
                              501 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: TIA receives $5.3M DOT grant for airfield upgrades

LENGTH: 346  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Kathy Castor haw has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Rep. Kathy Castor (FL14) announced today that Tampa International Airport
received a $5.3 million grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation for
important airfield upgrades.  The new infrastructure dollars follow two other
significant transportation announcements:  New Tampa International Airport
flights to Cuba and new, modern buses for HART.  All are welcome news for
hard-working families and businesses of Tampa Bay.





 "The Tampa Bay area's economy continues to grow and transportation improvements
are an important way to create higher-wage jobs and new opportunities.
Infrastructure investments at the airport has put thousands to work already.
The new U.S. Department of Transportation grant will keep the momentum going and
ensure that Tampa International Airport remains one of the best in the world,"
said U.S. Rep. Castor. "Tampa International Airport is a major gateway for
tourists and business travelers, and its strong economic impact will be
increased by this investment. Federal funding to rehab its taxiway and apron
will ensure Tampa International stays [#x200e]where it is -- [#x200e]among the
nation's and world's favorite airports [#x200e]and increase the airport's
already high standards for safety and efficiency."



 The announcement comes on the heels of earlier good economic news of
[#x200e]consistent commercial flights by Southwest Airlines to Havana, Cuba from
Tampa International Airport, which was approved by DOT last month.



 This infrastructure investment also adds to another of Tampa's recent successes
in attracting federal grants to help create jobs and grow our economy. Earlier
this month, U.S. Rep. Castor announced a $4.3 million DOT grant for HART for
eight new modern buses to help neighbors in our region get to and from work. In
addition, this major investment supports HART's initiative to convert from dirty
fuels to CNG-powered vehicles.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

New Mexico: Startup Santa Fe Awarded $45,000 from the City

LENGTH: 507  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


City of Santa Fe has issued the following news release:

Grant announced in Mayor's State of the City is one of two designed to build the
foundation for a successful startup culture

As highlighted in Mayor Gonzales' Tuesday State of the City Speech, and as a
result of the City of Santa Fe's Request for Proposal for "Operation Ignite
Entrepreneurship," Startup Santa Fe is launching a public/private partnership
with CrSF and the City of Santa Fe dedicated to aligning physical and virtual
resources focused on developing "start-up cultures" where entrepreneurs can
learn, collaborate, launch innovations, and ultimately build strong businesses
that become economic mainstays in the community.

Designed to give emerging startups traction in the region, Startup Santa Fe will
organize around key industries and ensure that each stage of development within
each industry has representation from partners, businesses, and government. New
and efficient pathways for startups will be designed and implemented in order to
expedite and create healthy businesses, commercial output and economic growth.

"We are creating a thriving culture of entrepreneurship in Santa Fe,  Through
the efforts of Start Up Santa Fe and other key projects, this community will
mobilize energy and expertise to support new businesses and grow a vibrant
economy,"  stated Mayor Javier Gonzales.

"Think of it as a Match.com for ideas." said Startup Santa Fe Director Shawn
Patrick and author of the proposal. "We are out to empower and connect every
individual with a view to what is needed to turn that idea into a successful
business strategy."

Fundamental to this effort is a public-private partnership that includes mapping
and integrating educational institutions, non-profits, workshops, accelerators,
workspaces and labs, along with mentors and experts from every industry into the
ecosystem, which will be powered by www.startupsantafe.com.

"Startup Santa Fe is an initiative that will build on the abundant assets we
already have as a community," said Cyndi Conn, Executive Director of Creative
Santa Fe, "and will encourage community-wide collaboration to build on those
assets and also to fill in key gaps in the system. This initiative promises to
dramatically strengthen our city's tech and entrepreneurial industries."

About Startup Santa Fe--Startup Santa Fe is a public private partnership with
the City of Santa Fe and Creative Santa Fe to provide access to entrepreneurial
resources online and throughout New Mexico. www.startupsantafe.com

About Creative Santa Fe--Creative Santa Fe (CrSF) is dedicated to strengthening
Santa Fe's creative economy to enhance the quality of life for citizens and
visitors through collaboration and innovation. CrSF is a catalyst for action by
building public/private partnerships to oversee projects that have a direct
economic impact, encourage citywide collaboration, and attract new funding
sources to our city.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 5, 2012 Thursday

Hunger-Free Minn. announces grants

BYLINE: Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 471 words


April 05--MINNEAPOLIS -- Hunger-Free Minnesota announced Wednesday that it
awarded grants to community hunger-relief organizations with its partner, Hormel
Foods Corp. The grant awards were made in Minnesota counties where Hormel has
facilities.

Awards of up to $10,000 were granted for increasing the physical capacity or
ability to store or deliver more nutritious food, and awards of up to $2,000
were granted to organizations to support their Supplemental Nutrition Assistance
Program outreach efforts for seniors.

"Thanks to a generous donation from Hormel Foods, these grants help Hunger-Free
Minnesota move forward with its action plan to fight hunger in our state," said
Ellie Lucas, chief campaign officer, Hunger-Free Minnesota. "These grants will
help community hunger-relief organizations increase their capacity for safely
storing and delivering nutritious food and make sure seniors who qualify for
SNAP know about the program."

Hunger-Free Minnesota is a three-year campaign focused on closing the 100
million missing meal gap. Every year, Minnesota's hungriest citizens miss more
than 100 million meals -- the equivalent of one meal every other day -- because
they do not have enough money to meet all their financial obligations, and food
frequently is sacrificed. The Hunger-Free Minnesota campaign seeks unique,
transformational donations from farsighted corporations, nonprofit organizations
and foundations that understand the economic impact of hunger in Minnesota.
Hunger-Free Minnesota uses these donations to implement its action plan
initiatives in three critical, sustainable areas: the emergency food system, the
Supplemental Nutrition Food Program and child hunger and nutrition programs.

"Hormel Foods is committed to combating the persistence of hunger in the United
States and pleased to join Hunger-Free Minnesota in the statewide fight to close
the 100 million missing meal gap," said Julie Craven, vice president of
corporate communications at Hormel. "Ensuring that everyone has access to
healthy, nutritious food is a priority we both share."

Grant awards were presented to:

-- Mower County Advocacy Program: Mower County Seniors Inc.

--Neighbors, Inc. (Dakota County)

--Fruit of the Vine Food Shelf (Dakota County)

--Lutheran Social Services for Senior Nutrition Service (Kandiyohi and Todd
counties)

--Prairie Five Food Shelf and Senior Nutrition (Chippewa County)

--Browerville Area Food Shelf (Todd County)

--Long Prairie Food Shelf (Todd County)

--Ruby's Pantry (Stearns County)

--Three Rivers Community Action (Rice County)

--Otter Tail Wadena Community Action Council (Otter Tail County)

--Otter Tail Salvation Army (Otter Tail County)

___ (c)2012 the Austin Daily Herald (Austin, Minn.) Visit the Austin Daily
Herald (Austin, Minn.) at www.austindailyherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120405-1AU-Hunger-Free-Minn-announces-grants-0405-20120405

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AU


                       Copyright 2012 Austin Daily Herald


                              504 of 999 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 10, 2017

                             Binghamton University

                            4400 Vestal Parkway East
                                Binghamton 13902
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


$8.2 million grant to support Binghamton University's alcohol research efforts

   Sep 03, 2014

   The National Institutes of Health has awarded a five-year grant in the amount
of $8.2 million to the SUNY Research Foundation in support of the Developmental
Exposure Alcohol Research Center (DEARC), an alcohol research center led by
Binghamton University.The grant, which starts Sept. 1, is a renewal of a
five-year, $8.5 million grant awarded to the center in 2010. The grant will help
fund research on the effects of developmental exposure to alcohol, focusing on
the two primary times when the developing brain is exposed to alcohol --
prenatally, via maternal use of alcohol, and during adolescence, when kids begin
using alcohol themselves. At both of these times, the brain is developing and is
sensitive to alteration by alcohol."What we're really interested in is what
happens with a double-hit," said Linda Spear, scientific director of the DEARC
and principal investigator of the grant. "We're worried about this kind of
vicious cycle that starts when kids are exposed to alcohol prenatally, making
them more likely to use alcohol and initiate use early in adolescence, with that
in turn increasing the probability of developing an alcohol use disorder in
adulthood. Using a variety of models in basic research, we're examining
consequences of separate and combined exposures at both critical developmental
stages and how that contributes to a cycle of disruptive alcohol use over
generations." The DEARC's goal is to develop strategies for disrupting this
cycle -- to reduce the probability that kids who are prenatally exposed would be
more likely to use alcohol as adolescents, and to work on strategies for
prevention and reversal of effects induced by adolescent alcohol exposure.
"Professor Spear's research on alcohol and alcohol abuse is important, timely
and it addresses issues that impact society on a massive scale," said President
Harvey Stenger. "Receipt of this grant enables Spear and her colleagues at the
DEARC to dig even deeper into this important topic and to use this knowledge to
develop possible prevention strategies." "The DEARC is a unique center that
truly meets the spirit of collaborative and multi-disciplinary research," said
Terrence Deak, associate director of the DEARC. "Securing renewal of the DEARC
will enable us to move forward with path-breaking studies on how early
developmental alcohol exposure impacts long-term alcohol use and abuse for years
to come."


University breaks ground on Smart Energy Facility

   Aug 27, 2014

   For Binghamton University President Harvey Stenger, the start of construction
on the Smart Energy Research and Development Facility is a milestone in the
University's history."This building will serve as a home for remarkable research
that our faculty, graduate students and undergraduate students will conduct in
the area of clean-energy production, utilization and efficiencies," he
said.Stenger spoke at an Aug. 27 groundbreaking ceremony for the $70 million,
114,000-square-foot building at the Innovative Technologies Complex. He was
joined by dignitaries including Lt. Gov. Robert Duffy, state Sen. Thomas Libous,
state Assemblywoman Donna Lupardo and state Assemblyman Clifford Crouch. Many
other campus leaders - including Executive Vice President for Academic Affairs
and Provost Donald Nieman and Harpur College of Arts and Sciences Dean Anne
McCall - and faculty members attended the festivities that concluded with an
excavator making the "first dig." The Smart Energy Research and Development
Facility is a result of the NYSUNY 2020 plan approved by Gov. Andrew Cuomo and
the legislature in 2012. NYSUNY 2020 allowed the University to implement a
rational tuition program that enabled the campus to embark on a project for
significant growth and to pursue a smart-energy research site. The facility,
scheduled for completion in 2017, will house the physics and chemistry
departments based in Harpur College. Research at the site will focus on
alternative energy production, harvesting and storage in areas such as thin-film
solar panel design and production, consumer-ready solar cells and
next-generation battery production. Besides its importance to the University,
Stenger said the facility will have a significant economic impact in the state
and region. With a direct economic impact of $78.5 million on Broome and Tioga
counties during its construction phase, the project will support more than 500
local jobs, including about 200 construction jobs. After construction, new
employees will generate $2.5 million of economic impact annually to the local
economy. "It is going to be important to our community," he said. "The hiring of
new faculty, the admission of new students and the technologies that will flow
out of this research and be housed in our Center of Excellence Building,
Engineering Building, Smart Energy Building as well as the incubator downtown we
hope will create the next wave of jobs in the Southern Tier." Duffy also
emphasized the economic impact of the project and praised Cuomo, Stenger and
"state partners" Libous and Lupardo for making the vision a reality. "This
building is going to create so much excitement in the Southern Tier," Duffy
said. "It's going to help other businesses and lead to more synergistic
relationships across the Southern Tier. What you are seeing here is the
beginning of jobs being created and a new series of technologies being created."
Libous called the project a "team effort" that displays how the state Senate and
Assembly can connect for a community. "We worked together," Libous said,
saluting Lupardo and Crouch. "Projects can get delayed like they do in other
parts of the state because the Assembly and Senate fight. We fight after we get
the project done because we know what is important to our community. "This
University will continue to grow and provide jobs and create new jobs," he
added. "But most importantly, it will continue to provide top-notch education.
I'm proud to be affiliated with you, Harvey. Keep it going, man." Lupardo
stressed that the ceremony was "not just another groundbreaking at a SUNY
school." "This is the result of the hopes and dreams and aspirations of everyone
(here) and every individual who has helped Binghamton University develop into
the premier research institution that it is today," she said. "They are
committed to helping solve one of the world's greatest challenges: how to
provide smart and clean energy. The work they are doing has far-reaching
implications well beyond the great state of New York." McCall thanked the
University's scholars and researchers "whose expertise and commitment will bring
this great dream to fruition." "The Smart Energy R&D Facility will enable
Binghamton scientists to pursue some of the big questions that matter most to
our society: How can we create more affordable solar power? Build cars that
require less gas? Improve the energy efficiency of all sorts of devices?" she
said. "This facility will also help us educate a new generation of scientists
and engineers who will join us in seeking answers to these questions and many
others we have yet to consider." The two-story building will feature ornate
custom steel in public areas as well as a green roof. LEED platinum standards
will be followed throughout construction - the highest certification possible.
Features will include micro turbines on mechanical systemsa fuel cell to produce
electricity at a reduced cost to heat and cool the buildingphotovoltaic panels
on the roof to produce electricityhydronic radiant heating in the
floorcontrolled LED lightingand water-cooled equipment wherever possible to
conserve energy. "If you are going to construct a smart-energy building, you
better make it LEED platinum," Stenger said. "But that's not easy to do. There
are only two SUNY buildings in the state of New York that are LEED platinum and
we hope this will be the third. "There is a lot at stake," Stenger said of the
smart-energy facility. "Community involvement is going to be important. We want
to make this a great, successful project."


Binghamton University receives $12.8 million for innovative energy research

   Jun 19, 2014

   The NorthEast Center for Chemical Energy Storage at Binghamton University has
been awarded a $12.8 million, four-year grant, announced Wednesday by U.S.
Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz. One of 32 grants awarded for a total of $100
million to fund Energy Frontier Research Centers (EFRCs), it will help
accelerate the scientific breakthroughs needed to build a new 21st-century
energy economy. "We are mobilizing some of our most talented scientists to join
forces and pursue the discoveries and breakthroughs that will lay the foundation
for our nation's energy future," Secretary Moniz said. "The funding we're
announcing today will help fuel innovation."The NECCES at Binghamton University
is directed by M. Stanley Whittingham, distinguished professor of chemistry and
of materials science at Binghamton. The grant is one of the largest federal
research grants Binghamton University has received. "Stan Whittingham is a
pioneer in the development of lithium ion batteries and his research has already
had a phenomenal impact on our society," said President Harvey Stenger. "Receipt
of this highly competitive grant will enable Stan and his colleagues to continue
to push the boundaries of energy storage and battery life, and underscores the
value of the work Binghamton University researchers are involved in every day."
"This grant illustrates the quality and importance of smart energy research at
Binghamton," said Bahgat Sammakia, vice president for research and distinguished
professor of mechanical engineering. "Batteries are essential to improving
technology in so many ways, whether it's portable electronicssmart grids, which
enhance security and save energygreen energy harvesting such as solar and windor
data centers, which require a backup energy source." "Stan Whittingham's center
competed against proposals from top schools around the country and won,"
Sammakia said. "It's an endorsement of him and speaks to the high caliber of his
research." "The research I have been involved with for over 30 years has helped
advance how we store and use energy at a very foundational level - through
batteries that, among other things, power most laptop computers," Whittingham
said. "This infusion of funding for the work that I do with my colleagues in the
NorthEast Center for Chemical Energy Storage will allow our work to continue as
we seek to improve on current methods for energy storage in a way that will
impact everyone around the globe." More than 200 proposals were submitted to the
Department of Energy (DOE) for this second round of highly competitive awards
for EFRCs to enable fundamental advances in energy production, storage and use.
The NECCES, with Whittingham as director, also received funding in the first
round. Partner institutions include Rutgers, MIT, Argonne National Laboratory,
Cambridge University, the University of California at San Diego and at Santa
Barbara, the University of Michigan, the University of Illinois-Chicago and New
York University. Whittingham and his colleagues want to understand the
fundamental chemical reactions in energy storage materials to make them work
better and to develop new materials that are cheaper, environmentally friendly
and able to store more energy than current materials can. Intercalation
reactions are the key to Whittingham's research on lithium-ion batteries. Such
reactions will require materials that remain structurally the same even as
lithium ions are put into them and taken out of them. These materials would work
much like a sponge, which retains the same basic structure even as it absorbs
water and as that water is squeezed out of it. Finding that sort of structure is
a crucial aspect of hybrid electric cars because consumers would expect a
battery to last 10 years or so. The less battery materials change as they
recharge and are used, the longer they'll last. Twenty-three of the projects
receiving funding are headed by universities, eight are led by national
laboratories and one project is run by a non-profit organization. Awards range
from $2 million to $4 million per year per center for each of four fiscal years.
Since their establishment by the Department's Office of Science, the EFRCs have
produced 5,400 peer-reviewed scientific publications and hundreds of inventions
at various stages of the patent process. EFRC research has also benefited a
number of large and small firms, including start-up companies. The centers
selected for the second round of funding will help lay the scientific groundwork
for fundamental advances in solar energy, electrical energy storage, carbon
capture and sequestration, materials and chemistry by design, biosciences, and
extreme environments.


Biofilms research gets big boost at Binghamton University

   Apr 29, 2014

   A gift from the Dr. G. Clifford & Florence B. Decker Foundation will enable
Binghamton University biologists and their colleagues to conduct tests and
research that will improve health outcomes for patients in Southern Tier
hospitals with conditions ranging from ear infections to cancer.The Foundation's
donation of $333,901 enabled the University to purchase a fluorescence-activated
cell sorter. This key piece of equipment, typically used in cellular biology and
microbiology research, will help establish the Health Sciences Core Facility, a
multi-user laboratory open to campus researchers and their partners in
healthcare and industry, especially those at Lourdes and UHS Hospitals."The
Health Sciences Core Facility will strengthen collaborations between our faculty
members and community researchers from Lourdes, UHS and elsewhere," Binghamton
University President Harvey Stenger said. "They will be able to discuss their
findings and share their expertise and data. Our Analytical and Diagnostics
Laboratory has been a successful model for laboratory research. Many of our
partners treat it as a virtual extension of their own research and development
infrastructure. We hope this new facility will fill a similar niche for research
in the health sciences." One initial focus for research conducted at the Health
Sciences Core Facility will be biofilms, which are implicated in 80 percent of
infectious diseases. Biofilms -- communities of bacteria in self-produced slime
-- pose a major challenge in healthcare because of their extraordinary
resistance to antibiotics. "A cell sorter will enable us to tackle the problem
of biofilm resistance by allowing us to separate resistant and virulent bacteria
from the general population and determine what genetic and regulatory mechanisms
these bacteria use to survive and grow within the host," said David Davies, an
associate professor of biological sciences at Binghamton. The
fluorescence-activated cell sorter allows researchers to separate a mixture or
population of cells into subpopulations. For example, it can sift cancer cells
from healthy cells or separate disease-causing bacteria from harmless ones. The
machine does not kill cells during the process, which will allow researchers to
study viable subpopulations of cells. Using other tools in the same laboratory
at the University's Innovative Technologies Center on Murray Hill Road in
Vestal, researchers will be able to determine the proteins that these
subpopulations produce or identify mutations using DNA sequencing. The Decker
Foundation is one of the University's largest lifetime donors, with gifts now
totaling nearly $7.3 million. Speaking on behalf of the Decker Foundation board,
Executive Director Gerald Putman said the Foundation is pleased to provide this
gift to Binghamton University and support its plans to become a premier public
university of the 21st century. "This purchase will help advance important
research," Putman said. "The cell sorter puts the campus in the company of an
elite peer group and also increases its impact on community healthcare, one of
our Foundation's key goals."


Binghamton University researcher awarded funding to help heart attack risk

   Sep 10, 2013

   A Binghamton University researcher hopes to give doctors a more accurate way
of determining a patient's risk of heart attack or stroke.Amber Doiron,
assistant professor of bioengineering, says current methods of assessing
atherosclerosis -- commonly known as hardening of the arteries -- are not
terribly accurate. Some 30 percent of deaths worldwide can be attributed to the
disease, which occurs when fat, cholesterol and other particles form hard
structures called plaques in the walls of arteries."It's really a guessing game
right now," she says. "Doctors use factors like blood pressure and cholesterol
level to get an idea of a patient's risk. Then they use plaque size as a general
measure of whether a person has the disease. But there's a fairly poor
correlation between plaque size and heart attack or stroke." Doiron, who has an
interest in molecular imaging as well as expertise in nanoscience, wants to help
physicians do a better job of identifying which plaques are cause for concern.
She and a Temple University colleague recently received a two-year, $418,000
grant from the National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering to
support this project. It's a notable success in part because this was Doiron's
first National Institutes of Health grant proposal. The researchers will use a
combination of polymers and superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles for the
study. The nanoparticle is sensitive to oxidative stress, which occurs in
atherosclerosis and has been linked to patients who have a higher prevalence of
heart attack and stroke. Using an MRI scan, the researchers will be able to see
how active the nanoparticle is, which will indicate whether the plaque is
stable. "A stroke or a heart attack doesn't necessarily come when a plaque fully
blocks the flow of blood through an artery," Doiron explains. "What happens is
the plaque ruptures and the gunk that underlies the plaque is exposed to blood
and a clot forms. The clot builds quickly -- on an hour time scale as opposed to
over years -- and the clot can grow there until it blocks flow, or it can
dislodge and block flow somewhere else. Most heart attacks do not occur from a
full blockage of plaque. It happens because the plaque bursts. Same thing with
strokes. That's why size isn't necessarily indicative of how dangerous a plaque
is." The discovery of a molecule or a cell type that indicated which plaques are
safe and which ones are dangerous would be a huge breakthrough, Doiron says. She
thinks oxidative stress may be such an indicator. "Atherosclerosis is an
incredibly complex disease that progresses over decades," Doiron says. "It's
hard to tell who's walking around with plaques that are stable, relatively safe,
and who has plaques that may cause a heart attack tomorrow. For some patients,
the first sign of trouble is a heart attack."


AWS Truepower Collaborates With New York Colleges To Form CeCeT

   Apr 27, 2012

   AWS Truepower, LLC announced a new partnership with New York State Colleges
to form the Center for Evaluation of Clean Energy Technology (CeCeT), an
organization that will benefit manufacturers of clean energy technology by
providing access to test equipment and expertise.Bruce Bailey, president and CEO
of AWS Truepower, said, "Collaboration between the business community and
educational institutions is vital to innovation. We are honored to be part of
this partnership which can lead the way to growth of the industry for renewable
energy in New York."The partnership was made possible by the New York State
Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA), who awarded $4.2m to
Intertek USA Inc., to open the first East Coast solar testing laboratory at
Intertek's facility in Cortland, New York, and to launch a new wind turbine
blade testing lab at Clarkson University. AWS Truepower will partner with
Intertek, Clarkson University, Rochester Institute of Technology, Alfred State
College, and Binghamton University. Having accredited testing labs for renewable
technologies will make it easier for manufacturers, especially those in the
Northeast, to get products certified and ready for market.


Governor Of New York State Announces Clean Energy And Environmental Initiatives

   Apr 26, 2012

   The governor of New York state announced a series of new clean energy and
environmental initiatives that will protect the state's natural resources,
increase energy conservation, and create jobs across New York state.The governor
announced major new investments in clean energy and environmental projects
through the New York Power Authority (NYPA) and New York State Energy and
Research Development Authority (NYSERDA), including $450m to reduce energy
consumption in state buildings by 20% and additional incentives for homeowners
and businesses to install solar electric systems. The governor also announced
that Intertek will open a solar testing laboratory in Cortland and will launch a
new wind turbine blade testing lab at Clarkson University.Gil C. Quinones,
president and CEO of NYPA, said, "Governor of New York state has laid out a bold
vision for upgrading the energy efficiency of state and local governments to
reduce energy use, utility bills, and carbon emissions. Accelerated and
increased investments in energy-saving technologies, such as those announced by
the governor, will result in significant benefits for the environment. These
measures will also create jobs, keep energy dollars in New York state, and free
up resources for the essential services of tax-supported public facilities." The
governor also announced the launch of the Green Initiative at the New York State
Pollution Prevention Institute at the Rochester Institute of Technology that
will provide New York businesses with expertise and strategies for reducing the
use of hazardous materials and improving sustainability. The details of the
initiatives are: $450m commitment for energy efficiency in state buildings: NYPA
will finance approximately $450m in cost-effective energy efficiency projects
over the next four years, with a goal to reduce energy consumption in state
buildings by 20%. The efficiency upgrades include new lighting fixtures,
heating, ventilating and air-conditioning systems, electric motors, and
automated energy management systems. For many projects, no capital funding is
needed upfront, as the energy savings will be used to pay back the loans. The
financing will be directed toward the largest and most inefficient buildings.
Actual building data will be used to prioritize buildings for retrofit, and the
most inefficient buildings and campuses will be retrofitted first. NYPA also
intends to finance an additional $350m over the next four years to provide
energy efficiency financing and technical services to county and local
governments and schools, helping to lower local government costs for taxpayers.
NYPA uses its low-cost financing for these projects and recovers its costs by
sharing in the resulting electric-bill savings. New solar and wind blade testing
center coming to New York NYSERDA has awarded $4.2m to Intertek to open the
first East Coast solar testing laboratory at Intertek's facility in Cortland,
New York, and to launch a new wind turbine blade testing lab at Clarkson
University. Intertek will partner with Clarkson University, Rochester Institute
of Technology, Alfred State College, Binghamton University and AWS TruePower to
form the Center for Evaluation of Clean Energy Technology. NY-Sun Initiative to
quadruple annual solar development by 2013 The governor launched the NY-Sun
Initiative to double the amount of customer-sited solar power installed annually
in New York, and quadruple that amount by 2013. The NY-Sun Initiative was first
outlined by the governor in his 2012 State of the State Address. The NY-Sun
Initiative brings together and expands existing programs administered by
NYSERDA, Long Island Power Authority, and NYPA, to ensure a coordinated and
well-funded solar energy expansion plan. On April 19, 2012, the Public Service
Commission approved doubling NYSERDA's funding for customer-sited solar electric
systems, known as solar photovoltaic (PV) energy systems, to $432m over the next
four years. The expanded solar program will increase financial incentives for
large, commercial-sized PV projects and expand incentive programs for
small-to-medium residential and commercial systems. Green Initiative Launched
for business innovation The Department of Environmental Conservation and the New
York State Pollution Prevention Institute (NYSP2I) launched the Green Initiative
to provide a sustainable road map for New York businesses. The initiative was
made possible through a $1.6m allocation from the Environmental Protection Fund.
Green Initiative programs will propel nascent green technologies and products to
the next step in commercialization and provide expertise in developing a more
sustainable manufacturing supply chain. Last year, P2I helped New York
businesses eliminate the use of 851,000 pounds of hazardous waste and materials,
reduce non-hazardous material use by 10,000 pounds, and cut electrical energy
use by 945,000kwh and water use by 6.2 million gallons. These reductions saved
participating companies $346,000 in 2011. This week in Niagara, Rose Harvey,
commissioner of the New York State Office of Parks, unveiled the details of the
Niagara Falls State Park Revitalization Initiative. The initiative features a
$25m infrastructure investment in America's oldest state park and includes a
solar energy installation. The investment is being made through the NY Works
Fund.


Binghamton University To Receive $4 Million In Federal Funds For CASP

   Sep 21, 2010

   Binghamton University is likely to receive $4 million in federal funds for
its Small Scale Systems Integration and Packaging Center's (S3IP's) Center for
Autonomous Solar Power (CASP). The $4 million in funding, which still needs to
be approved by Congress, will be invested in CASP to make the center fully
operational and allow it to further focus on the development of uninterrupted
solar power sources.The investment is part of the $10.5 million federal
investment, which has been approved by the House Appropriations subcommittee on
defense. The total investment will go to the university's S3IP, which includes
the CASP and the Center for Advanced Microelectronics Manufacturing
(CAMM).Maurice Hinchey, US representative, said: Creating local jobs and
improving the local economy is the top priority. That's why, I have spent years
working with Binghamton University to bring in federal investments that will
generate new research, drive more growth and support job creation. These efforts
will allow us to continue to establish the southern tier as a central hub for
innovation and high-technology manufacturing. Hinchey added: Advancing solar
technology has been a passion of mine for a number of years. It presents us with
enormous economic and environmental potential. These are solid, innovative
research projects. They are going to create jobs, improve the economy and
benefit our military personnel.


AWS Truepower Expands Wind And Solar Research Relationship With NYSERDA

   Jul 20, 2010

   AWS Truepower, LLC (AWS Truepower) has expanded its solar and wind testing
and research relationship with the New York State Energy Research and
Development Authority (NYSERDA), including its participation in a new clean
energy testing initiative funded by NYSERDA. NYSERDA has awarded $4.4 million in
funding over five years to a consortium led by Intertek. The funding will
support the establishment of renewable energy test and research centers in New
York.AWS Truepower joins Intertek, Clarkson University, Rochester Institute of
Technology, State University of New York (SUNY) Canton, Alfred State, Binghamton
University, and the Syracuse Center of Excellence in NYSERDA's Research and
Testing Centers initiative. NYSERDA's funding will allow the group to establish
solar photovoltaic and small-wind test centers throughout the state of New York.
Using rigorous, real-life testing scenarios, the group will measure safety,
performance, reliability, durability and longevity, according to AWS
Truepower.Francis J. Murray, president and CEO of NYSERDA, said: These new
testing centers demonstrate New York's leadership on renewable technology
development and will give consumers and investors the most accurate information
possible on clean technologies. By serving as a proving ground for the latest
renewable energy technologies, these centers will help bolster New York's clean
energy economy and our renewable technology infrastructure. Bruce Bailey,
president and CEO at AWS Truepower, said: Together with Intertek and our
regional partners, NYSERDA's testing facility initiative allows us to continue
to advance New York's position as a clean energy leader--a region rich in
renewable energy resource potential as evidenced in part by our recent offshore
wind assessment of the Great Lakes. AWS Truepower is committed to providing
feasibility, assessment and operations intelligence to the federal, state and
local government agencies, as well as the renewable-energy industry, and we are
pleased to lend our capabilities to New York's testing centers. Together, we can
help renewable-energy developers optimally site small wind and photovoltaic
technologies and collectively work to improve the state's efforts to achieve
governor David Paterson's '45 by 15' clean energy objectives.


NYSERDA Provides Funding To Establish New York Clean Energy Testing Centers

   May 17, 2010

   The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA) has
announced $4.4 million in funding over five years to a central New York-based
testing laboratory to establish renewable energy test and research centers in
New York. The funding will allow Intertek (Cortland) and a consortium of
partners to establish solar photovoltaic (PV) and small wind test centers
throughout the state.They will use real-life testing scenarios to measure
safety, performance, reliability, durability, and longevity.Francis J. Murray,
president and CEO of NYSERDA, said: These new testing centers demonstrate New
York's leadership on renewable technology development and will give consumers
and investors the most accurate information possible on clean technologies. By
serving as a proving ground for the latest renewable energy technologies, these
centers will help bolster New York's clean energy economy and our renewable
technology infrastructure.Brian Kramak, director of energy services at Intertek,
said: Intertek's additional test facilities for renewable energy technologies
will provide needed testing capabilities. Buyers of wind and solar products will
have access to reliable third-party safety and performance verification for
small wind and PV systems. Sellers of renewable energy products will be able to
demonstrate compliance to regulatory requirements and incentive program
requirements. Combining these certification aspects with coordinated research
capabilities will help to advance renewable energy in New York. The clean
technology test centers also will improve the ability to predict the output of
wind and solar energy, which will help to maximize the production potential of
these renewable resources. Coupled with a better understanding of wind and solar
performance in real-world situations, the centers will help developers in
optimally siting small wind and PV technologies and improve the state's efforts
to achieve Governor David Paterson's â[#x20ac][#x2dc]45 by 15' clean energy
objectives. The wind and PV test centers also will help educate the next
generation of clean energy workers by collaborating with New York state higher
education institutions to provide real-world training and proficiency in solar
and wind technologies that will help attract PV and wind industries to New York.
Intertek's regional partners in this NYSERDA-funded initiative include AWS
Truepower, Clarkson University, Rochester Institute of Technology, SUNY Canton,
Alfred State, Binghamton University, and the Syracuse Center of Excellence.
Currently, small wind technology and components are tested and certified at the
National Renewable Energy Lab in Colorado. The PV test center will be the fifth
accredited center to open in the US and the second to open on the East Coast.
The location of each PV and small wind test center will be determined by
Intertek and the consortium over the coming months. Each center will bring jobs
and new renewable energy businesses to several locations throughout New York.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017


                              505 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                            March 14, 2000, Tuesday

CITY HOPEFUL FOR ITS FUTURE WITH THE TRIBE

BYLINE: JOY MURPHY The Ledger

SECTION: East Polk; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 551 words


WINTER HAVEN -- City officials hope it's a positive sign that Cleveland Indians
officials plan to contribute to a fund that may help the success of a
legislative initiative designed to help keep professional baseball teams in
Florida for spring training.

"It says they're committed to wanting to stay in Winter Haven and help the city
take advantage of everything that's available," said Mayor Scott Girouard.

Each team that trains in Florida is being asked to contribute $ 5,000 to the
Florida Grapefruit League Association. The association, composed of cities and
counties that host spring training baseball teams, would push a legislative
effort designed to keep Major League Baseball teams training in Florida.

Besides the Indians, the Philadelphia Phillies have also agreed to the
contribution.

"I think this is another great indication of the kind of relationship the
Indians have with the city of Winter Haven," said Commissioner Dave Dershimer.
"It means they understand the issue that spring training is bigger than any of
us individually."

Since negotiations to extend the team's contract beyond the 2003 spring training
season haven't been scheduled, no one should read a whole lot into the team's
contribution, said Bob DiBiasio, vice president of public relations for the
Indians.

"We are supportive of Winter Haven and supportive of the bill," DiBiasio said.
"(The contribution) is saying that spring training is very important to the
state of Florida, specifically to the cities that host teams."

The relationship between Winter Haven and the Indians has been a good one. And
preliminary discussions about keeping the team here could begin this week when
Larry Dolan, the team's new owner, plans a second visit.

With the Indians' commitment, the Florida Grapefruit League Association, is more
than half way to its goal of $ 100,000.

Winter Haven commissioners were expected to agree Monday to a contribution of $
10,000. Clearwater has already agreed to contributing $ 15,000 and the cities of
Dunedin and Lakeland have each agreed to giving $ 10,000.

Suggested contributions from host cities were based on improvements needed at
the individual facilities.

The cities and teams are backing a bill that would provide grants of up to $
500,000 a year for up to 30 years to help communities build new facilities or
renovate existing ones to keep teams from moving. The legislation was filed last
month by Sen. Jack Latvala, R-Palm Harbor.

Arizona, Texas and Nevada are all interested in luring teams from Florida for
spring training. There have been reports that the Cleveland Indians are among
several teams that have the interest of Las Vegas officials.

The economic impact of spring training in Florida is estimated at about $ 300
million, according to Keith R. Ashby, a Clearwater city administrator who's
coordinating efforts to build the fund to support spring training in Florida.

Winter Haven officials say hosting a team during spring training is good for the
city.

"Not only is it good for the economic impact of Winter Haven, it also gives us
some excitement for the time they're here," said City Commissioner Charles Cone.
"I would like to see them stay as long as we can negotiate a contract that is
suitable for the people of Winter Haven."

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2000 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              506 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             May 4, 2011 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

MARTIN'S BOLD VISION NEEDED MORE THAN EVER

BYLINE: By ED CLARKE

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 495 words


Downtown Madison Inc. has a keen interest in the current debate over the future
of UW-Madison.

DThe urban center of the city and the university at its heart have been
intimately linked since the founding of Wisconsin. At a recent meeting, DMI's
board of directors expressed unanimous support for Chancellor Biddy Martin's New
Badger Partnership.

For 160 years, UW-Madison has had a significantly positive impact on the culture
and economy of our state, region and especially Downtown Madison. The
university's annual economic impact in Wisconsin totals $12.4 billion. It
supports 128,000 jobs and generates $614 million in state tax revenue. In
addition, for every $1 of state tax investment in UW-Madison, there is $21.05 in
economic activity in the state.

Our community is blessed with something the rest of the world wants ? a
top-notch research institution with enormous economic impact. Unfortunately, the
budgetary challenges of recent years place that heritage in jeopardy and create
a serious competitive disadvantage for the university.

We cannot allow that to continue.

While much of the recent debate has focused on the impact of the plan on the
state and its institutions, we are concerned about the global challenges the
university faces. UW-Madison is truly a world-class institution, and its
competition for resources and personnel is global.

Sadly, its current system of financing treats it as if it were no different from
other institutions or state agencies. This will only lead to a long, slow
decline.

In response to continued reductions of state funding, Chancellor Martin has
advanced the New Badger Partnership, an initiative that proposes a new business
model for UW-Madison. We applaud Martin for her bold vision and the courage to
promote the vital changes that are necessary.

The governor's proposed budget bill, now under consideration by the Legislature,
includes the creation of a new public authority for UW-Madison that would enable
the university to achieve many of the flexibilities articulated in the New
Badger Partnership.

Our mission at Downtown Madison Inc. is to sustain Downtown growth and ensure
our region retains its economic vitality, its well-known quality of life and its
overall appeal as a destination. We believe the chancellor's plan ensures
UW-Madison will continue to be one of the top universities in the world.

Allowing our great university to slip in competitiveness for grants and top
faculty and students, and preventing it from realizing its full potential, would
be a terrible waste. That's especially true at a time when the state needs its
strong influence and communitychanging power more than ever.

We ask our state elected officials to do what is best for Wisconsin by
supporting Martin's New Badger Partnership Plan, and we encourage our fellow
citizens to contact their representatives and encourage them to support it. This
is the right thing to do for our future.

Clarke is board chairman for Downtown Madison Inc.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                      April 27, 2004 Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

Expert, labs will bolster MBI;
 WPI students present biomed findings at forum

BYLINE: Lisa Eckelbecker; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 867 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


Massachusetts Biomedical Initiatives could improve its economic development
efforts by focusing on equipment and maintenance at its centers and hiring a
business-development expert to assist entrepreneurs, according to a new study.

MBI could also do better by adding more laboratory space to its offerings for
entrepreneurs, say four WPI students who spent seven weeks studying the
organization for an economic overview study.

"They're doing a very good job," Roger Schafer, one of the authors, said of MBI.
"They have room to improve, though, and they're doing it."

Mr. Schafer and Julia Trenholm McAdams presented their findings yesterday at a
forum sponsored by MBI, a nonprofit organization that runs two business
incubators for life-sciences start-up companies. Other authors on the study were
Bryan Pursell and Raul Correia. All are juniors at WPI.

Through an economic impact study and interviews with entrepreneurs, the authors
concluded that MBI is meeting its tenants' needs in some areas, but not others.

Tenants told the authors that MBI meets their expectations by providing
laboratories, parking, common areas, training and other services. But the
tenants also said they wished MBI could help them apply for grants or even take
them to trade shows to promote their businesses.

MBI President and Chief Executive Kevin O'Sullivan said the organization is
already working on some of the issues the report highlighted, and would like to
hire a business-development expert when it has funding. Pamela Hochman Norton
formerly held that job with MBI, he said, but the organization cut the position
to save money when Ms. Norton left.

"It's a wonderful component to have, but it's an added luxury we cannot afford
to have at this time," Mr. O'Sullivan said.

MBI promotes the life-sciences industry in Central Massachusetts and operates
two business incubators with a combined 30,000 square feet of space. One center,
at the former St. Vincent Hospital, is undergoing renovations to add two
laboratories, bringing the center to 11 laboratories. A second facility on
Barber Avenue accommodates four laboratories.

Adding laboratories could be important for MBI because it could provide
additional rental income to support programs such as business development, said
Ms. McAdams. The study found that laboratories make up 26 percent of MBI's space
and that MBI would not suffer if it eliminated some of its common space open to
all tenants.

"If they increase their lab space, they're going to increase their revenues,"
said Ms. McAdams. That "will help them serve their companies better."

MBI employs six people, operates with a budget of about $1 million and charges
its tenants about $30,000 to $60,000 a year, depending on the amount of space
rented. In addition to laboratory and office space, MBI provides tenants with
shared conference rooms and shared equipment, such as glass-washing machinery.

The report calculated that with 15 tenants, MBI was behind 60 jobs that pumped
$8 million into the area economy in 2004.

The overall life-sciences sector in Central Massachusetts accounted for an
estimated 111 companies with about 7,500 workers, the report concluded. The
economic impact of that was estimated at $925 million in employee expenditures,
such as salaries and benefits, in 2004.

The results could not be compared to previous years because the authors defined
the region differently from past studies and used a new method to calculate
economic impact.

Although MBI's operating expenses are lower than two-thirds of 10 business
incubators the WPI students studied, the organization might be able to lower its
expenses even more if it concentrated on utilities, maintenance and insurance,
the students concluded.

The Massachusetts Biotechnology Research Park in Worcester spends $1 per square
foot less on utilities than MBI and $4 per square foot less on maintenance, the
report found. Compared to a number of incubators, MBI was also spending $1 per
square foot more on insurance.

Even if MBI cannot lower its costs in those areas, it could consider them in the
future when deciding whether to buy or rent properties. It could also push some
of the higher costs on to its tenants, the authors suggested.

Mr. O'Sullivan disagreed that MBI could easily push costs onto its tenants, but
said the organization is trying to bring down utility, maintenance and insurance
costs.

MBI called in Massachusetts Electric Co. to help it install energy efficient
systems in the Barber Avenue business incubator, Mr. O'Sullivan said.
Maintenance was difficult during the winter because water pipes broke twice
during the winter near the Winthrop Street offices and caused flooding, he said.

The organization has also stabilized its insurance costs this year and expects
to lower them next year, Mr. O'Sullivan said.

"Can we do better? Absolutely," Mr. O'Sullivan said. "We're never perfect, but
I'm satisfied we're making great progress."

Also yesterday, MBI honored Charles F. Monahan Jr., president of the
Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences, for his contributions to
the Central Massachusetts life-sciences industry.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2004 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              508 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           February 25, 2014 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

COALITION HEAD SEES UNITED NONPROFITS

BYLINE: Joyce Gannon, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A-6

LENGTH: 400 words


As the new executive director of the Greater Pittsburgh Nonprofit Partnership,
Samantha Balbier wants to unite her members around the key policy issues of
health care, taxes and transportation.

Overall, she said, her mission is to "strengthen the voice of the nonprofit
sector ... and help Pittsburgh and leaders of the region understand the
important economic impact the nonprofit sector has in southwest Pennsylvania."

Ms. Balbier became executive director of GPNP on Feb. 3, although the
appointment was announced Monday. She succeeds Betty Cruz, who left to join the
city of Pittsburgh administration as nonprofit and faith-based manager in the
office of new Mayor Bill Peduto.

The Greater Pittsburgh Nonprofit Partnership is a coalition of about 350
nonprofit agencies that operates out of The Forbes Funds, Downtown. There's a
"natural alignment" between the partnership and the funds, Ms. Balbier said,
because the funds' directive is to assist nonprofits with management and
organizational issues.

Ms. Balbier, 44, said her long history of jobs in the nonprofit sector --
including working as a staff member at government and nonprofit agencies, and as
a funder on the foundation side -- should serve her well. "It helps me
understand the nonprofit community. I can identify with them and have touched on
and experienced the daily challenges nonprofits face."

Prior to joining GPNP, she was lead consultant to the Pennsylvania Early
Childhood Education Healthy and Green Initiative. In that role, she worked with
government offices -- including the state departments of education, health and
environmental protection -- to develop a statewide initiative to make early
childhood learning facilities safer. Improvements that were implemented, she
said, ranged from better ventilation to reduced use of pesticides and green
cleaning practices.

Before that, she was director of development at Carriage House Children's
Center, executive director of Healthy Home Resources, and a program associate at
the Heinz Endowments where she handled grants in the children, youth and
families program.

On the government side, she served as a consultant to the Allegheny County
Department of Human Services and as a caseworker for the Erie County Office of
Children & Youth.

An Erie native, Ms. Balbier moved to Pittsburgh in 1997 to obtain a master's in
social work and public policy from the University of Pittsburgh.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Joyce Gannon: jgannon@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1580. /

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Samantha Balbier

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              509 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Stirling Observer

                               September 13, 2013
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Rail boost to the economy;
FirstGroup injects £14m into area

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 405 words


A new study has revealed First ScotRail has injected more than £14m into the
local economy.

According to research by the Fraser of Allander Institute, the company employed
a total of 560 people in Stirling, Falkirk and Clackmannanshire in 2012/13,
which equates to a total economic impact of £14.7m.

The thinktank unveiled its findings at a reception at the Scottish Parliament,
attended by Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon and hosted by Jim Eadie MSP.

Transport Minister and Clackmannanshire MSP Keith Brown, Mid-Scotland and Fife
MSP Murdo Fraser and North East Fife MSP Roderick Campbell were also present to
hear how ScotRail now employs 4700 people - up more than 35 per cent since 2004
when FirstGroup took over the franchise from National Express.

This supports £302.5m in wages across Scotland.

The report also revealed performance improvements since FirstGroup was awarded
the contract to provide Scotland's rail services nine years ago, as well as the
community, charitable and environmental activity which ScotRail is involved in.

Passenger numbers have grown by 20 million more journeys a year by 2013, up more
than 30 per cent to 83.3million.

Research also found train punctuality increased from 83.1 per cent to 93 per
cent, despite hundreds more trains running each day.

The company recently announced the launch of the ScotRail Foundation, designed
to help local community groups take action to improve their environment through
recycling, litter reduction and anti-vandalism initiatives.

Grants range from £250 to £5000 and ScotRail has pledged to spend £100,000
during 2013-14 to support local community initiatives.

The company's Adopt a Station scheme has also given local people the chance to
improve their local station.

Stirling and Bridge of Allan stations have been adopted by volunteers.

Steve Montgomery, managing director of ScotRail, said: "The key change has been
the development of our focus on customers and our commitment to supporting
communities whether that's business people, tourist visitors or the thousands of
ordinary passengers who rely on us as an integral part of Scotland's daily
life."

Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said: "The Scottish Government is looking
forward to working closely with ScotRail over the coming year as the eyes of the
world look to Scotland's exciting programme of events for 2014 that includes the
Commonwealth Games, the Ryder Cup and a second Year of Homecoming."

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STO


                           Copyright 2013 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                               May 4, 2008 Sunday

UP FOR A PROMOTION

BYLINE: KATIE ARCIERI; Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1124  words


State lawmakers passed legislation last month that tourism officials said could
generate millions of dollars to market Maryland while placing more power in the
hands of those who promote Annapolis.

The Tourism Promotion Act of 2008, approved on the last day of the legislative
session, was designed to reshape how the state funds its $11.4 billion tourism
industry and make it more competitive with other states. Although the law
sponsored by Sen. John Astle, D-Annapolis, was weakened when key mandated
funding was removed, local tourism officials point to this legislation as the
biggest structural change in state tourism funding since 1994.

"What we're doing here is securing dollars," said Connie Del Signore, president
and chief executive officer of the Annapolis and Anne Arundel County Conference
and Visitors Bureau.

Modeled after similar legislation in Missouri, the law links the tourism
industry's performance to enhanced funding.

The state currently gives $6 million to the Maryland Tourism Development Board,
which provides money for "destination marketing" groups run by organizations
like the Annapolis visitors bureau and other tourism development initiatives.

Under the new law, if the sales tax generated by tourism goods and services
increases at least 3 percent over the previous year, half of the increase above
that 3 percent could be added to tourism funding. The balance would go to the
general fund.

As a fiscal safeguard, any funding increase each year can't exceed $5 million.
State financial officials estimated the state tourism marketing budget could
jump to $16.8 million by 2013 under the new funding formula. The estimate is
based on a number of assumptions including the current $6 million of state
funding; that the $5 million cap is reached; and the current sales tax
classifications for tourism-related revenue are used.

The law also requires the Comptroller's Office to revisit those classifications,
as well as calculate the associated sales tax. The comptroller must consult with
the state Department of Business and Economic Development and report the amount
to Gov. Martin O'Malley, according to the legislation.

Also, funding for the board has been increased to $7 million in the fiscal 2009
budget.

As part of last-minute changes to the bill, any increases to the state tourism
board are at the governor's discretion. If he approved the additional funding,
it still is subject to approval by the General Assembly.

Still, the bill guarantees some new funding: It mandates at least $2.5 million
in annual grants to local destination marketing groups starting in fiscal 2011,
an increase from $1.5 million. Ms. Del Signore said the Annapolis bureau has
received $50,000 from that $1.5 million and estimates it could secure up to an
additional $25,000 from the larger pool of funds by 2011.

The larger pool of grants will increase competition for tourism dollars among
groups based on performance, she said.

"We have never had (funding for destination marketing groups) locked in
anywhere," Ms. Del Signore said. "This is a very good precedent moving forward."

Ms. Del Signore said the performance for her group is already there. The
Annapolis bureau has booked an average of 15,000 room nights each year,
generating an economic impact of $4 million, she said. The bureau also has
generated $5 million worth of media advertising so far this year, she said.

Ms. Del Signore, who also sits on the state tourism board's grant committee,
said the guidelines for securing these grants will be adjusted to give
destination marketing groups "flexibility" on how to market their area, whether
it's Internet marketing or sports marketing.

Obstacles

While local tourism officials cheered the passage of this bill, Mr. Astle's
legislation didn't come without its share of obstacles. In its original form,
the Tourism Promotion Act mandated that the governor add $4 million to the
existing $6 million for the tourism board.

But some state officials were opposed to the bill because of the state's poor
fiscal climate, said Bill Miles, a lobbyist who worked on the bill and called it
the "toughest assignment I've ever had."

Mr. Astle worked with Ms. Del Signore, who also is the chairman of the Maryland
Association of Destination Marketing Organizations. Under her leadership, that
group hired Mr. Miles to secure more funding for tourism.

Mr. Astle kept the bill's funding formula, but took out the mandate language and
worked with his colleagues to push the legislation through four committees to
what Mr. Miles called a "white-knuckle finish."

"Our argument was don't be penny-wise, dollar-foolish," Mr. Miles said. "Let's
give it a chance to work."

Mr. Astle said the decision to take out the mandate sold the governor on the
idea. In a letter dated April 2, Mr. O'Malley threw his support behind the
initiative.

"It would never have passed out of the Senate if we had left that mandate in,"
Mr. Astle said.

The bill was heralded by state and local officials as a good move for the
tourism industry, and the region and state.

Rick Abbruzzese, a spokesman for Mr. O'Malley, said the law means the governor
and General Assembly together "are making a statement" that they are "committed
to funding tourism in our state."

Margot Amelia, executive director of the Maryland Office of Tourism, said the
legislation doesn't have any immediate effects, but the "dialogue" about it has
created greater understanding of the impact of the state's $11.4 billion tourism
industry.

"At the end of the day, it's really a positive for the industry," she said.

Mr. Astle said tourism is the "life blood" of the community and the legislation
was especially important in the wake of an economic downturn.

"Every level of government is struggling right now," said Mr. Astle, an
Annapolis resident who also sits on the state tourism board. "People are
uncertain about their future ... but people still have leisure time and they
want to do things. ... We already have everything in place. We don't have to
build anything. We just have to convince them that this is the place they want
to come for a weekend."

Local businesses also cheered the legislation, saying more marketing dollars
will help Annapolis' tourism industry.

"I think it's absolutely needed," said Jen Brest of Schooner Woodwind Cruises,
which recently started its busy season with boat trips from the Annapolis
Marriott Waterfront Hotel. "You have to keep reminding people what is in their
backyards."

Larry Beiderman, general manager for the Loews Annapolis Hotel, said the
legislation will give the area "a lot more ammunition to market our
destination."

"We really don't have the budget that West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Delaware
has," he said. "I think it will put us in a much better position."

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2008 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                            November 18, 2011 Friday

Challenge to create 20,000 new posts

BYLINE: Cameron Brooks

SECTION: NEWS; POLITICS; Political parties; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 281 words


FINANCIAL support for small businesses across Scotland should be dependent on a
commitment from firms to create jobs for young people.

Scottish Labour leader hopeful Ken Macintosh believes the Scottish Government's
small business scheme could be used to create 20,000 posts for 18-24-year-olds.

The initiative, which has either abolished or reduced business rates for 85,199
firms, is costing £131million to run in 2011-12, saving firms an average of
£1,537.

Mr Macintosh said his proposal, known as the Next Generation Jobs Grant, would
create 20,153 jobs at a public subsidy of £6,500 per post. Jobs would be for a
minimum of 25 hours a week and would pay higher than the national minimum wage.

Business group CBI Scotland and the Federation of Small Businesses are not in
favour of the proposal, however. impact

Mr Macintosh, MSP for Eastwood, said: "The small business bonus scheme costs
£131million a year but there is no way to quantify the economic impact.

"I want to impose conditions on the payment that would encourage businesses to
take on young people."

Stephen Boyd, assistant secretary of the Scottish Trades Union Congress (STUC),
recently told MSPs the rate rebate scheme was "money wasted" and should be
directed to something that would make a difference.

CBI Scotland's assistant director, David Lonsdale, said: "Youth unemployment has
swollen and Mr Macintosh is right that it needs to be tackled. However we do not
agree with his proposal to scrap the rates discount for small firms."

Education Secretary Mike Russell said: "The small business bonus scheme is an
important part of this government's work to accelerate economic growth.

"We have no plans to change it," he added.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2011 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           November 15, 2005 Tuesday

Grant County economy on right track, officials say

BYLINE: Thomas J. Baird

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 927 words


Sun-News bureau chief

Grant County business officials said Monday that the region's economy is on the
right track and that Gov. Bill Richardson and state Economic Development
Department officials are helping by being proactive.

In the first two quarters of the year, the Silver City MainStreet Project has
seen a net increase of three new businesses in the Historic Downtown District,
but MainStreet Manager Frank Milan said he expects the final two quarters of the
year to produce an even rosier picture.

"The state MainStreet program has basically rebuilt itself in the past two and a
half years," Milan said Monday.

"It has become one of the important successful programs of the Economic
Development Department in terms of rural recovery and rural development."

Milan noted the number of towns participating in the program has grown to 25.

"There were eight that were added last year, on the initiative of both the
governor and the Legislature," he said. "What has been able to happen now is
more services are being able to be delivered to the programs in each of the
towns. We don't receive any funding directly from the state MainStreet program,
but we receive services."

Milan said those services, which include design help, urban design development,
organizational and promotional services for events and graphics services for
marketing, are very important to local programs.

"So we're very happy here in Silver City that whatever we've been able to get
together to request, they've been able to provide the services," he said. "And
other communities have gone more sophisticated into programs like the complete
assessment of the economic development status of the Historic Downtown District
in their community; and also other people have worked toward creating a
metropolitan redevelopment area, which is a particular funding mechanism."

Milan said both Farmington and Clovis have participated in such projects. He
added that there's no question that all these economic development changes have
taken place since the governor has been in office.

"The thing that I say about our governor is that this is a proactive governor
and he knows it's the fifth largest state in the country and he goes to the
corners," said Milan. "So this is important to have connection between the state
government and the municipalities and the counties. In a lot of ways, the
governor is restructuring the way capital outlay financing happens in the state
now."

In the past, Milan noted, there had been concerns that economic development
funds that had been allocated, had not been spent on projects and programs.

"So the state government, responding to the leadership of the governor, has said
we need to move these projects along, or else we need to put sunset onto the
fact that the money's been allocated and get it back into the state budget and
get it out to do some work in some place where people will actually spend the
money and complete the project that they've proposed to do. So there's a new
limit on capital outlay funds of a three to five year range depending on what
type of fund it is."

Linda McArthur, acting executive director of the Silver City-Grant County
Economic Development corporation, SIGRED, agreed Monday that the governor was
taking the initiative on economic issues.

"Our county has seen more of the state government since Richardson's been in
office," McArthur said Monday. "We've seen more of a presence of members of the
Economic Development Department."

But McArthur believes the governor has also moved broadly, even across
international boundaries, in his approach to economic development.

"I can tell you from a state perspective, the governor has really stressed the
importance of international trade," she said. "Specifically with Mexico. One of
the first things he did was develop the Mexico Chihuahua Commission and they
worked on all types of issues for both states."

McArthur said with cross-border trade being such a big issue, SIGRED has been
contacting vendors for the Electrolux Corporation, which recently built a large
manufacturing plant in Juarez, Mexico.

"We've contacted vendors who have been looking at moving to Mexico or New
Mexico," she said. "Three of those have moved to Santa Teresa and we have had a
site visit from one of those vendors, so we're tying in to that initiative."

Laurie Pankie, acting director of the Silver City-Grant County Chamber of
Commerce, said Monday that the Richardson administration has brought change.

"They've had a lot of conferences, informational gatherings and events for the
public that we have attended and found helpful," she said. I believe he is
reaching out to help and I believe our economy is on the rise. Obviously Phelps
Dodge is on the rise, but you've noticed quite a bit of new businesses coming
into town and our membership is at an all-time high, which leads me to believe
there are more businesses out there to join."

Chamber Board President Patrick Conlin agreed.

"I think Richardson is a big fan of Silver City and he has given us a lot of
support," Conlin said. "I think it's important to have the administration behind
you, but a lot of the work is done here. As a Realtor, I see the residential
demand is so high, it's only a matter of time before we see the commercial
economic impact start to increase, because there's so much activity with people
moving here. We're just at the tip of the iceberg on our tourism impact, because
we're still undiscovered in some ways."

Thomas J. Baird can be reached at tbaird@scsun-news.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sun-News photo by Thomas J. Baird; Frank Milan, manager of the Silver
City MainStreet Project, said Monday he believes governor Richardson is moving
with strength on issues of economic development.

                      Copyright 2005 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            December 22, 2013 Sunday

Kansas universities point to economic impact of research on medicine,
agriculture

BYLINE: Megan Hart.

megan.hart@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 924 words


Kansas' universities unveiled research initiatives that could change how
vehicles gas up and diabetes is treated, hopefully while growing the economy at
the same time.

Joe Monaco, associate director of strategic communications for The University of
Kansas, said the role of research universities is evolving, with more emphasis
on economic development in addition to teaching, conducting research and
providing services such as medical care.

KU recently added the number of startups created and innovations brought to
market to its list of metrics the Board of Regents uses to judge how well it is
performing, Monaco said, and thus far 24 companies have been started with the
university and private partners.

University research also has had an economic impact when companies license the
right to use KU's innovations in their work, Monaco said. KU has 159 license
agreements, which brought in about $12 million in fiscal year 2013, he said.

"KU has made innovation, entrepreneurship and economic development one of our
top priorities," he said.

One of the most recent KU-related start-ups, Likarda, opened in July. Karthik
Ramachandran and his Ph.D. mentor Lisa Stehno-Bittel developed a method of
growing cells to create miniature organs that contain the different types of
cells found in animal tissues. Pharmaceutical companies already have made grants
for the research because of its potential for testing drugs, Ramachandran said,
and the organs could treat or cure diseases in both humans and animals.

"It won't look like a miniature pancreas, but it functions like an organ," he
said.

Likarda is focused on treating diabetes in cats and dogs by growing miniature
pancreatic islets, which produce insulin. The process involves taking healthy
cells from a deceased donor animal, Ramachandran said, creating the miniature
islets they have dubbed "Kanslets" and injecting them into the recipient animal.
They also are developing a gel that will coat the Kanslets, protecting the
donated cells from the recipient's immune system without the serious side
effects associated with immune-suppressing drugs.

Most animals will be able to go at least one year without insulin injections
after an islet transplant, Ramachandran said. Likarda is working with
veterinarians in the Kansas City area to set up an animal organ donation network
to facilitate transplants, he said.

"Some animals could thrive on it and never need another treatment, but some may
need to come in for a booster," he said.

The idea began with research at KU, Ramachandran said, and the university's
Institute for Advancing Medical Innovation and Bioscience and Technology
Business Center helped to develop a business plan and find a team to support a
startup. He and Stehno-Bittel used their own funds to launch Likarda, and it
became self-supporting and hired three new employees this year, he said.

"I think the most exciting thing is getting to start from scratch," he said.

Research at Kansas State University this year also has shown potential for an
economic impact, including turning agricultural waste and less-valued crops into
replacements for petroleum and even cement.

Praveen Vadlani, associate professor of renewable energy at K-State, is one of a
group of researchers around the country working on a $6.5-million project to
create the next generation of biofuels. The goal is to create biofuels that are
close enough to traditional petroleum-based fuels to substitute for them
completely, unlike corn ethanol, which most vehicles can only use when blended
with gasoline.

The research is in its early stages, Vadlani said, but eventually sorghum and
switchgrass could be used to create forms of diesel, gasoline, jet fuel and
lubricants now made from petroleum.

Switchgrass is attractive because of its physical properties and usefulness in
crop rotation, Vadlani said. Sorghum is grown for animal feed but isn't widely
eaten by people in the United States and needs less water than many other
grains. Before fuels from those crops can make it to market, however,
researchers have to consider economic and environmental factors, as well as how
to make the process as efficient as possible, he said.

"It suits well for the western Kansas agriculture, and it's not competing with
the regular food market," he said. "It's very promising."

Biofuels are just one important area of agricultural research, said John Floros,
dean of the College of Agriculture at K-State. As the world's population grows,
farmers will need to produce more food for humans, animal feed and fiber for
clothing, though inputs like land and water are finite. That means they have to
produce as efficiently as possible and societies need to minimize waste, he
said.

Some K-State projects include improving the system related to wheat, from
genetics in the field to the most efficient baking methods; reducing food loss
in the developing world, where as much as 40 percent of a crop may be lost
before it reaches consumers; coming up with ways to irrigate more efficiently;
and developing strains of sorghum that use less water, particularly for use in
Africa, where people grind it into flour, Floros said.

"Our goal is to make the global food system as efficient, as effective as we
can," he said.

Since agriculture is such a large part of the Kansas economy, research on the
global food system also will have local benefits, both through improving
practices and encouraging young farmers to stay in state, Floros said.

"I think we're the college that's best prepared to help the state with its
economy," he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             March 14, 2017 Tuesday

Lewis University to partner on regional incubator project

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 491 words


Lewis University to partner on regional incubator project

ROMEOVILLE -- Lewis University is partnering with the Des Plaines River Valley
Enterprise Zone to study the creation of a new business incubator for the Will
County area.

The Regional Alliance Business Incubator project will focus on local
entrepreneurs and innovators by assisting them in becoming stronger and
healthier businesses.

"Will County is a great place to do business and the Regional Alliance Business
Incubator program is another great partnership that should further the pipeline
of entrepreneurs emerging right here in our community," said Will County
Executive Larry Walsh. "We have exceptional partners at Lewis University and the
Village of Romeoville who we can work with to bring the knowledge and resources
together to further economic development for our community."

The Des Plaines River Valley Enterprise Zone includes Romeoville, Joliet,
Rockdale, Lockport and Will County. Its board of directors unanimously approved
the first phase of the program, which includes a feasibility study.

If the study yields favorable results, the Alliance Incubator will be housed at
Lewis University's Fitzpatrick House and be funded by the Enterprise Zone along
with in-kind donations by the university.

By using a mix of educational workshops and the university's existing
intellectual, technological, and material resources, the Alliance Incubator aims
to create a state of the art business program. STEM-related, product based, and
information technology companies are at the heart of this initiative.

"We appreciate the Enterprise Zone's assistance on this initiative that shows
great potential for positive economic impact on the region. We look forward to
working with innovative entrepreneurs through the Alliance Incubator,
coordinated by our Lewis University Lowell Stahl Center for Entrepreneurship and
Real Estate," said Dr. David Livingston, President of Lewis University.

Once established, the five first-year tenants will receive mentoring and
strategic coaching, networking opportunities, assistance with loan applications
and venture capital presentations, potential small seed grants, business
training offerings, and faculty expert support during the start up process. In
exchange for these services, the tenants will pay rent and have an expectation
of locating their businesses within the Enterprise Zone boundaries. The program
hopes to graduate these tenants after a two-year stay while accepting five new
tenants each year.

"We're extremely excited that Lewis University is using their resources and
educational expertise to make a direct impact on the county and an investment in
our future," says Romeoville Mayor John Noak. "The Alliance Incubator Program at
Lewis will allow our area to become more competitive in capturing and creating
the companies of the future. Through this joint effort, it is our hope to create
the foundation for tomorrow's advanced careers."

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              515 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Busselton Dunsborough Mail

                                August 29, 2016

Community partnership

BYLINE: Emma Kirk

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 321  words


THE City of Busselton and Rio Tinto have signed a memorandum of understanding
for three years to facilitate a joint focus on community initiatives.

Rio Tinto is one of the regions largest employers with 700 employees based
around the South West making it the company's largest regional hub for FIFO
workers, said City of Busselton mayor Grant Henley.

Mr Henley said Rio Tinto fly their employees directly from the
Busselton-Margaret River Regional Airport to Pilbara based mine sites.

'In its self this is a significant economic driver," he said.

The MOU outlines the intentions of both parties to collaborate on initiatives
that will bring positive outcomes to the community for the next three years.

It is the second time the organisations have signed the MOU which focuses on
family and youth services, community health and wellness, employment generation
and economic stability.

Mr Henley said the community had benefited from Rio Tinto's involvement in arts,
culture, events, youth and family services and indigenous employment.

'They sponsor major events such as CinefestOZ and Sunsmart Ironman which bring
significant economic returns,' he said.

'They help fund the City's Youth Advisory Committee and the employment of a
youth development trainee officer at the City of Busselton.

'They have been involved in various mental health symposiums, indigenous art
exhibitions as well as youth concerts and events.'

Rio Tinto general manager communities Linda Dawson said places that were home to
their fly-in fly-out employees and their families were important to Rio Tinto.

Ms Dawson said they worked closely with local governments, regional development
organisations, industry groups and local stakeholders to find ways to contribute
to robust and sustainable regional communities.

'In 2014 our investment in the region of $221 million contributed to an economic
impact of $116 million, with more than 840 jobs generated,' she said.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                             August 3, 2015 Monday

The art of living

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 912 words


WARREN FEENEY talks to Stephen Wainwright, CEO of Creative New Zealand, about
the arts in Christchurch.

--------------------

What are the conditions for an abundant life, particularly for residents in
Christchurch since February 2011?

For Stephen Wainwright, chief executive of Creative New Zealand, one answer
could be: "I may have no running water but I did have a fantastic experience at
an arts performance this evening."

For a big question about the meaning of life, Wainwright's response may
initially seem a little flippant, but he makes perfectly tangible an important
aspect of the contribution that the arts have made to the recovery of the city
over the past four years.

Wainwright also draws attention to not only the role that arts have to play in
the wellbeing of the city's residents, but also their importance as an agent to
attract people back to the central city and the accompanying social and economic
impacts on Christchurch.

Creative New Zealand has made a significant commitment to the arts. In its
submission to the Christchurch City Council's Long Term Plan, it identified a
series of major funding strategies implemented from 2011: $4.4 million for
Christchurch arts organisations (this included the Christchurch Symphony
Orchestra and Court Theatre); $3.35m in Earthquake Recovery Grants; $1m towards
Christchurch initiatives (for example, BeatBox) and $1m for 62 Christchurch arts
projects and $1.255m for grants through the Creative Communities Scheme. A total
of almost $11m.

How successful has Creative New Zealand been in delivering outcomes for the
arts, the rebuild and the city? In its nationwide survey of participation in
June this year, New Zealanders and the arts: attitudes, attendance and
participation, Christchurch residents' enthusiasm for the arts as central to the
rebuild appeared to have dropped from 73 per cent in support of this principle
in 2011 to 54 per cent in 2014. Yet, the findings also seemed inconclusive with
same poll revealing that participation in the arts over the same period had
increased by 19 per cent.

Certainly, Wainwright believes that as the city council confronts the challenges
of its long-term plan, the arts remain on the radar of residents and
councillors.

"People are very positive about the arts and there is a greater awareness in
Christchurch among residents of the arts' ability to contribute to social
cohesion and the economy of the city," he says.

"In addition, the council has made a commitment to its assets for the arts; the
Christchurch Art Gallery and Town Hall are both big wedges of money, the rebuild
of the new central library is about to start and the Isaac Theatre Royal is
open. There are also transitional arts projects. There is currently a wide
funnel of opportunities for arts events and activities in this transitional
phase. The arts are not operating in an either-or situation. There is a
diversity of approaches and all of these are reaffirming for the city council."

In light of recent debate about the need for a Convention Centre in the central
city, questions have inevitably been raised about the co-location of the
Performing Arts Precinct. Wainwright is objective, yet optimistic about the
Performing Arts Precinct and its role in the inner city as a centre for the arts
and point of difference to attract visitors to Christchurch.

"The blueprint for the rebuild included the performing arts precinct and, in
view of current circumstances, the need for it now is stronger than ever. The
precinct also includes the Isaac Theatre Royal and the Christchurch Town Hall
and collectively they are vital to the central city's future. A vibrant city's
heart is central to a vibrant city."

If there is a noticeable passion in this last comment, it is also evident in
Wainwright's thoughts on Creative New Zealand's immediate support in February
2011 and the art community's response. "I was proud of Creative New Zealand's
response to a situation as far away from business as usual as it could be.
Seeing that it was necessary, CNZ responded in kind and there have been so many
awesome projects take place in Christchurch. All we ever really do at CNZ is
respond to great events from great artists and Christchurch has been blessed by
so many people who have responded so cleverly and creatively in these
circumstances."

Wainwright also commented with enthusiasm about the current exhibition at the
Canterbury Museum Whole House Renew, a project that has seen a house from the
red zone completely rebuilt by craftspeople and artists as new furniture, toys,
musical instruments and more. He cited it as an exhibition that represented a
great outcome for the arts and the city, raising important questions about the
nature of human behaviour. "How do we measure value in our world?"

Wainwright also acknowledged the new opportunities that have emerged for arts
organisations to operate within: "Building coalitions between arts groups and
institutions, sharing resources and supporting one another in new networks.
There is an understanding of what can be achieved together in the arts. The arts
in Christchurch have also encouraged residents to behave and respond differently
to them. Creative New Zealand has more work to do, particularly in getting the
message to the decision- makers to make them realise that the arts can be
transformative. The arts are practical things that make people's lives better.
The nimbleness in how they deliver social and economic outcomes is impressive."

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                             June 4, 2002, Tuesday

Govt gets behind lab

SECTION: BUSINESS Pg. 5; BIZ IT; C

LENGTH: 450 words


The Government has put its weight, and $ 333,000 of its money, behind a new
virtual reality research and development lab at the University of Canterbury.

Professor Tom Furness, virtual reality pioneer and founder of the Christchurch
project's parent HIT Lab in Seattle, said the Government funding represented a
vote of confidence and a shared vision that HIT Lab NZ will become a premier
centre of excellence.

"The eventual outcome will be a more viable New Zealand industry and the huge
economic impact will lift New Zealand into the global marketplace," said Dr
Furness.

The HIT Lab's mandate is to develop leading edge human- computer interfaces to
help drive economic development in Canterbury and New Zealand.

Working in conjunction with industry, the HIT Lab aims to develop new interfaces
to revolutionise the way people think and work with computers.

Economic Development Minister Jim Anderton announced the Government grant on
Friday. It will be overseen by Industry NZ, and comprises a $ 50,000 grant for a
feasibility study plus $ 281,250 from the Sector Initiatives Fund.

The Christchurch lab has evolved from a partnership between the University of
Canterbury, the University of Washington, and Canterbury Development
Corporation.

University of Canterbury pro- vice chancellor (international) Professor John
Raine said the strategic alliance between the founding partners opened a lot of
new doors.

Canterbury Development Corporation's science and technology development adviser,
Larry Podmore, said the project was a perfect vehicle for developing bridges
between academic research and industry, and between New Zealand and
international companies.

"The lab has already proven to be a magnet for collaboration with strong
interest from New Zealand companies and researchers," he said.

Dr Raine welcomed the return to the university of scientist Mark Billinghurst, a
former student of Dr Furness, as an associate professor and director of HIT Lab
NZ. Professor Raine said it was vital for New Zealand to be able to attract top
researchers back to this country.

"We need to bring back talented scientists and engineers to drive our future
research and development efforts and to contribute to economic growth," he said.

Dr Furness said Dr Billinghurst was his "best ever" graduate student.

"In my 36 years of working in this field, Mark Billinghurst is the most
innovative and capable individual I have met," said Dr Furness.

Cyberlaw -- C6

--------------------

CAPTION:

PHOTO: DAVID ALEXANDER Mark Billinghurst, newly appointed head of the HIT Lab NZ
at the University of Canterbury, demonstrates the virtual reality Magic Book he
developed.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 Fairfax New Zealand


                              518 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                        June 27, 2016 Monday 3:48 PM GMT

Liverpool round table to discuss gender equality in business;
Tuesday's event at 60 Hope Street  is part of The Edge - the official fringe
festival of IFB2016

BYLINE: By Tony McDonough

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 393 words


Gender equality in the boardroom is the subject of a round table dinner as part
of The Edge - the official fringe festival of Liverpool's International Festival
for Business 2016 .

The dinner is sponsored by PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), a company committed to
supporting HeForShe - the UN initiative promoting gender equality worldwide ,
and hosted by Liverpool City Region Local Enterprise Partnership (LEP).

Taking place at 60 Hope Street on Tuesday, June 28, attending will be senior
business leaders from companies such as PwC, Trinity Mirror, BAE Systems, KPMG,
Siemens, and Ernst and Young.

Recent high profile research by business advisor Grant Thornton on the economic
impact of gender inequalities in big business around the world reveals that the
profit foregone - the opportunity cost - by companies with male only executive
boards amounts to $(US)74bn in the UK alone.

It also found the overall impact of the FTSE 350 universally moving to mixed
boards could be as high as a three percent boost to GDP nationally.

Robert Hough, chair of Liverpool City Region LEP, said: "We are very much hoping
that those attending this dinner will pledge a commitment to increasing female
board membership by, for example providing more support, mentoring and career
development for young businesswomen.

"By targeting young talent now, and training the next generation of female
executives, we have a much better chance of meeting our aspirations for genuine
and sustainable gender equality in leadership and boardroom positions."

Grant Thornton's Emma Stoddart, partner and head of audit in the North West,
added: "Despite the proven benefits women bring to the boardroom, as highlighted
by our research, a third of businesses still have no women at a senior
management level.

"Since joining Grant Thornton as a trainee 20 years ago I've benefitted from
excellent development opportunities and mentorship along with the flexibility
and support to develop my career while raising a young family.

"Organisations need to do more to ensure they have the right level of
flexibility to allow mothers to enjoy both their career and their family and
allow them to manage the demands that doing both brings.

"I believe that if they do so those mothers will have the same opportunity to
develop as their colleagues and it may result in more women taking up senior
management roles."

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                            May 16, 2001, Wednesday

Cuts strip regional economies

BYLINE: Dorothy Illing

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 314 words


CUTS to university operating grants have stripped millions of dollars from
regional economies, an analysis by the National Tertiary Education Union shows.

It translates falls in the grants of six regional universities into economic
impact.

The NTEU points to declining levels of participation in rural and isolated
areas, where education plays a critical role in regional development.

This falling participation in university education within the regions directly
affects labour markets and population flow, it says.

Every dollar spent on education will generate about $2 in value added throughout
the Australian economy.

For every $1 million of output in education, 35 jobs will be created.

For example, the University of New England in Armidale, northern NSW, has had a
7.7per cent, or $7 million, reduction in its operating grant since 1996.

The NTEU calculates this as a $14 million effect on the local economy, with a
job loss of 245.

"These effects on regional economies are even more critical when considered in
light of the contributions that universities currently make to industries within
their regions," the union says in its submission to the Senate inquiry into
higher education.

"There are over 50 university campuses in regional locations which provide
courses of study and research expertise of direct relevance to economic
activities which are intensive in their regions."

It cites the Kalgoorlie campus of Curtin University and the Gladstone and
Emerald campuses of Central Queensland University and their contribution to the
skills and knowledge in the mining industry.

Similarly, Marcus Oldham College in Geelong and the Roseworthy campus of
Adelaide University support agricultural initiatives.

James Cook contributes significantly to the Great Barrier Reef and ecological
and marine research, the submission says.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2001 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              520 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Where Do Entrepreneurs Work Smart and Live Happy?

LENGTH: 783  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Office of the Governor, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the
following news release:



   Pennsylvania is a place where entrepreneurs and business owners flourish and
succeed -- and State College's recent ranking as one of Entrepreneur magazine's
"Top 15 Best U.S. Cities for Entrepreneurs to Live and Launch" confirms just
that. Listed among other innovation hotbeds, including Boulder, Minneapolis, and
Ann Arbor, State College boasts an 18 percent business growth rate, is home to
Pennsylvania's largest university, Penn State, and is supported by various
programs in the region such as the Ben Franklin TechCelerator @State College.





 Penn State offers a healthy and robust entrepreneurial ecosystem, stemming in
part from its degree offerings like Corporate Innovation and Entrepreneurship.
Another support is the  "Invent Penn State" initiative, launched in 2015 to help
innovators succeed at each stage of the entrepreneurial path. Leveraging Penn
State's size, scope, and research strengths, Invent Penn State is a
commonwealth-wide initiative to spur economic development, job creation, and
student career success, with a focus on bringing intellectual properties to the
marketplace. Penn State President Eric Barron has committed $30 million to this
program, opening 13 entrepreneurship centers in the initiative's first year. And
this is just the beginning -- I can't wait to see its lasting economic impact
across Pennsylvania.



 Further adding the State College's entrepreneur ecosystem the Governor's Action
Team recently worked with Morgan Advanced Materials, a UK-based leader in
engineered carbon and ceramic materials, to announce a partnership with Penn
State that will establish The Carbon Science Center of Excellence (COE). This
site is the first of its kind in the U.S. that will serve as a new research and
development center focused on driving developments in the field of carbon
research. Housed at Penn State's Innovation Park, the Carbon Science Center of
Excellence will support and cultivate the innovative efforts of both Morgan and
Penn State for years to come.



 While State College and Penn State have found success in the center of our
state, I'm proud to say this is only one example of many strong
university-industry collaborations in Pennsylvania. Kern Entrepreneurial
Engineering Network recently awarded Lehigh University in the Lehigh Valley a
$200,000 grant to inspire and encourage an entrepreneurial spirit in
undergraduate engineering students, with an end goal of benefiting society. In
South Central Pennsylvania, Dickinson College runs "The Idea Fund," a
student-led incubator that provides seed money to students to help them
jumpstart change in their communities. And in the Southwestern part of the
state, Carnegie Mellon's Center for Innovation & Entrepreneurship has helped
greenlight more than 1,000 companies across a variety of industries.



 Pennsylvania's support for entrepreneurs goes far beyond our colleges and
universities. My agency, the Department of Community and Economic Development,
offers an extensive and experienced network that can provide assistance at each
step of the entrepreneurial journey:



     Our Small Business Champion Network provides free, practical advice, and
services as the first stop for individuals who have new business ideas.

     The Partnerships for Regional Economic Performance partners are our boots
on the ground; they help companies start, grow, and prosper in their local
communities.

     For entrepreneurs looking to break into new international markets, our
Office of International Business Development is an excellent resource.

     Tech companies will find funding and technical expertise from our Ben
Franklin Technology Partners.

     Our Entrepreneur's Guide is a comprehensive roadmap offering guidance on
everything from business names to growth strategies.

     Last, but certainly not least, even entrepreneurs need some down time to
relax, recharge, pursue their hobbies (or explore new ones!). Here in
Pennsylvania, they can find an unparalleled mix of urban, historic, and outdoor
adventures awaiting them. It truly is a wonderful place to work smart and live
happy.



 All corners of our state offer vibrant communities and business assistance
resources that are ready to bring your big idea to life. Learn how our talent
can be the building blocks of your future. Check out our business assistance
page for more information on the resources available to you, and follow us on
Twitter (@PADCEDnews) for funding, grant announcements, and all Pennsylvania
news.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            November 21, 2016 Monday
                                 CITY-D Edition

William Penn Foundation giving $100 million to remake city parks, libraries, and
rec centers

BYLINE: By Tricia L. Nadolny; Staff Writer

SECTION: front_page; P-com News; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1128 words


Mayor Kenney's bold initiative to revitalize the city's parks, libraries, and
recreation centers as a way to fight poverty and strengthen neighborhoods is
receiving a major lift - up to $100 million from the William Penn Foundation.

The grant is the largest in the foundation's history, nearly four times bigger
than any it has given before. In a single swoop, it covers one-fifth of the
overall cost of the program, known as Rebuild.

"We want to provide opportunity for all Philadelphia citizens, from the youngest
children all the way to the most senior citizens, to come together, to get to
know one another," said Janet Haas, chair of the foundation's board of
directors. "Particularly in these times in our country, it's even more
important."

The gift, which will be formally announced at a news conference Monday, is a
significant vote of confidence from the city's largest philanthropy at a
critical time in the launch of Rebuild. City officials are deep in planning the
project and are expected to seek City Council approval of the first of three
$100 million bonds early next year.

The program will mean improvements ranging from face-lifts to brand-new
facilities at scores of parks, recreation centers, and libraries - city assets
that have fallen into deep disrepair due to budget constraints.

Some parks haven't seen new equipment or substantial upkeep of the old for more
than 20 years. And neighborhood libraries last received new paint, lights, and
computers two decades ago. Eight branches remained closed last summer because
the air-conditioning did not work.

While at a basic level Rebuild will provide for those infrastructure
improvements, city officials and leaders at William Penn see the potential for a
broader social and economic impact. They point to the jobs the projects will
create, the increased community engagement the process will foster, and the
sorely needed services that will be available at the finished facilities.

Rebuild is meant to work in tandem with expanded early childhood education,
another Kenney initiative. Officials have said prekindergarten facilities could
be housed in the improved facilities.

"It doesn't just rebuild rec centers," Brian Abernathy, the city's first deputy
managing director, said of the effort. "It rebuilds communities. It rebuilds
neighborhoods. And it rebuilds an economic base that has been lacking in this
city for decades."

The six-year program has a $500 million price tag: $300 million in bonds, $120
million from foundations and private donors, $32 million in state and federal
funds, and $48 million in city capital funds.

The lion's share of the William Penn grant is contingent on the city taking out
bonds for its portion. About $4.8 million has already been given and is being
used in the planning phases. An additional $20.2 million of the total is
structured to help draw in more philanthropic and public funding, with $1 given
for every $2 raised.

Shawn McCaney, the foundation's interim executive director, said the
organization would help in the fund-raising. He called Rebuild an "unprecedented
and once-in-a-generation opportunity" and said it could become a national model
for data-driven community reinvestment, which could spur support from national
donors.

Kenney praised the foundation and said Rebuild resonates with some of its core
focuses including sustainability, infrastructure, and youth.

"They really believe in what we're doing," Kenney said. "And that's gratifying.
And it's also energizing and it makes you want to continue to work harder."

William Penn, with about $2 billion in assets, is among the largest
philanthropic organizations in the country. It is the legacy of the Haas family
and was started by Otto Haas, the German-born cofounder of the Rohm & Haas
chemical company, and his wife, Phoebe, in 1945.

For decades the foundation has been behind the remaking of some of
Philadelphia's most significant public spaces - Logan Circle, the Delaware River
Waterfront, the Schuylkill River Trail, and Dilworth Park, to name a few.

Haas said the foundation in recent years has broadened its focus outside of
Center City. She said Rebuild is a natural extension of that effort.

Still, she said the decision to give such a sizable amount was difficult.

"Although we were excited about the potential, it wasn't an easy sell for the
board in that we knew that it was risky and that it was going to be big," Haas
said. "If we were going to take a stake in it we knew we wanted to take a big
one."

She said board members asked "countless questions" to vet the project and
described herself as a skeptic during the process, wanting to understand how the
city would define success and the likelihood of achieving it. After going
through those steps, she said, the size of the grant can be viewed as a sign of
the foundation's deep confidence in the plan and the people behind it.

In weighing the final figure, Haas said she also considered other large grants
the foundation has given in the past, then considered the possibility to make a
citywide impact with Rebuild.

"I had a sense this would be about right," she said of the amount. "It's a
stretch. You really have to hold your breath to do this. But it's the right
thing to do. . . . It's out of the comfort zone. But big things always are."

With the big donation, Haas said the foundation is also anticipating a big
impact and plans to remain invested in the process to help see that happen. She
said she has toured many of the facilities Rebuild would revitalize and seen how
they are lacking. A visit to one South Philly rec center several years ago
stands out in her memory.

The facility was locked when her group arrived. After tracking down the key,
Haas said, she was struck with the feeling that the building wasn't even worth
locking.

"There was no point," she said. "It was vandalized on the outside. There had
been a basketball hoop, but there was basically nothing left. There was a puddle
on the floor, and buckets. And it hadn't just been raining."

Haas said Rebuild could remake those public spaces into vibrant community hubs.
She and McCaney added that the process of doing so is, in their eyes, almost as
important as the end result. City officials have said community input will be
central in developing specific projects, so the new facilities fit the
communities' needs.

"We used to think you use the engagement process to deliver a physical thing,"
McCaney said. "Now we think that it's actually the reverse. That the park is a
platform for engagement. That the process leading to the park is an engagement
process. And that, if you . . . do it right, folks feel like they own that
space, they respect it, they steward it, and that there's ongoing engagement
beyond."

tnadolny@phillynews.com

215-854-2730@TriciaNadolny

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: AP Photo/Matt Rourke

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 19, 2015 Saturday

A 'living lab' as test bed for water and green technologies

BYLINE: Chia Yan Min

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 388 words


Sembcorp Industries' facilities here will be Singapore's first industrial
"living laboratory" for test-bedding water and environmental technologies.

The company has entered into a partnership with the Economic Development Board
(EDB) to grant firms providing these technologies access to its proprietary
wastewater treatment and waste-to-energy facilities on Jurong Island.

Companies will be able to use the facilities to conduct research and development
in areas such as smart water systems.

Sembcorp and EDB will also jointly invest up to a total of $8 million to support
the commercialisation of research and development projects in the water and
environmental fields.

Proposals from companies which provide these technologies will be jointly
evaluated by Sembcorp and EDB for their scalability, technological merits and
economic impact.

Sembcorp's researchers and engineers will then work with successful applicants
to test-bed their new technologies in actual industrial settings.

'GLOBAL HYDROHUB' BOOST

It is also aligned with Singapore's aspiration to be a living lab where
companies can develop, test and commercialise urban solutions in a real-life
setting before scaling up for the region and beyond.''

EDB ASSISTANT MANAGING DIRECTOR LIM KOK KIANG, on the initiative by Sembcorp
Industries

If the technologies are successful, they could be deployed in Sembcorp's global
operations.

This will give smaller players which do not own any infrastructure the chance to
scale up their technologies and develop a track record, Sembcorp said yesterday.

"As a global water and energy company with a rich history of being technology-
and innovation- driven, we hope that we will be able to contribute towards
raising the profile of Singapore as a hub for applied R&D, and at the same time,
support the long-term growth of the water and energy sectors," said Sembcorp
group president and chief executive Tang Kin Fei.

EDB assistant managing director Lim Kok Kiang said the initiative will
strengthen Singapore's position as a "global hydrohub" and provide another
pathway to commercialise water research investments.

"It is also aligned with Singapore's aspiration to be a living lab where
companies can develop, test and commercialise urban solutions in a real-life
setting before scaling up for the region and beyond," he added.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      November 18, 2012 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

HHS Celebrates 25 Years for the Office of Rural Health Policy

LENGTH: 556  words


New Delhi, Nov. 18 -- The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS)
today observes National Rural Health Day and celebrates the 25th anniversary of
the establishment of the Office of Rural Health Policy (ORHP). Created in 1987
under the Social Security Act, ORHP advises the Secretary on HHS policies
impacting rural health and works with state and local partners to enhance
delivery of services to 62 million residents living in rural communities.



"The Office of Rural Health Policy is the voice of rural America within HHS,"
said Secretary Kathleen Sebelius. "Their relationship with officials and
providers within these communities offers us a better understanding of needs on
the ground and informs the decisions we make at the Federal level."

Housed within the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA), ORHP
provides grants to 50 State Offices of Rural Health and community-based
programs, and provides technical assistance to small rural hospitals. In
addition to practical tools that rural communities can use to improve their
health systems, ORHP supports research and analysis of key policy issues at the
local level.

Sponsored by the National Organization for State Offices of Rural Health
(NOSORH), National Rural Health Day is observed on the third Thursday of every
November and recognizes the strength and spirit of rural America. It showcases
the efforts of rural healthcare providers, State Offices of Rural Health and
other rural community leaders to meet local health needs.

"There are so many challenges in rural communities," said HRSA Administrator
Mary K. Wakefield, PhD, RN. "With an aging population suffering from a greater
number of chronic conditions and larger percentages of under- and uninsured
citizens than urban areas, access to vital health care services and health care
providers is a critical issue in these areas."

The Affordable Care Act expands access to health insurance for uninsured rural
populations through better access to Medicaid and tax credits to help pay for
insurance. Last year, the President initiated the White House Rural Council to
ensure that Cabinet-level Departments work across government to strengthen rural
communities and promote economic growth.

"In many cases, rural hospitals are the economic foundation of their communities
in addition to being the primary providers of care," said Tom Morris, Associate
Administrator of the Office of Rural Health Policy. "It's our mission to help
them keep their doors open and provide quality care to their communities."

Recent developments and achievements:

* Improving Rural Health Care Initiative. Implemented by the White House in
2010, the initiative aims to improve coordination of rural health activities
across HHS and other Federal Departments and broaden use of best practices
through the Rural Assistance Center.

* Economic Impact Analysis Tool. Created by the Rural Assistance Center with
support from ORHP, the tool aids spending decisions at the local level by
calculating the impact of healthcare investments on local economies.

* Medicare Beneficiary Quality Improvement Project. Voluntary participation of
more than 80% of Critical Access Hospitals to improve quality reporting and
identify best practice solutions that improve quality outcomes.

For more information, please visit http://www.hrsa.gov/ruralhealth

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Collie Mail

                                  May 24, 2016

$3.1 million to combat drug use and crime

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 245  words


The State Government has provided $3.1 million for 21 crime prevention and
support initiatives.

The latest round of funding from the Criminal Property Confiscation Grants
Program focuses on victims of family violence, disabled citizens, young people,
the elderly and indigenous Western Australians.

One-third of programs set to receive funding aimed to combat the level of drugs
and alcohol, antisocial behaviour and crime in indigenous communities.

$200,000 would be given to the Alcohol and Drug Service to implement a new
service model for Wooree Miya refuge for aboriginal women and children fleeing
family violence.

Recipients also include $200,000 for My Place Foundation for a training program
to identify drug and crime risks and develop safeguards for people with
disability.

Attorney General Michael Minschin said the funding for local government and
not-for-profit groups would help support communities across WA.

"Prevention and early intervention, reducing reoffending, preventing antisocial
behaviour and addressing and reducing drug and alcohol-related crime by
indigenous young people are key priorities for this government," he said.

"These programs have the potential to deliver significant benefits to each
participant as well as reducing the social, emotional, cultural and economic
impact of crime.

The Attorney General said the remaining 14 grants supported a diverse range of
community members, from people with disability to victims of family violence.'

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

Policy Dialogue on Language begins at HEC

SECTION: Vol. 39 No. 295

LENGTH: 853  words


A three-day conference 'Policy Dialogue on Language' jointly organized by the
Department of Humanities and Social Sciences, Air University and Higher
Education Commission (HEC) began here on Tuesday.

Zaffar Nasrullah, Additional Secretary, Capital Administration and Development
Division (CADD) addressing the event as a chief guest said that discussing a
language is always a sensitive issue as it involves sentiments, culture and
ethnicity.

He said the world nations, whether German, French, Bengalis, or Hindus, have
their own languages and they promote them in different manners.

He said that Urdu and English are common languages spoken in Pakistan, and Urdu
apart from being a vital language, is also an important element of national
integrity.

Terming 'E-language' a new language in the modern world, he called for adopting
a pragmatic approach towards the linguistic development in the country.

He appreciated HEC and Air University for their initiative and endeavours to
preserve the national values.

Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Arshad Ali Executive Director HEC stressed the
need for promoting use of Urdu in general discussions, meetings, conferences and
seminars to give it a righteous status.

He maintained that a practical approach is necessary to implement any policy.
'We need to act in by practical terms being mentally convinced, emotionally
attached and intentionally prepared to do what we think,' he emphasized.

Referring to the Supreme Court order, he said that National Language Authority,
Federal Urdu University, provincial education departments and experts of
languages serving in language departments of different universities should also
be involved in the brainstorming process so as to benefit from their
experiences.

He urged the participants to look into the international trends pertaining to
languages so that the young generation could keep pace with the world.

Dr. Arshad held out assurance that HEC will extend cooperation in fulfillment of
research requirements and policy implementation to every move meant for
promotion of the national language.

Mentioning HEC initiatives for promotion of Social Sciences in the country, he
said HEC Thematic Research Grant has also been increased. 'The grant has been
increased to 300 million rupees and promotion of languages has also a
significant part in it,' he informed.

In her opening remarks earlier, Dr. Wasima Shahzad Dean, Faculty of Social
Sciences, Air University said that language is a tool to express one's identity
and represent one's social and economic fabric, adding that it builds emotions
and creates art and literature.

Shedding light on the significance of national language, Urdu, she described
various lingual differences and lingual movements witnessed in Pakistan in the
past years.

She also dilated different factors associated with languages considering them a
matter of 'shame or pride'. 'No language is uncivilized, rather all languages
have their own beauty,' she asserted.

She said that it is a high time to rediscover the nation and promote national
language. She urged the conference participants to raise issues pertaining to
the topic during the three-day activity, brainstorm problems and sort out
solutions to them.

While elaborating the purpose of the conference, Dr.  Zafarullah Qureshi said
that the Dialogue is a move that eyes change in the entire linguistic landscape.

He added that it aims at bringing linguists and experts together to contemplate
over the hurdles lying in execution of the Supreme Court order of implementing
Urdu as an official language.

He hoped that the policy guidelines finalized in the Dialogue will prove to be
helpful in devising a comprehensive national language policy to execute the SC
order. He vowed that the Air University will continue to support the Government
in implementing its policies.

Dr. Swathi M. Vanniarajan, Professor Psycholinguistics at San Jose State
University, California, USA was the keynote speaker. He highlighted the
importance of language policy for a nation.

He said that language policy has far-reaching social, educational and economic
impacts. He continued to say that language policy is inclusive and it gives
identity to a nation, helps increasing literacy rate, develops lingual
uniformity, and increases access to education.

He added that many high achievers are bi or trilingual, stressing the importance
of knowing more than one language.

The first and second days of the conference are reserved for Focused Group
Sessions engaging national and international scholars from academia, media, law,
banking, aviation, governmental organizations and other institutions to provide
policy recommendations in respect of the status of English, Urdu and regional
languages in Pakistan.

On the third day, recommendations and a detailed report will be drafted. This
international conference is part of the 'Emerging Trends of Researching
Language, Linguistics and Literature' held by Air University last year in which
Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed, Chairman, HEC had proposed conducting of a dialogue with
respect to the status of English, Urdu and regional languages in Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

GOVERNOR'S RACE;
Deal puts emphasis on more computer programming courses

BYLINE: Greg Bluestein, Janel Davis; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 867 words



HIGHLIGHT: Democrat: Policy proposal won't help students in rural areas.


Gov. Nathan Deal pledged a retooling of the state's education system on Monday
that would better prepare Georgia students for computer programming courses as
high-paying jobs increasingly demand highly technical skills.

The governor's policy proposal would allow students who take computer
programming courses to get core credit for their high school diplomas and toward
higher education applications. Most of those courses now are considered
electives in Georgia high schools.

Deal, who outlined the plan in a sparkling new Georgia Tech computing center,
said recruiters have heard a common refrain from firms looking to move or expand
their business here: "They need more computer programmers and software
developers, and they need to begin teaching students before they head to
college."

The proposal comes less than three months before voters head to the polls to
decide whether Deal gets another term in office. He faces Democrat Jason Carter,
an Atlanta state senator who says Deal has failed to adequately focus on
education.

"It's not a bad idea, but after years of shortchanging our schools by billions
of dollars, Gov. Deal will need more than small-bore election-year promises to
show he's interested in helping students," Carter spokesman Bryan Thomas said.
"This will do little to help the students in rural schools who don't have
adequate computers or Internet connections."

A 'carrot' for computer courses

The governor has outlined few specifics about how he would improve education if
given a second term, beyond a vow to recalculate Georgia's decades-old school
funding formula and a pledge to give top teachers a pay raise. Much of his focus
has been on a program called the Complete College Georgia Initiative to boost
the number of college graduates.

It's estimated that by 2020 about 60 percent of jobs in the state will require
some form of college degree or certificate beyond a high school diploma, but
only about 42 percent of young Georgians currently have those credentials. Deal
has pledged to increase the state's college completion numbers and produce an
additional 250,000 college graduates by 2020.

Deal said more than half of the state's projected job growth in science,
technology, engineering and math fields will require computer programming
skills. In contrast, he said, less than 1 percent of all students take advanced
placement computer science courses.

"While these high-paying jobs are available," Deal said, "few Georgia students
actually learn these valuable skills."

The governor is the first to say he's no technology savant (he often calls a
certain social media platform "tweeter" and compared computer programming to a
foreign language). But he points to education advisers who have helped devise
the plan, including Chris Klaus, a tech entrepreneur who was tapped to serve on
a state higher education commission.

Klaus, a key Georgia Tech benefactor, said the move would give students a new
"carrot" to take complicated courses --- and teachers an incentive to teach
them.

"We are on the cutting edge of putting Georgia on the map from a technology
standpoint," said Klaus, whose name adorns the new science center where the
announcement was made.

Deal's proposal would require little money --- his office said it had no
estimate --- and approval from the state Board of Education and the Board of
Regents. The outcome is not in doubt; the governor appoints members to both
those panels.

Incremental initiatives

The move comes as the governor unveils incremental initiatives targeting
specific groups of students and career paths.

The governor this summer promised a more streamlined process for the estimated
1.2 million young Georgians with college credits to go back to school, and he
expanded grant funding for students majoring in high-demand fields. He also
trumpeted a new military academic center close to Robins Air Force Base to train
and educate veterans on new skills.

Higher education officials also expect Deal to expand a program that provides
grant funding for students majoring in high-demand fields to include courses in
the film industry. His office recently reported that the film industry generated
a $5.1 billion economic impact during the last fiscal year.

Much of the campaign rhetoric on higher education, though, has focused on
changes to the HOPE scholarship that once cut HOPE awards for all but the top
students. Some of the cuts were eventually restored, allowing students with
lower grade-point averages to still benefit from state program.

Deal has long said those initial cuts "saved" the HOPE Scholarship, whose
lottery-backed funding he feared couldn't keep up with growing enrollment.
Carter says Deal's changes failed, and the Democrat has sponsored legislation
that would restore an income cap on HOPE recipients.

The two campaigns have also clashed on how to boost funding for k-12 education.

Deal promises to redirect school funding to where it's most needed and points to
this year's budget, which includes an increase of more than $300 million in
school funding. Carter said Deal has "dismantled" the education system by not
reversing austerity cuts to education dating to 2003, though he won't say
specifically how he'll fill that gap.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              527 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Albany Herald (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Southwest Georgia receives $14.3 million in U.S. Department of Agriculture
funding

BYLINE: The Albany Herald, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 463 words


Sept. 13--WASHINGTON -- U.S. Rep. Sanford D. Bishop, D-Albany, announced that
the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development Agency has approved $14.3
million in project development grants and loans to five recipients in Southwest
Georgia.

The recipients are the Fort Gaines Police Department, the Ellaville Police
Department, Pataula Charter Academy, the Development Authority of Macon County
and South Georgia Technical College, a news release from Bishop's office said.

"The grants and loans awarded by the Rural Development agency will be extremely
beneficial for the 2nd Congressional District of Georgia," he said. "These
resources will be used to improve educational training, increase the use of
green technology and replace outdated equipment."

Pataula Charter Academy in Edison will receive a $14 million community facility
direct loan in order to build a new educational facility and multipurpose
building. The state-commissioned charter school serves Baker, Calhoun, Clay,
Early and Randolph counties, and includes grades K-12.

The Development Authority of Macon County will receive a $99,000 rural business
development grant to purchase a flying saw that will be leased to Enviro
Builders, a company focused on constructing green insulated panels for net-zero
energy housing.

The city of Fort Gaines will receive an economic impact initiative grant of
$50,000 and a community facility loan of $26,800 in order to purchase two new
police vehicles for its police department. The city of Ellaville was also
awarded a grant of $29,500 and a loan totaling $9,900 under the Community
Facility Loan and Grant Program to purchase a new fully-equipped patrol vehicle.

South Georgia Technical College in Americus will receive a rural business
development grant totaling $99,000 to upgrade the college's truck driving
simulator. Students enrolled in the institution's Commercial Truck Driving
Program will benefit from the updated tractor trailers and cabs.

The USDA Rural Development Agency provides both technical assistance and loans,
grants and loan guarantees to support essential services in rural communities.
The support is used to help communities with housing, economic development,
health care, first responder services and equipment, as well as water, electric
and communications infrastructure.

Stay Informed

Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup.

Error! There was an error processing your request.

Breaking News Alerts

Get Breaking News alerts from Albany Herald delivered to your email.

Local Newsletter

Local news headlines from Albany Herald.

Sports Newsletter

Sports headlines from Albany Herald.

Manage your lists

___ (c)2016 The Albany Herald, Ga. Visit The Albany Herald, Ga. at
www.albanyherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160913-1AH-Southwest-Georgia-receives-14.3-million-in-U-S-Department-of-Agricu
lture-funding-0913-20160913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AH


                        Copyright 2016 The Albany Herald


                              528 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                          November 11, 2015 Wednesday

JPMorgan Chase gives grant to local startup incubator

BYLINE: Quincy Hodges, Reporter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 307  words


JPMorgan Chase & Co. has given Propeller a $125,000 grant to fund the
incubator's work toward creating a thriving water industry within the New
Orleans region through its accelerator programs.

"This investment in Propeller will have a meaningful impact on our region's
environment and will strengthen our local economy," said John Kallenborn, head
of Chase Commercial Banking in Louisiana.

Chase's commitment is part of a nationwide Small Business Forward initiative, a
five-year, $30 million program to boost small businesses by creating and
preserving jobs in low-income communities and for vulnerable populations.

As small business owners across the country are faced with challenges including
a lack of access to networks and markets, capital and management skills that
help them grow their businesses, Small Business Forward seeks to provide
entrepreneurs with crucial resources to help them sustainably grow their
companies and generate economic growth in their communities.

A year ago, Chase announced four local grants totaling $500,000 to fund the
growth of the health sciences and biomedical industries.

Chase's latest commitment follows the U.S. Small Business Administration's
$50,000 award to Propeller's accelerator programs.

Propeller's accelerator is one of 80 national awards to business accelerators
across the country and one of three in New Orleans through the SBA's second
annual Growth Accelerator Fund Competition.

"SBA supports organizations like Propeller that help startups grow, become
commercially viable, and have a real and sustained economic impact on their
community," SBA Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet said.

To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here.

http://www.neworleanscitybusiness.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           September 18, 2011 Sunday

OIL SPILL UPDATE - FACTS, FIGURES - AND PERSPECTIVE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 11D

LENGTH: 937 words


A year after the Deepwater Horizon well gushed 5 million barrels of oil - more
than 200 million gallons - into the Gulf of Mexico, the beaches of northwest
Florida are again pristine, tourism business has returned, and BP has paid out
more than $2 billion in Florida damage claims. But the spill's aftermath still
includes plenty of loose ends, starting with unsettled claims and extending to
the lack of a full understanding of the spill's environmental impact, which may
take years to assess. Here's an update.

* * *

One year later: the tourism picture

Tourist development council directors along the Panhandle coast are reporting
encouraging statistics this year during the peak summer season.

Escambia County: Bed tax returns for October through May are up 12 percent from
their best year ever, 2006.

Santa Rosa County: May bed tax numbers are up 25 percent from a year ago, 12.3
percent from 2009.

Okaloosa County: Numbers in April and May surpassed those same months in 2008,
2009 and 2010.

Walton County: May's bed tax gain over a year ago was 15 percent.

Bay County: Bed tax revenue in May was up 4.46 percent from a year earlier.

"The oil spill discussion is over. Everybody knows the beaches are clean," says
Marty McDaniel, who runs Oaseas Resorts, a company managing 3,000 condominium
units in Bay and Walton counties. His sales are up 45 percent from a year ago,
and bookings for June and July put occupancy over 90 percent. For McDaniel and
many other businesses along the coast, however, here's the rub: "The additional
traffic is not going to make up for losses of last year - we figured losses at
$2 million. That's a big pill to swallow.'' Oaseas is still in negotiations with
BP over a final resolution of its claim.

* * *

What about the Tampa Bay area?

Pinellas County: Bed tax revenues for May were $2.22 million, up 13.6 percent
from a year earlier.

* * *

Money spilled far from the direct hit

The largest category of BP payments in Florida, at $2 billion, has been to
individuals and businesses affected economically by the oil spill. The
distribution of the payments reflects the fact that while 98 percent of the oil
and residue that flowed onto Florida beaches from the accident landed on the
shores of Escambia County, the economic impact spilled all along the gulf, most
heavily on the counties of northwest Florida but extending all the way to
Collier and Lee counties, where tourism-related businesses suffered from
travelers' fears about possible contamination. "Perception is the biggest
challenge," said Craig Savage, director of media relations and communications
for the Florida BP Gulf Coast Restoration Organization. BP has made payments
through the Gulf Coast Claims Facility.

* * *

Environmental impact - jury's still out

It could take 20 years to learn whether Florida's gulf waters and the life they
nurture have recovered completely from the disaster, said Ross Ellington,
associate vice president of research at Florida State University and chairman of
the Florida Oil Spill Academic Task Force. What we need to know is whether any
damage inflicted at the base of the gulf food chain will negatively affect
marine life, especially the foods we harvest, he said.

"A major focus is to be able to develop predictive sorts of models as to how to
respond the next time it happens,"Ellington said. "For example, was it the right
thing to do to use dispersants?" Florida universities and their research teams
are seeking answers, pursuing dozens of projects funded by millions of dollars
in grants, much of the money provided by BP but also coming from other national
research organizations. Among initiatives:

-The Florida Institute of Oceanography, a consortium of 20 research centers
including 16 Florida universities, has financed 27 projects through a $10
million grant from BP.

-The National Science Foundation awarded 20 grants to Florida researchers for
oil spill work.

-BP has created a multistate Gulf of Mexico Research Initiative and will invest
$500 million over 10 years, of which $50 million is already allocated; it is
soliciting proposals for research.

* * *

Payments cover governments' expenses

BP payments totaled $2.2 billion as of July 21. Here's the breakdown:

Claims payments to individuals and businesses $2.0 billion

Government payments $82 million

Cleanup vessels $73 million

Tourism payments $42 million

Research payments $10 million

Natural resource damage assessment payments $8 million

Seafood testing/marketing $5 million

Behavioral health $3 million

Contributions $300,000

* * *

Top payouts went to northwest Florida

Local governments received $31.9 million as of July 21 to cover spill-related
response, removal or increased public service costs. Nearly the entire amount
went to five counties in northwest Florida. No county in other parts of Florida
collected more than the $172,000 paid to Pinellas.

Top amounts:

Escambia County: $9.6 million

Bay County: $9.0 million

Walton County: $5.3 million

Okaloosa County: $3.9 million

Franklin County: $2.0 million

* * *

Last year

"I came out here on June 23rd. It was a Wednesday, and I couldn't find a speck
of white sand for 60 feet inshore. We had daily cleanup for the next three
months."

Buck Lee, executive director of the Santa Rosa Island Authority, which manages
the Pensacola Beach community

* * *

Today

"Everything's gorgeous. Our business since February has been back to better than
it's ever been. They come every morning to see if any tar balls came ashore; on
the 8 miles, they might occasionally get 5 pounds a mile.''

Buck Lee

Times Publishing's Florida Trend magazine comes out monthly. Visit
floridatrend.com to read more about Florida business.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Associated Press, EDMUND D. FOUNTAIN - Times (2): June 2010;
August 2011; Kevin Reed, 36, of Pensacola, above left, cries at the sight of
oil-defiled sand June 23, 2010, on Pensacola Beach. "This will never be the
same," he said. But little more than a year later, right, on Aug. 28, tourists
were enjoying the Panhandle beach's surf and pristine sand. Gulf Coast towns
have rebounded following harrowing months of tar balls, crude oil sheen and
cleanup crews that ruined the views for any would-be sunbathers. GRAPH, MAP -
Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Windham Wood Heat Initiative helps Academy save 15k gallons of fuel

BYLINE: By Guy Payne, Kim Smith and the Northern Forest Center Special to the
Reformer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1004 words


BRATTLEBORO &GT;&GT; The Academy and Esteyville school buildings in Brattleboro
are the first public buildings to participate in the Windham Wood Heat
Initiative by switching from fossil fuels to locally sourced wood pellets to
heat their buildings.

Academy School's switch will reduce the school's oil use by 15,000 gallons and
generate $50,000 a year in positive economic impact for southern Vermont's
economy. Esteyville will cut oil consumption by 1,100 gallons and contribute
$3,700 a year to the economy.

"We've got a quiet system providing an even heat and it's been keeping our
building warm," said Andy Paciulli, principal of the 355-student elementary
school. "A bonus is that many of our students are learning about the importance
of reducing our carbon footprint and decreasing our use of non-renewable
resources. Heating with wood pellets has helped to deliver that lesson to our
young learners. I expect we'll realize the cost savings which should be
significant for us and the taxpayer."

The Windham Wood Heat Initiative is helping schools and municipal buildings in
Windham County convert to state-of-the-art wood pellet boilers to achieve
several goals: reducing heating costs, making the county a hub of advanced-wood
heating technology, and strengthening the local forest economy.

The initiative is covering 25 percent of project costs up to $75,000 per
conversion.

The Esteyville oil boiler failed in September 2015. The Windham Wood Heat team
responded by fast-tracking a pellet boiler installation, enabling the Windham
Southeast Supervisory Union to take advantage of the benefits of wood heat
before the heating season was in full swing.

Windham Wood Heat projects that converting 20 schools and public buildings to
local wood fuel for heat will retain more than $3 million in the local economy
over the 25-year life of the boilers.

The Sustainable Energy Outreach Center is administering the program. These
grants greatly reduce the financial hurdle for converting schools and public
buildings to wood heat, shifting shift them to advanced wood heat technology now
to start seeing the savings and economic benefits right away.

To date, Windham Wood Heat has heard from more than 10 municipalities and school
districts that are considering converting about 20 buildings to wood heat.
Windham Wood Heat has completed or begun 15 energy audits for potential wood
heat candidates, ranging from municipal buildings in Brattleboro and Brookline
to public schools in Londonderry, Dummerston, and Halifax. The audit results
overwhelmingly show positive economic results for wood heat conversion, despite
current low oil prices.

Innovative Natural Resource Solutions completed a wood supply analysis in
September 2015 that concluded the region has "an ample supply of low-grade wood"
to supply heating systems such as the new pellet boilers at Academy and
Esteyville. The analysis estimates that a seven-county region in Vermont, New
Hampshire and Massachusetts   including and immediately adjacent to Windham
County   can supply between 252,000 and 578,000 tons of green (not dried) wood
each year, while the demand from 20 new buildings using modern wood heat would
be approximately 8,000 tons annually.

The $1.6-million program is funded by the Vermont Clean Energy Development Fund
with funds from the decommissioning of Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Plant. Each
conversion will also address energy efficiency and building durability. The
program also offers public education, training for local building professionals,
and fuel supply procurement assistance.

"Oil prices are relatively low right now, but we've seen how widely they can
fluctuate, which makes it hard for municipalities and school districts to budget
accurately," said Maura Adams, energy program director at the Northern Forest
Center. "In contrast, pellet prices are very stable and there is the added
benefit that 100 percent of every dollar spent on local wood fuel stays in the
local economy."

The Windham Wood Heat initiative is a collaborative effort that brings together
local business, non-profit and public entities, and leverages regional and
national expertise to develop the systems and programs necessary to make
advanced wood heat a widespread option in Windham County. The state awarded the
grant to SEON, which serves as the lead agency for the project. BuildingGreen,
Inc. assists with financial management and the Northern Forest Center manages
the project. The Windham Regional Commission provides assistance with public
outreach and project coaching, while STIX L3C, BuildingGreen, Forward Thinking
Consulting, and Innovative Natural Resource Solutions provide technical
assistance.

The project team assists with energy efficiency and fuel switching, while
working to build greater mechanical capacity in high-efficiency wood-based
heating.

"Windham County is nearly 90 percent forested," said Payne. "We have the
potential to become an extraordinary regional hub of modern wood heating
technology, professional development, and fuel supply and delivery."

Public school and municipal buildings in Windham County are eligible for
assistance. Windham Wood Heat offers a variety of incentives and services, such
as energy analyses and assessments of whether buildings are appropriate for
advanced wood heat. Buildings selected for participation in the program will get
one-on-one coaching through project development, bid review, budget, and public
approval stages, plus incentives up to $75,000 toward installation of a
high-efficiency pellet or wood chip heating system.

CEDF defines advanced wood heating systems as those that use highly efficient
technology, produce low emissions, support healthy forest ecosystems, and
consume local wood. To learn more about advanced wood heat, see
http://www.revermont.org/main/technology/bioenergy/modernwoodheating .

Officials interested in beginning the process now for potential budget action in
2016 and early 2017 should contact Kim Smith at ksmith@windhamregional.org or
802-257-4547, ext. 108.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                          September 20, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Building for the future;
Investment in housing is good for the West Midlands economy - every £1 invested
in housing and construction creates £2.84 of economic activity. Putting housing
at the front and centre of the West Midlands economic growth strategy will
deliver benefits now, and provide the foundation for sustainable growth in the
long-term. Over the next three years, the Matrix Housing Partnership will be
delivering a strong development programme which will see an investment of over
£180 million into the communities each partner serves and an additional 1,500
homes. This investment is part of a £30 million grant allocation awarded to the
Matrix Housing Partnership by the Homes and Communities Agency (HCA). So just
how is the Matrix Housing Partnership making a difference in the Midlands?

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING;FEATURES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 909 words


Creating local homes for local people Whilst the housing sector is undergoing
some fundamental changes to its operating environment, the Accord Group, of
which Accord, Ashram and Caldmore housing associations are part, remain
committed to meeting housing need.

The Accord Group, based in West Bromwich, made history last year, when it became
the first housing association in the country to open its very own low carbon,
timber frame manufacturing hub in Walsall.

LoCaL Homes has created vital jobs, not just in the factory but on the
construction site and in the supply chain. The factory employs 30 local people,
many of whom are tenants and were previously unemployed or enable to find full
time work due to the recession.

A total of 200 homes are produced at the factory each year, with one house being
manufactured per day and already the first of these homes are being occupied at
Pattern Gardens in Darlaston.

This £10 million development which comprises of 106 homes is made up of two,
three and four bedroom homes and apartments, will be completed next year.

The whole initiative has meant Accord now build super-insulated homes which have
very low energy requirements and low carbon emissions which in turn produce low
energy bills.

Accord's work does not stop there. In addition to building new developments such
as a £27 million scheme in partnership with Wates Living Space in Dudley on the
site of the former Guest Hospital to build 200 new homes, Accord is also helping
to transform a commercial area near West Bromwich town centre into a residential
quarter, building 69 new homes.

At a time when people cannot get housed and house building is at particular low
level, the Accord Group is using its financial strength and resources to ensure
much needed homes are built. More importantly they are building homes people can
afford to run and can afford to buy.

Economic impact deep and wide Trident's measurement of its economic impact, as
well as evaluating the social value produced by their communitybased activities,
provides further support for the growing argument that housing associations have
a major role to play in helping the country out of the double dip recession.

Trident Housing Association - renamed Trident Social Investment Group after 50
years of history - has commissioned a major social audit, which is due for
completion in the autumn, to measure the SROI, in terms of both narrow and wider
impacts, and the success of their social investment strategy on maximising
investment impacts.

Their social audit points to a significant contribution to the Midlands economy
made by Trident off the back of their £120 million asset base, their £30 million
annual turnover and employment of 850 staff and more than 200 others in the
supply chain and ancillary goods and services industries. The sometimes fragile
local economies and disadvantaged communities where Trident works would be
appreciably damaged if they weren't there day after day and year after year.

A good example of their approach is the Trident Money Advice Centre, which helps
around 300 clients yearly and has been able to increase the money circulating in
local economies through recouping around £1 million by increasing tenants'
incomes through accurate benefit assessment and removing debt barriers to work,
and in write-down of tenants' debts. Major multiplier effects have been created
on the back of this increased income circulating in struggling Midlands'
micro-economies.

Trident's economic impact has also been sustained by reinventing organisational
behaviour to tackle the effects of austerity and changes to welfare benefits,
both of which are having major effects on their tenants. Their social investment
strategy has been developing a whole organisation ethos to ensure that
deployment of all Trident's assets can generate social returns beyond the
provision of homes and services alone and embed social value in their
communities.

Innovation at work Trent & Dove Housing based in Burton upon Trent, has launched
an innovative apprenticeship scheme that links together training, self-build
homes and jobs.

In partnership with Burton and South Derbyshire College and local construction
company, Harvey & Clark, Trent & Dove has introduced a twist to the self-build
concept whereby people who have a housing need and are looking to train in
construction skills can take up an apprenticeship working with Harvey & Clark on
a new development in Burton. Four new homes have been earmarked for these
trainees under affordable rent, or on a part own/part rent basis for those who
qualify for the scheme but may have some independent means.

Trent & Dove has secured grant funding within the Matrix Partnership from the
Government's HCA, under the Affordable Homes Programme, towards a new
development of 15 new homes. Four of these properties will be part of the Learn
it, Build it, Live it scheme and construction is due to start in the autumn
coinciding with the beginning of the academic year. The HCA in the Midlands will
be keeping a close eye on the progress made at Burton with a view to sharing
best practice with their teams across the country.

There is a wealth of opportunity within the construction trades. Learn it, Build
it, Live it, is not limited to younger people, but can be tailored to those who
may have worked within the industry in the past but have never qualified or are
currently looking to re-skill provided they are also in housing need.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: One of the team workers working in the LoCaL Homes factory
A customer receiving advice from Trident's Money Advice Centre
The first homes to be made at the factory now complete at Pattern Gardens in
Darlaston.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BMP


               Copyright 2012 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN SANFORD BISHOP ANNOUNCES RURAL DEVELOPMENT GRANTS

LENGTH: 443  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Sanford D. Bishop, Jr has issued the following
news release:



 Congressman Sanford D. Bishop Jr. (GA-02), is pleased to announce that the
Rural Development agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved
$14.3 million in project development grants and loans to five recipients in the
2nd Congressional District of Georgia. These recipients include the Fort Gaines
Police Department, the Ellaville Police Department, Pataula Charter Academy, the
Development Authority of Macon County, and South Georgia Technical College.





 "The grants and loans awarded by the Rural Development agency will be extremely
beneficial for the 2nd Congressional District of Georgia." said Congressman
Bishop. "These resources will be used to improve educational training, increase
the use of green technology, and replace outdated equipment."



 Pataula Charter Academy in Edison, GA, will receive a $14 million Community
Facility Direct Loan in order to build a new educational facility and
multi-purpose building. The state commissioned charter school serves Baker,
Calhoun, Clay, Early, and Randolph counties, and includes grades K through 12.



 The Development Authority of Macon County will receive a $99,000 Rural Business
Development Grant to purchase a flying saw that will be leased to Enviro
Builders, a local company focused on constructing green insulated panels for net
zero energy housing.



 The City of Fort Gaines will receive an Economic Impact Initiative Grant of
$50,000 and a Community Facility Loan of $26,800 in order to purchase two new
police vehicles for use by the Fort Gaines Police Department. Similarly, the
City of Ellaville was awarded a grant of $29,500 and a loan totaling $9,900
under the Community Facility Loan and Grant Program to purchase a new fully
equipped patrol vehicle.



 South Georgia Technical College in Sumter County, GA will receive a Rural
Business Development Grant totaling $99,000 to upgrade the college's truck
driving simulator. Students enrolled in the Commercial Truck Driving Program
will benefit from the updated tractor trailers and cabs.



 All five recipients received these grants from the U.S Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development agency, which provides both technical assistance
and loans, grants, and loan guarantees to support essential services in rural
America. This support is used to help communities with housing, economic
development, health care, first responder services and equipment, as well as
water, electric, and communications infrastructure.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN SANFORD BISHOP ANNOUNCES RURAL DEVELOPMENT GRANTS

LENGTH: 443  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Sanford D. Bishop, Jr has issued the following
news release:



 Congressman Sanford D. Bishop Jr. (GA-02), is pleased to announce that the
Rural Development agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved
$14.3 million in project development grants and loans to five recipients in the
2nd Congressional District of Georgia. These recipients include the Fort Gaines
Police Department, the Ellaville Police Department, Pataula Charter Academy, the
Development Authority of Macon County, and South Georgia Technical College.





 "The grants and loans awarded by the Rural Development agency will be extremely
beneficial for the 2nd Congressional District of Georgia." said Congressman
Bishop. "These resources will be used to improve educational training, increase
the use of green technology, and replace outdated equipment."



 Pataula Charter Academy in Edison, GA, will receive a $14 million Community
Facility Direct Loan in order to build a new educational facility and
multi-purpose building. The state commissioned charter school serves Baker,
Calhoun, Clay, Early, and Randolph counties, and includes grades K through 12.



 The Development Authority of Macon County will receive a $99,000 Rural Business
Development Grant to purchase a flying saw that will be leased to Enviro
Builders, a local company focused on constructing green insulated panels for net
zero energy housing.



 The City of Fort Gaines will receive an Economic Impact Initiative Grant of
$50,000 and a Community Facility Loan of $26,800 in order to purchase two new
police vehicles for use by the Fort Gaines Police Department. Similarly, the
City of Ellaville was awarded a grant of $29,500 and a loan totaling $9,900
under the Community Facility Loan and Grant Program to purchase a new fully
equipped patrol vehicle.



 South Georgia Technical College in Sumter County, GA will receive a Rural
Business Development Grant totaling $99,000 to upgrade the college's truck
driving simulator. Students enrolled in the Commercial Truck Driving Program
will benefit from the updated tractor trailers and cabs.



 All five recipients received these grants from the U.S Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development agency, which provides both technical assistance
and loans, grants, and loan guarantees to support essential services in rural
America. This support is used to help communities with housing, economic
development, health care, first responder services and equipment, as well as
water, electric, and communications infrastructure.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

Policy Dialogue on Language begins at HEC

LENGTH: 886 words

DATELINE: New York



  ISLAMABAD:  A three-day conference "Policy
 Dialogue on Language" jointly organized by the Department of
 Humanities and Social Sciences, Air University and Higher Education
 Commission (HEC) began here on Tuesday.
       Zaffar Nasrullah, Additional Secretary, Capital Administration
 and Development Division (CADD) addressing the event as a chief
 guest said that discussing a language is always a sensitive issue as
 it involves sentiments, culture and ethnicity.


       He said the world nations, whether German, French, Bengalis,
 or Hindus, have their own languages and they promote them in
 different manners.
       He said that Urdu and English are common languages spoken in
 Pakistan, and Urdu apart from being a vital language, is also an
 important element of national integrity.
       Terming `E-language' a new language in the modern world, he
 called for adopting a pragmatic approach towards the linguistic
 development in the country.
       He appreciated HEC and Air University for their initiative and
 endeavours to preserve the national values.
       Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Arshad Ali Executive Director
 HEC stressed the need for promoting use of Urdu in general
 discussions, meetings, conferences and seminars to give it a
 righteous status.
       He maintained that a practical approach is necessary to
 implement any policy. "We need to act in by practical terms being
 mentally convinced, emotionally attached and intentionally prepared
 to do what we think," he emphasized.
       Referring to the Supreme Court order, he said that National
 Language Authority, Federal Urdu University, provincial education
 departments and experts of languages serving in language departments
 of different universities should also be involved in the
 brainstorming process so as to benefit from their experiences.
       He urged the participants to look into the international
 trends pertaining to languages so that the young generation could
 keep pace with the world.
       Dr. Arshad held out assurance that HEC will extend cooperation
 in fulfillment of research requirements and policy implementation to
 every move meant for promotion of the national language.
       Mentioning HEC initiatives for promotion of Social Sciences in
 the country, he said HEC Thematic Research Grant has also been
 increased. "The grant has been increased to 300 million rupees and
 promotion of languages has also a significant part in it," he
 informed.

       In her opening remarks earlier, Dr. Wasima Shahzad Dean,
 Faculty of Social Sciences, Air University said that language is a
 tool to express one's identity and represent one's social and
 economic fabric, adding that it builds emotions and creates art and
 literature.
       Shedding light on the significance of national language, Urdu,
 she described various lingual differences and lingual movements
 witnessed in Pakistan in the past years.
       She also dilated different factors associated with languages
 considering them a matter of `shame or pride'. "No language is
 uncivilized, rather all languages have their own beauty," she
 asserted.
       She said that it is a high time to rediscover the nation and
 promote national language. She urged the conference participants to
 raise issues pertaining to the topic during the three-day activity,
 brainstorm problems and sort out solutions to them.
       While elaborating the purpose of the conference, Dr.
 Zafarullah Qureshi said that the Dialogue is a move that eyes change
 in the entire linguistic landscape.
       He added that it aims at bringing linguists and experts
 together to contemplate over the hurdles lying in execution of the
 Supreme Court order of implementing Urdu as an official language.
       He hoped that the policy guidelines finalized in the Dialogue
 will prove to be helpful in devising a comprehensive national
 language policy to execute the SC order. He vowed that the Air
 University will continue to support the Government in implementing
 its policies.
       Dr. Swathi M. Vanniarajan, Professor Psycholinguistics at San
 Jose State University, California, USA was the keynote speaker. He
 highlighted the importance of language policy for a nation.
       He said that language policy has far-reaching social,
 educational and economic impacts. He continued to say that language
 policy is inclusive and it gives identity to a nation, helps
 increasing literacy rate, develops lingual uniformity, and increases
 access to education.
       He added that many high achievers are bi or trilingual,
 stressing the importance of knowing more than one language.
       The first and second days of the conference are reserved for
 Focused Group Sessions engaging national and international scholars
 from academia, media, law, banking, aviation, governmental
 organizations and other institutions to provide policy
 recommendations in respect of the status of English, Urdu and
 regional languages in Pakistan.
       On the third day, recommendations and a detailed report will
 be drafted. This international conference is part of the `Emerging
 Trends of Researching Language, Linguistics and Literature' held by
 Air University last year in which Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed, Chairman, HEC
 had proposed conducting of a dialogue with respect to the status of
 English, Urdu and regional languages in Pakistan.


LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Wisconsin: Racine Receives $1 Million State Grant for Machinery Row
Redevelopment Project

LENGTH: 839  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

The City of Racine has been awarded a $1 million grant from the state's Idle
Industrial Sites Redevelopment Program, an initiative that helps help spur the
redevelopment of abandoned properties throughout Wisconsin.

The grant, awarded by the Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC),
will be used to help fund a $65 million project that calls for transforming 20
acres of idle industrial property along the Root River into a mixed-used
development that will include commercial, retail and residential space.
The Machinery Row project is Racine is expected to revitalize the city's
lakefront.

The Machinery Row project is Racine is expected to revitalize the city's
lakefront.

The city and developer Financial District Properties Machinery Row LLC are
planning the redevelopment of two large industrial buildings in Racine's
Machinery Row district on Water Street--a project expected to revitalize the
city's riverfront and create more than 100 jobs in the first phase and
ultimately more than 500 jobs.

"This redevelopment has the potential to transform what is now a neglected area
into a place where people can live, work, shop and dine along the scenic
riverfront," said Reed Hall, secretary and CEO of WEDC, the state's lead
economic development organization. "This is one of the most significant economic
development projects in Racine's history, and WEDC is pleased to be able to
provide support for this ambitious initiative."

"We are excited that the state and WEDC have the same vision as we do for the
Machinery Row site," said Racine Mayor John Dickert. "The Idle Industrial Site
grant will allow the project to move forward quickly and provide environmental
remediation for the project. Thanks to the teamwork on this project we will
begin the rebuilding of our riverfront for all of Racine to enjoy."

"We are grateful to WEDC and Governor Walker for awarding the City of Racine
with these funds that are yet another step forward in our goal to create a
catalytic project that will provide the people of Racine a lasting economic
impact," said Jennifer Kakert, CFO of Financial District Properties Machinery
Row.

"These funds will significantly help with remediating costly environmental
contamination and cleanup," added Jim Bowman, the company's development
director. "Without this state assistance, the costs to address existing
environmental issues would prohibit our ability to attract the necessary capital
to complete this very complex redevelopment project."

WEDC's Idle Industrial Sites Redevelopment Program, created in 2013, stimulates
investment and job creation in idle, abandoned and underutilized manufacturing
sites that cannot be solely redeveloped by the private sector due to their scale
and complexity.

The competitive program offers grants of up to $1 million to communities for the
implementation of redevelopment plans for sites of 10 acres or more that have
been idle, abandoned or underutilized for at least five years. The sites must
have had at least 25 years of prior commercial or industrial usage to qualify.

The funds can be used for demolition, environmental remediation, or
site-specific improvements defined in a redevelopment plan.

In this latest round of funding, the City of Oak Creek received $1 million for
the Drexel Town Square project and the City of Merrill received $417,250 to help
fund a $1.4 million redevelopment project along the Wisconsin River. WEDC
expects to award a total of $3.4 million to municipalities in this round of
funding, and more grant announcements will be made in coming weeks.

In addition to the grant, WEDC also is supporting the Machinery Row project by
authorizing the developer to receive up to $9 million in Historic Preservation
Tax Credits for the project. The actual amount of tax credits is contingent upon
how much the developer spends on rehabilitation work. The City of Racine is
providing $7 million in assistance for infrastructure needs on the site.

The Machinery Row project calls for redeveloping two buildings totaling 720,000
square feet on the former J.I. Case property at 900 and 820 Water Street that
are more than 100 years old. The 440,000-square-foot building at 900 Water
Street will be renovated into about 165 market-rate apartments with supportive
commercial enterprises; the other building will house about 280,000 square feet
of mixed use development. It also includes an urban grocery store with
sufficient space for a farmers market and a recreation facility.

The Root River riverfront at Machinery Row will become a 3-acre public park,
promenade and gathering space in a location that has not been fully accessible
to the public for more than a century. The area also will be connected to
existing and planned regional walking, biking and recreational trails.
- See more at: http://inwisconsin.com/press_releases/racine-idle-sites-grant/
#sthash.xTPBHFgV.dpuf

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Agriculture and Food Research Initiative Competitive Federal
Grants Program-General Administration Provisions Pages 58809 - 58811 [FR DOC #
2016-18422]

LENGTH: 2157  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE National Institute of Food and Agriculture 7 CFR Part
3430 RIN 0524-AA67 Agriculture and Food Research Initiative Competitive Federal
Grants Program--General Administration Provisions AGENCY: National Institute of
Food and Agriculture, USDA. ACTION: Final rule with request for comments.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) is publishing as a final
rule a revision to the general administrative guidelines applicable to the
Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI) competitive grant program.

The purpose of this final rule is to implement the Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative commodity board provision added by section 7404 of the Agricultural
Act of 2014 making it necessary to modify the AFRI regulations. DATES: This
final rule becomes effective on August 26, 2016. NIFA is requesting comments for
30 days until September 26, 2016. ADDRESSES: You may submit comments, identified
by Agriculture and Food Research Initiative Competitive Federal Grants
Program--General Administration Provisions, by any of the following methods:
Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments. Email: commodityboards@nifa.usda.gov Include
Agriculture and Food Research Initiative Competitive Federal Grants
Program--General Administration Provisions in the subject line of the message.
Instructions: All comments received must include the agency name and reference
to Agriculture and Food Research Initiative Competitive Federal Grants
Program--General Administration Provisions. All comments received will be posted
to http://www.regulations.gov, including any personal information provided. FOR
FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Maria Koszalka, Division Director, Policy and
Oversight Division, Phone: 202-401-4325, Email: maria.koszalka@nifa.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: I. Background and Summary Authority This rulemaking
is authorized by section 2(b) of the Competitive, Special, and Faculties
Research Grant Act 7 U.S.C. 450i(b). Organization of 7 CFR Part 3430 A primary
function of NIFA is the fair, effective, and efficient administration of Federal
assistance programs implementing agricultural research, education, and extension
programs. The awards made under the above authority are subject to the NIFA
assistance regulations at 7 CFR part 3430, Competitive and Noncompetitive
Non-formula Federal Assistance Programs--General Award Administrative
Provisions. NIFA's development and publication of this regulation for its
non-formula Federal assistance programs enhances its accountability and
standardizes procedures across the Federal assistance programs it administers
while providing transparency to the public. NIFA published 7 CFR part 3430 with
subparts A through F as a final rule on September 4, 2009 [74 FR 45736-45752].
These regulations apply to all Federal assistance programs administered by NIFA
except for the formula grant programs identified in 7 CFR 3430.1(f), the Small
Business Innovation Research programs with implementing regulations at 7 CFR
part 3403, and the Veterinary Medicine Loan Repayment Program (VMLRP), with
implementing regulations at 7 CFR part 3431. NIFA organized the regulation as
follows: Subparts A through E provide administrative provisions for all
competitive and noncompetitive non-formula Federal assistance programs. Subparts
F and thereafter apply to specific NIFA programs. NIFA is, to the extent
practical, using the following subpart template for each program authority: (1)
Applicability of regulations, (2) purpose, (3) definitions (those in addition to
or different from Sec. 3430.2), (4) eligibility, (5) project types and
priorities, (6) funding restrictions, (7) matching requirements, and (8)
duration of grant. Subparts F and thereafter contain the above seven components
in this order. Additional sections may be added for a specific program if there
are additional requirements or a need for additional rules for the program
(e.g., additional reporting requirements). Through this rulemaking, NIFA is
making minor additions to Subpart G--Agriculture and Food Research Initiative
(AFRI) in order to implement the AFRI commodity board provision from section
7404 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79). Subpart G of 7 CFR 3430
Subpart G contains the administrative provisions for the Agriculture and Food
Research Initiative (AFRI). The purpose of AFRI is to make competitive grants
for fundamental and applied research, extension, and education to address food
and agricultural sciences, as defined under section 1404 of the National
Agriculture Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977, as amended (7
U.S.C. 3103). II. Revisions Included in the Final Rule Subpart G Section 7404 of
the Agricultural Act of 2014 amended the general administration, special
considerations, and eligible entities subsections for the Agriculture and Food
Research Initiative (AFRI) program, and added a special contributions
requirement making it necessary to modify the program's administrative
provisions. With this rule, NIFA makes clear that it will solicit funding ideas
under this subpart from statutorily defined national and state commodity boards
for research topics that the commodity boards are willing to co-fund equally
with NIFA under the AFRI competitive grant program. If the ideas are evaluated
and found to be consistent with the AFRI statutory priorities and priorities
noted in the President's budget request related to NIFA, the topics will be
[[Page 58810]] incorporated in existing program areas in the relevant AFRI
Request for Applications (RFA(s)). Researchers wishing to submit a proposal on a
topic suggested by a commodity board will be required to obtain a letter of
support from the co-funding commodity board. The applications submitted in
response to a commodity board co-funded topic will compete against all proposals
submitted in the same RFA program area. Supported applications will receive no
preference regarding the evaluation of their scientific merit. Letters of
commodity board support will be used by NIFA solely to determine that the
application fits within the commodity board co-funded topic and the commodity
board is willing to co-fund that application, if it is evaluated by the review
panel as being meritorious and recommended for award. III. Administrative
Requirements for the Rulemaking While the Administrative Procedure Act (APA), 5
U.S.C. 553(a)(2), specifically exempts rules that involve public property,
loans, grants, benefits, or contracts from notice-and-comment requirements, NIFA
is issuing this rule as final with request for comments. Accordingly, NIFA is
allowing 30 days for the submission of comments. If upon consideration of the
comments received in response to this notice NIFA decides to amend the AFRI
final rule, NIFA will issue a subsequent final rule that includes an explanation
of any changes made in response to the comments. Executive Order 12866 and
Executive Order 13563 Executive Orders 12866 and 13563 direct agencies to assess
all costs and benefits of available regulatory alternatives and, if regulation
is necessary, to select regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits
(including potential economic, environmental, public health and safety effects,
distributive impacts, and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the
importance of quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of
harmonizing rules, and of promoting flexibility. This rule has been determined
to be not significant. Regulatory Flexibility Act of 1980 This final rule has
been reviewed in accordance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act of 1980, as
amended by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996, (5
U.S.C. 601-612). The Director certifies that this final regulation will not have
a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. This
final regulation will affect institutions of higher education receiving Federal
funds under this program. The U.S. Small Business Administration Size Standards
define institutions as ``small entities'' if they are for-profit or nonprofit
institutions with total annual revenue below $5,000,000 or if they are
institutions controlled by governmental entities with populations below 50,000.
The rule does not involve regulatory and informational requirements regarding
businesses, organizations, and governmental jurisdictions subject to regulation.
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) The Department certifies that this final rule has
been assessed in accordance with the requirements of the Paperwork Reduction
Act, 44 U.S.C. 3501 et seq. (PRA). The Department concludes that this final rule
does not impose any new information requirements or increase the burden hours.
In addition to the SF-424 form families (i.e., Research and Related and
Mandatory) and the SF-425 Federal Financial Report (FFR) No. 0348-0061, NIFA has
three currently approved OMB information collections associated with this
rulemaking: OMB Information Collection No. 0524-0042, NIFA REEport; No.
0524-0041, NIFA Application Review Process; and No. 0524-0026, Organizational
Information. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance This final regulation
applies to the following Federal financial assistance programs administered by
NIFA including CFDA No. 10.310, Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI).
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 and Executive Order 13132 The Department
has reviewed this final rule in accordance with the requirements of Executive
Order No. 13132 and the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995, 2 U.S.C. 1501 et
seq., and has found no potential or substantial direct effects on the States, on
the relationship between the national government and the States, or on the
distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. As there is no Federal mandate contained herein that could result in
increased expenditures by State, local, or tribal governments, or by the private
sector, the Department has not prepared a budgetary impact statement. Clarity of
This Regulation Executive Order 12866 and the President's Memorandum of June 1,
1998, require each agency to write all rules in plain language. The Department
invites comments on how to make this final rule easier to understand. List of
Subjects in 7 CFR Part 3430 Administrative practice and procedure, Agricultural
research, Education, Extension, Federal assistance. Accordingly, the Department
of Agriculture, National Institute of Food and Agriculture, adopts the final
rule amending 7 CFR part 3430 which was published at 75 FR 54759 on September 9,
2010, and amends 7 CFR part 3430 as set forth below: PART 3430--COMPETITIVE AND
NONCOMPETITIVE NON-FORMULA FEDERAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS--GENERAL AWARD
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 0 1. The authority citation for part 3430 continues to
read as follows: Authority: 7 U.S.C. 3316; Pub. L. 106-107 (31 U.S.C. 6101
note). Subpart G--Agriculture and Food Research Initiative 0 2. Add Sec.
3430.313 to read as follows: Sec. 3430.313 Inclusion of research topics proposed
by national and state commodity boards in request for applications. NIFA will
solicit funding ideas under this subpart from statutorily defined national and
state commodity boards for research topics that the commodity boards are willing
to co-fund equally with NIFA under the AFRI competitive grant program. If the
ideas are evaluated and found to be consistent with the AFRI statutory
priorities and priorities noted in the President's budget request related to
NIFA, the topics will be incorporated in existing program areas in the relevant
AFRI Request for Applications (RFA(s)). Researchers wishing to submit a proposal
on a topic suggested by a commodity board will be required to obtain a letter of
support from the co-funding commodity board. The applications submitted in
response to a commodity board co-funded topic will compete against all proposals
submitted in the same RFA program area. Supported applications will receive no
preference regarding the evaluation of their scientific merit. Letters of
commodity board support will be used by NIFA solely to determine that the
application fits within the commodity board co-funded topic and [[Page 58811]]
the commodity board is willing to co-fund that application, if it is evaluated
by the review panel as being meritorious and recommended for award. Done at
Washington, DC, this 29 day of July, 2016. Robert E. Holland, Associate Director
for Operations, National Institute of Food and Agriculture. [FR Doc. 2016-18422
Filed 8-25-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-22-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Agriculture and Food Research Initiative Competitive Federal
Grants Program-General Administration Provisions Pages 58809 - 58811 [FR DOC #
2016-18422]

LENGTH: 2157  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE National Institute of Food and Agriculture 7 CFR Part
3430 RIN 0524-AA67 Agriculture and Food Research Initiative Competitive Federal
Grants Program--General Administration Provisions AGENCY: National Institute of
Food and Agriculture, USDA. ACTION: Final rule with request for comments.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) is publishing as a final
rule a revision to the general administrative guidelines applicable to the
Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI) competitive grant program.

The purpose of this final rule is to implement the Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative commodity board provision added by section 7404 of the Agricultural
Act of 2014 making it necessary to modify the AFRI regulations. DATES: This
final rule becomes effective on August 26, 2016. NIFA is requesting comments for
30 days until September 26, 2016. ADDRESSES: You may submit comments, identified
by Agriculture and Food Research Initiative Competitive Federal Grants
Program--General Administration Provisions, by any of the following methods:
Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments. Email: commodityboards@nifa.usda.gov Include
Agriculture and Food Research Initiative Competitive Federal Grants
Program--General Administration Provisions in the subject line of the message.
Instructions: All comments received must include the agency name and reference
to Agriculture and Food Research Initiative Competitive Federal Grants
Program--General Administration Provisions. All comments received will be posted
to http://www.regulations.gov, including any personal information provided. FOR
FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Maria Koszalka, Division Director, Policy and
Oversight Division, Phone: 202-401-4325, Email: maria.koszalka@nifa.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: I. Background and Summary Authority This rulemaking
is authorized by section 2(b) of the Competitive, Special, and Faculties
Research Grant Act 7 U.S.C. 450i(b). Organization of 7 CFR Part 3430 A primary
function of NIFA is the fair, effective, and efficient administration of Federal
assistance programs implementing agricultural research, education, and extension
programs. The awards made under the above authority are subject to the NIFA
assistance regulations at 7 CFR part 3430, Competitive and Noncompetitive
Non-formula Federal Assistance Programs--General Award Administrative
Provisions. NIFA's development and publication of this regulation for its
non-formula Federal assistance programs enhances its accountability and
standardizes procedures across the Federal assistance programs it administers
while providing transparency to the public. NIFA published 7 CFR part 3430 with
subparts A through F as a final rule on September 4, 2009 [74 FR 45736-45752].
These regulations apply to all Federal assistance programs administered by NIFA
except for the formula grant programs identified in 7 CFR 3430.1(f), the Small
Business Innovation Research programs with implementing regulations at 7 CFR
part 3403, and the Veterinary Medicine Loan Repayment Program (VMLRP), with
implementing regulations at 7 CFR part 3431. NIFA organized the regulation as
follows: Subparts A through E provide administrative provisions for all
competitive and noncompetitive non-formula Federal assistance programs. Subparts
F and thereafter apply to specific NIFA programs. NIFA is, to the extent
practical, using the following subpart template for each program authority: (1)
Applicability of regulations, (2) purpose, (3) definitions (those in addition to
or different from Sec. 3430.2), (4) eligibility, (5) project types and
priorities, (6) funding restrictions, (7) matching requirements, and (8)
duration of grant. Subparts F and thereafter contain the above seven components
in this order. Additional sections may be added for a specific program if there
are additional requirements or a need for additional rules for the program
(e.g., additional reporting requirements). Through this rulemaking, NIFA is
making minor additions to Subpart G--Agriculture and Food Research Initiative
(AFRI) in order to implement the AFRI commodity board provision from section
7404 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79). Subpart G of 7 CFR 3430
Subpart G contains the administrative provisions for the Agriculture and Food
Research Initiative (AFRI). The purpose of AFRI is to make competitive grants
for fundamental and applied research, extension, and education to address food
and agricultural sciences, as defined under section 1404 of the National
Agriculture Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977, as amended (7
U.S.C. 3103). II. Revisions Included in the Final Rule Subpart G Section 7404 of
the Agricultural Act of 2014 amended the general administration, special
considerations, and eligible entities subsections for the Agriculture and Food
Research Initiative (AFRI) program, and added a special contributions
requirement making it necessary to modify the program's administrative
provisions. With this rule, NIFA makes clear that it will solicit funding ideas
under this subpart from statutorily defined national and state commodity boards
for research topics that the commodity boards are willing to co-fund equally
with NIFA under the AFRI competitive grant program. If the ideas are evaluated
and found to be consistent with the AFRI statutory priorities and priorities
noted in the President's budget request related to NIFA, the topics will be
[[Page 58810]] incorporated in existing program areas in the relevant AFRI
Request for Applications (RFA(s)). Researchers wishing to submit a proposal on a
topic suggested by a commodity board will be required to obtain a letter of
support from the co-funding commodity board. The applications submitted in
response to a commodity board co-funded topic will compete against all proposals
submitted in the same RFA program area. Supported applications will receive no
preference regarding the evaluation of their scientific merit. Letters of
commodity board support will be used by NIFA solely to determine that the
application fits within the commodity board co-funded topic and the commodity
board is willing to co-fund that application, if it is evaluated by the review
panel as being meritorious and recommended for award. III. Administrative
Requirements for the Rulemaking While the Administrative Procedure Act (APA), 5
U.S.C. 553(a)(2), specifically exempts rules that involve public property,
loans, grants, benefits, or contracts from notice-and-comment requirements, NIFA
is issuing this rule as final with request for comments. Accordingly, NIFA is
allowing 30 days for the submission of comments. If upon consideration of the
comments received in response to this notice NIFA decides to amend the AFRI
final rule, NIFA will issue a subsequent final rule that includes an explanation
of any changes made in response to the comments. Executive Order 12866 and
Executive Order 13563 Executive Orders 12866 and 13563 direct agencies to assess
all costs and benefits of available regulatory alternatives and, if regulation
is necessary, to select regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits
(including potential economic, environmental, public health and safety effects,
distributive impacts, and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the
importance of quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of
harmonizing rules, and of promoting flexibility. This rule has been determined
to be not significant. Regulatory Flexibility Act of 1980 This final rule has
been reviewed in accordance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act of 1980, as
amended by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996, (5
U.S.C. 601-612). The Director certifies that this final regulation will not have
a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. This
final regulation will affect institutions of higher education receiving Federal
funds under this program. The U.S. Small Business Administration Size Standards
define institutions as ``small entities'' if they are for-profit or nonprofit
institutions with total annual revenue below $5,000,000 or if they are
institutions controlled by governmental entities with populations below 50,000.
The rule does not involve regulatory and informational requirements regarding
businesses, organizations, and governmental jurisdictions subject to regulation.
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) The Department certifies that this final rule has
been assessed in accordance with the requirements of the Paperwork Reduction
Act, 44 U.S.C. 3501 et seq. (PRA). The Department concludes that this final rule
does not impose any new information requirements or increase the burden hours.
In addition to the SF-424 form families (i.e., Research and Related and
Mandatory) and the SF-425 Federal Financial Report (FFR) No. 0348-0061, NIFA has
three currently approved OMB information collections associated with this
rulemaking: OMB Information Collection No. 0524-0042, NIFA REEport; No.
0524-0041, NIFA Application Review Process; and No. 0524-0026, Organizational
Information. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance This final regulation
applies to the following Federal financial assistance programs administered by
NIFA including CFDA No. 10.310, Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI).
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 and Executive Order 13132 The Department
has reviewed this final rule in accordance with the requirements of Executive
Order No. 13132 and the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995, 2 U.S.C. 1501 et
seq., and has found no potential or substantial direct effects on the States, on
the relationship between the national government and the States, or on the
distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. As there is no Federal mandate contained herein that could result in
increased expenditures by State, local, or tribal governments, or by the private
sector, the Department has not prepared a budgetary impact statement. Clarity of
This Regulation Executive Order 12866 and the President's Memorandum of June 1,
1998, require each agency to write all rules in plain language. The Department
invites comments on how to make this final rule easier to understand. List of
Subjects in 7 CFR Part 3430 Administrative practice and procedure, Agricultural
research, Education, Extension, Federal assistance. Accordingly, the Department
of Agriculture, National Institute of Food and Agriculture, adopts the final
rule amending 7 CFR part 3430 which was published at 75 FR 54759 on September 9,
2010, and amends 7 CFR part 3430 as set forth below: PART 3430--COMPETITIVE AND
NONCOMPETITIVE NON-FORMULA FEDERAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS--GENERAL AWARD
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 0 1. The authority citation for part 3430 continues to
read as follows: Authority: 7 U.S.C. 3316; Pub. L. 106-107 (31 U.S.C. 6101
note). Subpart G--Agriculture and Food Research Initiative 0 2. Add Sec.
3430.313 to read as follows: Sec. 3430.313 Inclusion of research topics proposed
by national and state commodity boards in request for applications. NIFA will
solicit funding ideas under this subpart from statutorily defined national and
state commodity boards for research topics that the commodity boards are willing
to co-fund equally with NIFA under the AFRI competitive grant program. If the
ideas are evaluated and found to be consistent with the AFRI statutory
priorities and priorities noted in the President's budget request related to
NIFA, the topics will be incorporated in existing program areas in the relevant
AFRI Request for Applications (RFA(s)). Researchers wishing to submit a proposal
on a topic suggested by a commodity board will be required to obtain a letter of
support from the co-funding commodity board. The applications submitted in
response to a commodity board co-funded topic will compete against all proposals
submitted in the same RFA program area. Supported applications will receive no
preference regarding the evaluation of their scientific merit. Letters of
commodity board support will be used by NIFA solely to determine that the
application fits within the commodity board co-funded topic and [[Page 58811]]
the commodity board is willing to co-fund that application, if it is evaluated
by the review panel as being meritorious and recommended for award. Done at
Washington, DC, this 29 day of July, 2016. Robert E. Holland, Associate Director
for Operations, National Institute of Food and Agriculture. [FR Doc. 2016-18422
Filed 8-25-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-22-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                            September 8, 2008 Monday
                                  1ST Edition

pounds 64m deal for Midlands as Brown brings Cabinet to city

BYLINE: Paul Dale Public Affairs Editor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 729 words


The Prime Minister is to attend crucial talks with business and council leaders
in Birmingham today following the announcement of a pounds 64 million package of
economic aid for the West Midlands.

Mr Brown will meet 40 representatives from across the region this afternoon,
shortly after holding an historic Cabinet meeting in the city centre.

It will be the first time that the full Cabinet has gathered for a routine
weekly business meeting outside of London.

In an effort to respond to growing business failures, rising unemployment and
the likelihood of recession, West Midlands Minister Liam Byrne will confirm that
regional development agency Advantage West Midlands is to direct pounds 64
million to prop up the ailing economy.

The money will come from AWM's existing pounds 300 million budget but means the
initiatives can be prioritised.

Underpinning the regional day of action, senior Cabinet members including Health
Secretary Alan Johnson, Schools Secretary Ed Balls, work and Pensions Secretary
James Purnell, Culture Secretary Andy Burnham and Foreign Secretary David
Miliband will hold meetings in the morning at various locations across the West
Midlands.

The session with business representatives, to be chaired by Mr Byrne, will
enable ministers to "listen to first-hand economic experiences to find out what
is happening on the ground", an AWM spokesman said.

Talks will focus around the launch of the The West Midlands Economy - A joint
response to changing economic circumstances, a report prepared by Advantage West
Midlands on behalf of the Government.

The document outlines the national and local support available to businesses and
consumers during what the Government describes as a period of "unprecedented
challenges."

The AWM package includes:

pounds 48 million gap funding initiative to encourage commercial property
developers into the market

pounds 13 million regional infrastructure funding programme to help deliver
projects that might otherwise fail in current market conditions

pounds 2.75 million recruitment scheme to place 2,000 graduates into jobs in
small and medium sized enterprises across the region.

In addition, there will be increased capital investment grant support for small
and medium sized businesses.

AWM is removing the Selective Finance for Investment scheme's pounds 100,000
grant limit for small and medium size companies throughout the region, enabling
firms to expand, modernise, boost productivity and create jobs.

Treasury Secretary, Yvette Cooper, said: "The West Midlands, like every region
across the world, is being affected by the twin economic problems of the credit
crunch and the high oil and food prices.

"But the West Midlands economy has great strengths to help it get through the
tougher times, thanks in part to the major public and private investment and
local innovation we've seen in the past ten years.

"We are determined that Government will work with regional and local
organisations to help families and businesses through the tougher times, and
that includes continuing to support the necessary long term investment for the
future of the West Midlands."

Mr Byrne added: "Nothing knocks the Midlands down. The West Midlands faces the
future with fantastic foundations - a cando attitude, an economy pounds 30
billion bigger than a decade ago and 100,000 people extra in work."

AWM chief executive Mick Laverty added: "The core strengths of the West Midlands
economy should enable us to face up to the global economic impacts of tighter
credit conditions and increases in global commodity prices.

"In the short term, it is important that businesses are clear about exactly what
support is offered by Government and by regional and local agencies to help them
manage in these difficult times."

Mr Laverty also highlighted the importance of delivering the West Midlands
Economic Strategy, Connecting to Success, launched in 2007.

He said: "Connecting to Success recognises that successful economic performance
depends crucially on three key factors - the businesses which make up the
economy, the places in which they operate, and the people who comprise the
labour force."

We are determined that Government will work with regional and local
organisations to help families and businesses through the tougher times Treasury
Secretary Yvette Cooper

paul.dale@birminghampost.net

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Wales on Sunday

                               February 20, 2011
                                  1st Edition

THE AMOUNT OF CASH THE WELSH ASSEMBLY HAS PLOUGHED INTO WELSHSOCCER FROM
2003-2010 ;
THE AMOUNT OF THE AMOUNT OF CASH THE WELSH CASH THE WELSH ASSEMBLY HAS ASSEMBLY
HAS ASSEMBLY HAS PLOUGHED INTO WELSH PLOUGHED INTO PLOUGHED INTO SINCE XXXX
WELSH SOCCER WELSH SOCCER FROM 2003-2010: Football chiefs seek urgent talks as
statistics show the sport is lagging behind in handouts SOCCER FROM 2003-2010

BYLINE: STEVE TUCKER

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 979 words


FOOTBALL has been revealed as very much the sporting poor relation when it comes
to handouts from taxpayers in Wales.

Incredible figures showing direct National Assembly funding for the big three
sports illustrate just how far football's governing body, the FAW, is lagging
behind rugby's WRU and Glamorgan Cricket Club.

The statistics released under the Freedom of Information Act show that between
2003 and 2010 the Welsh Assembly government poured pounds 1,727,268 of taxpayers
money into Glamorgan Cricket club and pounds 1,529,025 into the WRU But just
pounds 7,735 found its way to the FAW's coffers.

The FAW said they were aware of the huge disparity and were now keen for new
chief executive Jonathan Ford to sit down with Assembly Government officials in
Cardiff Bay to explore how relations between both bodies might be developed in
the future.

The money was paid by the Assembly Government to the organisations by way of
grants, sponsorship and through the purchase of tickets for Assembly staff and
for hospitality for business clients.

Part of the taxpayers cash was paid by the Assembly for the use of facilities to
host events and training courses, with the rest covering infrastructure projects
and planning, legal or consultancy fees.

Glamorgan Cricket chief executive Alan Hamer confirmed pounds 1.2m of the money
received from the Assembly had gone towards bringing the Ashes to the Welsh
capital.

Glamorgan had to pay the English Cricket Board pounds 3m to host the first test
against Australia at the newly-refurbished Swalec Stadium back in July 2009.

Glamorgan were also keen to point out they spend pounds 100,000 a year on
various community projects.

"Glamorgan have to physically bid for international matches, which is a
different process than any other sport," said Mr Hamer.

"Without the support of the Welsh Assembly Government and Cardiff Council we
would not have staged the Ashes in 2009.

"This event was a huge success for the whole of Wales, both in raising its
profile and the economic impact the event had on the whole of the country."

Meanwhile, the WRU stressed that much of the pounds 1.5m they had received was
used to pay for projects which had not just benefited rugby in the nation, but
the wider community as ahold.

A WRU spokesman said the organisation had worked hard to foster a close working
relationship with the Assembly Government.

"The WRU is the governing body of the national sport of Wales and works hard to
align its strategies with the Welsh Assembly Government wherever possible," said
the WRU spokesman.

"This means we constantly seek to establish projects, initiative and strategies
which champion activities associated with rugby in Wales.

"These activities range from healthy-living initiatives to improvements projects
involving clubs in economically challenged areas, Welsh language activity and
schemes associated with the legacy of major events at the Millennium Stadium.

"Many of these initiatives are achieved and progressed with no outside funding
and over the years we are pleased to have received financial support from
relevant funding sources when clear benefits for all parties have been
identified.

"The WRU will continue to seek out ways of utilising our structure involving
some 300 active clubs to improve the communities they represent and Wales as a
nation."

Having received less than pounds 8,000 over the last seven years the FAW
admitted is relationship with the Assembly government did need to be developed
further.

"We are aware of the figures," said an FAW spokesman.

"We are always keen to find different avenues for advancing the sport of
football in Wales and helping the wider community as a whole and we have a host
of projects and schemes in place already doing this.

"We do need to sit down and discuss matters with the Welsh Assembly Government
and look to the future."

Meanwhile, the Assembly Government itself has insisted football in Wales was
receiving plenty of funding, even if not directly from itself. A spokesperson
said Sport Wales, which is funded by the assembly, had between 2002-10 given
pounds 11.69m, not to the FAW itself, but the charitable organisation linked to
it, the FAW Trust.

During the same period cricket received pounds 8.7m from Sport Wales and rugby
pounds 9m.

"We recognise the importance of football in Wales," the WAG spokesperson said.
"The figures given in this FOI are not representative of our investment in the
development of sport in Wales.

"For example, through Sport Wales we have given more than pounds 800,000 to the
FAW Trust to develop grassroots football this year.

"The amounts referred to in the FOI request are for specific events, projects or
campaigns. Many of these have wider benefits and meet different Assembly
Government objectives.

"For example, the pounds 1.2m we gave to Glamorgan Cricket Club to bring the
Ashes Test match to Cardiff met the criteria of our major-events strategy to
boost the economy, tourism and raise the profile of Wales internationally, as
well as promote the sport.

"Our Major Events Unit is also working closely with the FAW in support of
efforts to attract major football events to Wales."

WHAT DOES pounds 7K BUY? CRAIG Bellamy's wages for part OF a day, the Cardiff
City captain, right, reported to be on around pounds 90,000 a week.

LEE Trundle for a month, the former Swansea favourite said to be on almost
pounds 2,000 a week with Welsh Premier Neath.

A SECOND-hand saloon car, fully taxed, to take a few players to a game.

ABOUT 14 season tickets for you and your mates to go and watch Cardiff City
play.

THE chance to set up new teams, providing coaching, equipment and support
youngsters in Wales. A COUPLE of A-grade hospitality boxes, with 12 guests, for
the Wales v England match at the Millennium Stadium.

A SIGNED Ryan Giggs shirt at an auction.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Glamorgan's Alan Hamer says pounds 1.2m of Assembly money went towards
bringing the Ashes to Wales While cash has been ploughed into realising
Glamorgan's dream of hosting an Ashes Test (see above, left) and Welsh rugby has
received significant handouts, Aaron Ramsey and Welsh soccer will have benefited
very little from Welsh Assembly support

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ws


                    Copyright 2011 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Tending to our immigration needs

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 889 words


It may come as a surprise to many the Province of New Brunswick does indeed have
a formalized written Immigration Strategy, covering the period 2014-2017. New
Brunswick's Immigration Policy is contained within the Province's Population
Growth Strategy. Among several population expansion objectives, the strategy
specifically identifies the need for increased immigration both from a business
and worker perspective.

Given the existing and projected demographic and economic reality of New
Brunswick it is amazing to me that the province's immigration policy continues
to operate in the shadows, removed from the consciousness of the vast majority
of New Brunswickers.

To be fair, the above observation cannot be considered in isolation from the
Government of Canada. In Canada's federal system the Constitution Act serves to
outline the division of powers between the federal government and
provinces/territories. While the vast majority of constitutional powers are
assigned on an exclusive basis, immigration is considered a concurrent
jurisdiction. That is to say that administration of this constitutional power is
a shared responsibility, with federal laws being paramount to conflicting
provincial laws.

Over the last couple of years we have witnessed major legislative/policy changes
as the federal government strives to balance diverse objectives in an ever
changing environment. These considerations include the economy, labour force
composition, national security interests, public safety, public health and our
collective international/humanitarian obligations. In so doing, the government
of Canada reserves exclusive authority with respect to the entry of foreign
nationals and the grant of residency, be it temporary, permanent or citizenship.

This brings us to back to New Brunswick. Over the last decade for a variety of
reasons, largely demographic and economic, the provinces have negotiated
immigration programs commonly referred to as Provincial Nomination Programs
(PNP"s). I note that the province of Quebec has been actively developing
immigration initiatives since the 1970s. To be clear these PNPs are residency
based, economic in design and tailored to the economic needs as defined by the
respective Provinces subject to concurrence by CIC.

It is extremely unfortunate that the New Brunswick Business Immigration program
has been suspended since the Fall of 2013, in order to clear the existing
inventory of applications. Nonetheless, this suspension is resulting in
qualified business immigrants seeking options in other provinces or countries.
The fact of the matter is that Business Immigration Attraction is a very
competitive business and quite frankly, I am not so sure we in New Brunswick
recognize fully this reality. While all New Brunswickers expect government to
ensure entry based on an assessment of the above noted considerations, our
assessment criteria must place a greater weight on the overall economic impact
of an applicant. This, as opposed to simply an absolute adherence to a long list
of guidelines that may serve to obscure significant economic impact.

I am encouraged that the Province is moving in the direction of a Provisional
Business Visa enabling business immigrants the opportunity to utilize their
business skills to start their business as part of the Permanent Residency
process. This approach may remove the current situation where government
staffers are essentially picking "winners "and "losers" based on their
assessment of what amounts to a summary business plan. Designed properly, this
approach has the potential to reduce an increasingly uncompetitive processing
time and result in business start-ups in line with the immigrant's skills,
expertise and market, instead of the all too common practice of tailoring the
business investment to the perception/reality of a program officer.

While New Brunswick's PNP worker program is exclusively designed for permanent
residency we have seen much controversy with respect to the Temporary Foreign
Worker Program, a federal responsibility. This controversy has in some ways cast
negative perceptions on TFW's and placed extremely restrictive guidelines on our
SME community in their efforts to survive and grow. The reality in New Brunswick
is that at the end 2013 there were approximately 1300 TFWs against a total
labour force of 390,000 or 0.33 per cent.

The province's own occupational projections indicate that over the next 5 years
there will be up to 60,000 job openings. Given the magnitude to these numbers we
will need every bit of population growth we can muster; natural, immigration and
repatriation.

All that to say this. In order to fully realize the benefits of immigration the
Province must move the Immigration Strategy from the "Shadows" to the "Light"
such that it becomes a central plank in our go forward economic development
strategy. In order to accomplish this, government must assume a lead to role in
educating our population in this regard.

Could there be political consequences in this approach? Yes, but so too is the
case with all government decisions. Is this the right approach at the right
time? Absolutely.

Larry DeLong is a Partner in Invest Atlantic Alliance, an International Business
Services company with offices in New Brunswick and China. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015
Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

USDA invests $13.6 million in citrus greening research

LENGTH: 548  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) today announced four grants totaling more than $13.6 million
to combat a scourge on the nation's citrus industry, citrus greening disease,
aka Huanglongbing. The funding is made possible through NIFA's Specialty Crop
Research Initiative (SCRI) Citrus Disease Research and Extension Program,
authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill.





 "The economic impact of citrus greening disease is measured in the billions,"
said NIFA Director Sonny Ramaswamy. "NIFA investments in research are critical
measures to help the citrus industry survive and thrive, and to encourage
growers to replant with confidence."



 Huanglongbing (HLB) is currently the most devastating citrus disease worldwide.
HLB was first detected in Florida in 2005 and has since affected all of
Florida's citrus-producing areas leading to a 75 percent decline in Florida's $9
billion citrus industry. Fifteen U.S. States or territories are under full or
partial quarantine due to the presence of the Asian citrus psyllid (ACP), a
vector for HLB.



 Since 2009, USDA has invested more than $400 million to address citrus
greening, including more than $57 million through the Citrus Disease Research
and Extension Program since 2014. Awards for grant applications submitted in FY
2016 include:



     - Clemson University, Clemson, South Carolina, $4,274,523



     - Regents of the University of California, Riverside, California,
$5,112,000



     - Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa, $2,476,099



     - USDA Agricultural Research Service (ARS), Athens, Georgia, $1,821,197



 Funded projects include Clemson University researchers using naturally
HLB-resistant citrus trees to develop new resistant varieties using the
CRISPR-Cas9 genome editing tool. The Regents of the University of California
project will design and identify HLB bactericides based on both natural and
nanotechnology approaches. Researchers at Iowa State University will investigate
the use of sustainable, naturally occurring soil bacteria to control ACP. The
ARS project will identify and assess the effectiveness and economic viability of
chemotherapy treatment options.



 More information on these projects is available on the NIFA website.



 Among past projects, the University of Florida developed bactericides to help
recover fruit production in HLB-affected orchards. Research at the University of
California used virulence proteins to develop strategies for creating citrus
rootstocks that are immune to HLB.



 NIFA is a member of the federal Multi-Agency Coordination (MAC) group to help
deliver near-term tools to citrus growers to combat HLB. In addition, NIFA
support to the National Plant Diagnostic Network helps plant diagnostic
laboratories share best practices and expedite diagnoses and screening for ACP
and HLB. The network coordinates diagnostician training in HLB with USDA's
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service's Plant Protection and Quarantine.
These services enable rapid and accurate diagnoses and support U.S. food
security.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                      December 1, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Maryland Shows Promise for W2B (waste-to-biofuels) Project Initiatives

LENGTH: 471  words


Dec. 1 -- As populations continue to grow, cities, states and governments are
trying to find ways to satisfy their needs in order to extend the prosperous
economic impacts that these people bring to their communities. However, as these
population centers expand so does their level of waste generation. This is a
problem many municipalities are currently facing and have begun to seek creative
solutions for this growing problem. Until recently, the solution has often been
a 'short-term fix' such as shipping their waste to neighboring cities, states or
countries when their landfills become overcrowded. This could never be a
long-term solution.

The U.S. State of Maryland has taken a different approach. This state has chosen
to be a leader in a greener, more environmentally friendly way, through the
consideration of a W2B solution. Many municipalities within the state are
talking with companies, like Abengoa, to create approaches that will take their
municipal solid waste (MSW) and generate energy, either in the form of
electricity, fuels or other potentially high-value products. This is a
fundamental shift in government perspective on how waste can actually be a
benefit to the surrounding area, rather than a hazard.

The 'Maryland Open for Business' initiative provides an environment that is key
to attracting foreign investors who can provide industry expertise while
profiting from the areas booming population and economic potential. As a
designated area of focus, Abengoa Bioenergy has led efforts to integrate itself
within the state and showcase its W2B technology.

Each year government officials and companies from throughout the region gather
at the Maryland Association of Counties (MACo) Summer Conference. During this
three-day event topics such as energy, employment, leveraging private
investment, grant opportunities for community needs, economic development, among
others are on the minds of attendees while they network.

During this year's MACo event in August, Abengoa Bioenergy sponsored a private
luncheon where Abengoa employees had the opportunity to meet with local and
state government officials, network and discuss how Abengoa's W2B technology
could alleviate their municipality's waste issues. Gaining this kind of unique
exposure was quite productive in meeting key business persons, as Abengoa
Bioenergy is a candidate in a Maryland county's request for proposal (RFP)
process for a W2B project.

As Abengoa continues educating municipalities about how their MSW can be used as
a feedstock for W2B technologies, Abengoa Bioenergy will remain at the forefront
in building relationships to aid these potential customers in providing their
communities with a waste disposal option that will improve air quality and
reduce the environmental impact of economic progress.

Source: Abengoa Bioenergy

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             March 7, 2013 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Hobe Sound man works toward energy efficiency

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD POST; Pg. 7N

LENGTH: 389 words


For Hobe Sound resident Bill McConaghy, it has already been a busy year.

Since starting his new position last month as a loan specialist for the
nonprofit Solar and Energy Loan Fund (SELF), his office has already begun
processing loan applications and evaluations for residents seeking
energy-efficient home improvements.

McConaghy, 36, was hired to oversee the nonprofit organization's recent
expansion into Martin County.

SELF started in St. Lucie County in 2011 after qualifying for a federal grant.

The program provides clean energy evaluations and loans for homeowners and
businesses seeking energy-efficient improvements and solar products.

McConaghy said he was excited to help bring the program and its potential
economic impact to Martin County.

"Anytime I can help the residents of Martin County, it's something that's very
gratifying to me," he said. "I love the area and whenever you're able to have a
direct impact. SELF has already helped 175 families."

McConaghy, a licensed real estate broker, is hardly a new name to Martin County
business community.

He served the past four years as vice president of Economic Development for
Strategic Development Initiatives, a consulting firm specializing in
redevelopment.

He has served as a member of the affordable housing advisory committee and the
Class 23 Martin County Leadership program.

McConaghy, who lives in Hobe Sound with his wife Adrienne and their 4-year-old
daughter Shaylin, said he studied advertising and political science at the
University of Florida but decided a decade ago to pursue a career in real
estate.

Q&A What are your hobbies?

Family date night, with Adrienne and Shaylin is my favorite activity and that
can include the standard dinner and a movie, a community event like the Port
Salerno Seafood Fest, a picnic ... or a group of friends who get together on the
beach. If the day ends with ice cream the family is happy.

Who would like to meet and have dinner with?

Elon Musk, the CEO of Tesla and Solar City. He was in Iron Man 2. They say he
was the genius billionaire that wanted to change the world with his electric
cars and solar energy.

Who is your hero or someone who has inspired you?

My parents, Desmond and Sandra Bellew, are the two most hard-working and
selfless people I know. They are always willing to help me, even when it's not
convenient for them.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            October 12, 2012 Friday

Cultural Council gives $2.47M to 22 groups;
Museum of Science & History receives largest grant of $349,000

BYLINE: Charlie Patton

SECTION: Pg. B-2

LENGTH: 402 words


The Cultural Council of Greater Jacksonville announced Thursday it has given
$2.47 million to 22 cultural organizations for fiscal year 2012-13 through the
Cultural Service Grant Program. The grant program is funded by the city and
administered by the Cultural Council.

The largest grant, $349,226, went to the Museum of Science & History, one of six
Level I organizations with annual budgets of more than $1 million.

Other Level 1 grants went to the Cummer Museum of Art & Gardens, $341,730; the
Florida Theatre, $285,155; the Jacksonville Symphony Association, $327,380; the
Museum of Contemporary Art Jacksonville, $174,736; and WJCT Public Broadcasting,
$307,656.

The largest grant to a Level II organization (annual budget of $250,000-$1
million) was $157,672 to the Cathedral Arts Project. Other Level II
organizations receiving grants were the Beaches Museum and History Park,
$38,933; Friday Musicale $35,598; Jacksonville Children's Chorus, $58,723;
Players by the Sea, $72,958; the Ritz Chamber Players, $37,249; the Riverside
Fine Arts Association, $27,060; Theatre Jacksonville, $95,436; and Theatreworks,
$49,142.

The largest grant to a Level III organization (annual budget less than $250,000)
was $41,469 to the Jacksonville Historical Society. Other Level III
organizations receiving grants were Atlantic Beach Experimental Theatre, $9,401;
the Beaches Fine Arts Series, $39,664; City Kids Art Factory, $6,542; Don't Miss
A Beat, $2,624; Florida Ballet, $2,354; and the Mandarin Museum and Historical
Society, $4,542.

Funding recommendations, which were approved by the Cultural Council board, were
made by the Cultural Service Grant Panel, which is comprised of community
representatives, Cultural Council board members, and representatives from the
Mayor's Office and the City Council. Funds are given quarterly to organizations
that have met the requirements of their grants.

"These organizations are poised to provide high quality and innovative programs
that positively impact Jacksonville's quality of life and at the same time
stimulate economic development," said Robert Arleigh White, the Cultural
Council's executive director.

The Northeast Florida Center for Community Initiatives at the University of
North Florida estimates that in fiscal year 2011 the economic impact in
Jacksonville of organizations receiving money through the grant program was $66
million.

Charlie Patton: (904) 359-4413

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Florida Times-Union


                              545 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Daily Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                             July 21, 2015 Tuesday

Award hope for uni leavers firms group

BYLINE: James Franklin

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 384 words


AN INITIATIVE coordinated by a Hampshire university to support entrepreneurs has
been shortlisted for a prestigious award.

SETsquared was launched by the University of Southampton alongside a number of
other institutes to support entrepreneurs leaving universities in their bid to
create successful businesses.

And the partnership is now up for an accolade in the Higher Education Enterprise
Champion category of the National Enterprise Educator Awards.

The partnership was launched with universities in Bath, Bristol, Exeter and
Surrey, and is designed to help postdoctoral researchers make their business
dreams a reality.

The Researcher to Innovator programme helps researchers without the necessary
skills and knowledge to turn their projects into realities.

Entrepreneurs can gain mentoring and access to experts and investors to back
their projects.

It has already scooped a number of awards, such as being named the top
university business incubator in Europe and it has also been ranked as the
second-best university business incubator in the world.

The current programme is being run for six months with graduates in a number of
different disciplines and has helped more than 1,000 technology start-ups become
a reality in the last decade.

That in turn has raised more than £1bn of investment, while the economic impact
of SETsquared member companies has been estimated to be abound £3.8bn, creating
9,000 jobs and returning £7.3bn of investment back into the UK's economy.

Some of the companies that have been helped and gone on to become successes in
recent years include TruveInvivo, a Surrey-based firm that has developed ways of
measuring the radiation dosage received by cancer treatment patients that
recently won the Grant Thornton Entrepreneurial Excellence Award.

They also include Inductosense, which created a compact wireless sensing
technology that can be installed in structure and products for low-cost
monitoring.

Simon Bond, the innovation director for SETsquared, said: "We are truly honoured
to be shortlisted for this award. Seeing the phenomenal success of the
entrepreneurs we support is reward enough for us so this really is the icing on
the cake."

SETsquared will find out if it has won the award at a gala dinner and award
ceremony, which will take place in Chelmsford on September 10.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2016 Saturday

Agriculture and Food Research Initiative Competitive Federal Grants Program

LENGTH: 2107  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Rule document was issued by the National Institute of
Food and Agriculture (NIFA)



  Action



 Final rule with request for comments.

 Summary



 The National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) is publishing as a final
rule a revision to the general administrative guidelines applicable to the
Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI) competitive grant program. The
purpose of this final rule is to implement the Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative commodity board provision added by section 7404 of the Agricultural
Act of 2014 making it necessary to modify the AFRI regulations.



 Dates



 This final rule becomes effective on August 26, 2016. NIFA is requesting
comments for 30 days until September 26, 2016.

 Addresses



 You may submit comments, identified by Agriculture and Food Research Initiative
Competitive Federal Grants Program--General Administration Provisions, by any of
the following methods:



 Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.



 Email: commodityboards@nifa.usda.gov Include Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative Competitive Federal Grants Program --General Administration
Provisions in the subject line of the message.



 Instructions: All comments received must include the agency name and reference
to Agriculture and Food Research Initiative Competitive Federal Grants
Program--General Administration Provisions. All comments received will be posted
to http://www.regulations.gov, including any personal information provided.

 For Further Information Contact



 Maria Koszalka, Division Director, Policy and Oversight Division, Phone:
202-401-4325, Email: maria.koszalka@nifa.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information

 I. Background and Summary

 Authority



 This rulemaking is authorized by section 2(b) of the Competitive, Special, and
Faculties Research Grant Act 7 U.S.C. 450i(b).

 Organization of 7 CFR Part 3430



 A primary function of NIFA is the fair, effective, and efficient administration
of Federal assistance programs implementing agricultural research, education,
and extension programs. The awards made under the above authority are subject to
the NIFA assistance regulations at 7 CFR part 3430, Competitive and
Noncompetitive Non-formula Federal Assistance Programs --General Award
Administrative Provisions. NIFA's development and publication of this regulation
for its non-formula Federal assistance programs enhances its accountability and
standardizes procedures across the Federal assistance programs it administers
while providing transparency to the public. NIFA published 7 CFR part 3430 with
subparts A through F as a final rule on September 4, 2009 [74 FR 45736-45752].
These regulations apply to all Federal assistance programs administered by NIFA
except for the formula grant programs identified in 7 CFR 3430.1(f), the Small
Business Innovation Research programs with implementing regulations at 7 CFR
part 3403, and the Veterinary Medicine Loan Repayment Program (VMLRP), with
implementing regulations at 7 CFR part 3431.



 NIFA organized the regulation as follows: Subparts A through E provide
administrative provisions for all competitive and noncompetitive non-formula
Federal assistance programs. Subparts F and thereafter apply to specific NIFA
programs.



 NIFA is, to the extent practical, using the following subpart template for each
program authority: (1) Applicability of regulations, (2) purpose, (3)
definitions (those in addition to or different from §&thinsp;3430.2), (4)
eligibility, (5) project types and priorities, (6) funding restrictions, (7)
matching requirements, and (8) duration of grant. Subparts F and thereafter
contain the above seven components in this order. Additional sections may be
added for a specific program if there are additional requirements or a need for
additional rules for the program (e.g., additional reporting requirements).



 Through this rulemaking, NIFA is making minor additions to Subpart
G--Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI) in order to implement the
AFRI commodity board provision from section 7404 of the Agricultural Act of 2014
(Pub. L. 113-79).

 Subpart G of 7 CFR 3430



 Subpart G contains the administrative provisions for the Agriculture and Food
Research Initiative (AFRI). The purpose of AFRI is to make competitive grants
for fundamental and applied research, extension, and education to address food
and agricultural sciences, as defined under section 1404 of the National
Agriculture Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977, as amended (7
U.S.C. 3103).

 II. Revisions Included in the Final Rule

 Subpart G



 Section 7404 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 amended the general
administration, special considerations, and eligible entities subsections for
the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI) program, and added a special
contributions requirement making it necessary to modify the program's
administrative provisions.



 With this rule, NIFA makes clear that it will solicit funding ideas under this
subpart from statutorily defined national and state commodity boards for
research topics that the commodity boards are willing to co-fund equally with
NIFA under the AFRI competitive grant program. If the ideas are evaluated and
found to be consistent with the AFRI statutory priorities and priorities noted
in the President's budget request related to NIFA, the topics will be
incorporated in existing program areas in the relevant AFRI Request for
Applications (RFA(s)). Researchers wishing to submit a proposal on a topic
suggested by a commodity board will be required to obtain a letter of support
from the co-funding commodity board. The applications submitted in response to a
commodity board co-funded topic will compete against all proposals submitted in
the same RFA program area. Supported applications will receive no preference
regarding the evaluation of their scientific merit. Letters of commodity board
support will be used by NIFA solely to determine that the application fits
within the commodity board co-funded topic and the commodity board is willing to
co-fund that application, if it is evaluated by the review panel as being
meritorious and recommended for award.

 III. Administrative Requirements for the Rulemaking



 While the Administrative Procedure Act (APA), 5 U.S.C. 553(a)(2), specifically
exempts rules that involve public property, loans, grants, benefits, or
contracts from notice-and-comment requirements, NIFA is issuing this rule as
final with request for comments. Accordingly, NIFA is allowing 30 days for the
submission of comments.



 If upon consideration of the comments received in response to this notice NIFA
decides to amend the AFRI final rule, NIFA will issue a subsequent final rule
that includes an explanation of any changes made in response to the comments.

 Executive Order 12866 and Executive Order 13563



 Executive Orders 12866 and 13563 direct agencies to assess all costs and
benefits of available regulatory alternatives and, if regulation is necessary,
to select regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits (including potential
economic, environmental, public health and safety effects, distributive impacts,
and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the importance of quantifying both
costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of harmonizing rules, and of promoting
flexibility. This rule has been determined to be not significant.

 Regulatory Flexibility Act of 1980



 This final rule has been reviewed in accordance with the Regulatory Flexibility
Act of 1980, as amended by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness
Act of 1996, (5 U.S.C. 601-612). The Director certifies that this final
regulation will not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number
of small entities. This final regulation will affect institutions of higher
education receiving Federal funds under this program. The U.S. Small Business
Administration Size Standards define institutions as "small entities" if they
are for-profit or nonprofit institutions with total annual revenue below
$5,000,000 or if they are institutions controlled by governmental entities with
populations below 50,000. The rule does not involve regulatory and informational
requirements regarding businesses, organizations, and governmental jurisdictions
subject to regulation.

 Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA)



 The Department certifies that this final rule has been assessed in accordance
with the requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act, 44 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.
(PRA). The Department concludes that this final rule does not impose any new
information requirements or increase the burden hours. In addition to the SF-424
form families (i.e., Research and Related and Mandatory) and the SF-425 Federal
Financial Report (FFR) No. 0348-0061, NIFA has three currently approved OMB
information collections associated with this rulemaking: OMB Information
Collection No. 0524-0042, NIFA REEport; No. 0524-0041, NIFA Application Review
Process; and No. 0524-0026, Organizational Information.

 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance



 This final regulation applies to the following Federal financial assistance
programs administered by NIFA including CFDA No. 10.310, Agriculture and Food
Research Initiative (AFRI).

 Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 and Executive Order 13132



 The Department has reviewed this final rule in accordance with the requirements
of Executive Order No. 13132 and the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995, 2
U.S.C. 1501 et seq., and has found no potential or substantial direct effects on
the States, on the relationship between the national government and the States,
or on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. As there is no Federal mandate contained herein that could result in
increased expenditures by State, local, or tribal governments, or by the private
sector, the Department has not prepared a budgetary impact statement.

 Clarity of This Regulation



 Executive Order 12866 and the President's Memorandum of June 1, 1998, require
each agency to write all rules in plain language. The Department invites
comments on how to make this final rule easier to understand.

 List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 3430



 Administrative practice and procedure, Agricultural research, Education,
Extension, Federal assistance.



 Accordingly, the Department of Agriculture, National Institute of Food and
Agriculture, adopts the final rule amending 7 CFR part 3430 which was published
at 75 FR 54759 on September 9, 2010, and amends 7 CFR part 3430 as set forth
below:

 Regulatory Text

 Part 3430 Competitive and Noncompetitive Non Formula Federal Assistance
Programs General Award Administrative Provisions



 1. The authority citation for part 3430 continues to read as follows:

 Authority:



 7 U.S.C. 3316; Pub. L. 106-107 (31 U.S.C. 6101 note).

 Subpart G--Agriculture and Food Research Initiative



 2. Add §&thinsp;3430.313 to read as follows:

 §&thinsp;3430.313 Inclusion of research topics proposed by national and state
commodity boards in request for applications.



 NIFA will solicit funding ideas under this subpart from statutorily defined
national and state commodity boards for research topics that the commodity
boards are willing to co-fund equally with NIFA under the AFRI competitive grant
program. If the ideas are evaluated and found to be consistent with the AFRI
statutory priorities and priorities noted in the President's budget request
related to NIFA, the topics will be incorporated in existing program areas in
the relevant AFRI Request for Applications (RFA(s)). Researchers wishing to
submit a proposal on a topic suggested by a commodity board will be required to
obtain a letter of support from the co-funding commodity board. The applications
submitted in response to a commodity board co-funded topic will compete against
all proposals submitted in the same RFA program area. Supported applications
will receive no preference regarding the evaluation of their scientific merit.
Letters of commodity board support will be used by NIFA solely to determine that
the application fits within the commodity board co-funded topic and the
commodity board is willing to co-fund that application, if it is evaluated by
the review panel as being meritorious and recommended for award.

 Done at Washington, DC, this 29 day of July, 2016.

 Robert E. Holland,

 Associate Director for Operations, National Institute of Food and Agriculture.

 [FR Doc. 2016-18422 Filed 8-25-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-22-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Nelson Daily News (British Columbia)

                              June 3, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Art class starts right now

BYLINE: Michelle Mungall, Special to Nelson Daily News

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Around the Table; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 839  words


Ever heard the saying; "it takes money to make money?" I have, which can be
depressing since I don't have a lot of it. Nevertheless, the idea of investment
is the root of this common phrase. If you have a little, invest it wisely in
something that has proven itself, and you will receive dividends.

With that said, this column is going to be kind of like Economic Development
205: Arts and Culture in Nelson.

Class Intro: As many of you know, the Arts aren't just fluffy hobbies for those
who wear only black. Arts play an important role in defining our culture,
identity and history; they can calm us, anger us, motivate, inspire, sadden,
disappoint, and any other feeling you've ever had. Whether it's a painting of
the Rocket Richard, a ballet or the Scarlet Rose Review, the Arts make life
memorable.

Class Seminar One: Along with making life memorable, the Arts make money!
Despite the very real starving artist, the Arts can bring a lot of cash into a
community's hospitality industry, to the artists and supporting infrastructure.

A necessary reading for this class would be the Nelson and District Economic
Development Commiss-ion's 2001 study The Economic Impact of Arts and Culture in
Nelson. This study demonstrates how much money flows from the Arts into Nelson.
Net impact from the demand for Arts is $75 million. Total net economic impact of
arts and culture attributable to tourism is $71 million, and 63 per cent of
Nelson visitors say that arts and heritage appeal is important in choosing it as
a destination. Net income related to arts and culture is $15 million with an
employment impact of 581 full-time-equivalent jobs in Nelson and area. With
these findings, the study concludes that "the arts and heritage sector of the
Nelson economy indirectly supports other sectors of the economy by a factor of
ten." The evidence is in, and the Arts make Nelson money.

Class Seminar Two: The Arts make money, but are we getting all that we can out
of this revenue stream? Communities throughout North America captured their
artistic flair, and through effective marketing and business strategies, have
grown their flair into a thriving industry. With no cookie-cutter model for such
development, a community must identify what it needs to grow their flair into a
sustainable economic sector.

As a municipality needing economic development, Nelson city council struck an
Arts and Culture Task Force to answer the above question. Readings for this
class include the final report of the Task Force Working Group, as well as their
June Progress Report. After interviewing 100 Nelson and area residents, the
group found that the community felt economic impact of Arts and Culture would
increase with coordination of the arts community, external marketing of our
arts, and a municipal arts policy that provides direction as well as
celebration. Human resources are necessary to make these ideas into action, thus
the Working Group recommended that the municipality take lead on developing an
Arts Board, policy and office to promote and develop arts and culture tourism.

Class Seminar Three: Once methods for growth are identified, it's time for
action. Municipal governments have a key role in any form of local economic
development, the Arts included. Tourism is particularly a significant area of
economic development, and as noted above, the Arts play a considerable role in
tourism. This being the case, an ideal action plan for a municipality looking to
grow its economy through the Arts would need to invest in the Arts.

The NAEDC study concluded that the Arts might be the best investment value among
the choices available to the Nelson and regional governments. The Arts and
Culture Task Force identified strategies in which to move forward on this
conclusion. With the research in, Nelson city council acted by investing in the
Arts.

Prior to the final report of the Task Force, council made a major investment by
developing the Museum, Archives and Art Gallery into a premier cultural
attraction. With a new location in one of the City's foremost heritage
buildings, capital grant of $1 million and increased operating budget, the
City's new museum has already seen a return on its investment with its capital
grant being more than doubled by outside revenue sources.

However, an incredible museum can't grow the Arts sector all alone, making the
task force recommendations imperative. The City of Nelson has invested a fair
sum, with the help of outside funding from the ArtsNow Olympic Legacy fund, into
developing an Arts Board, policy and coordinated cultural tourism. This
investment will carry the Arts initiative forward so that in a year the new
Economic Development Partnership (between the City, Community Futures and the
Chamber of Commerce) will have tangible momentum to work with. In short, the
City has taken money to make money; it has made an investment.

Class Seminar Four: Term papers due. Don't forget that a diverse economy is a
sustainable economy.

Next week's council column will feature Councillor Doug Jay.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Nelson Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                 March 19, 1995, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

$10 million offered to attract U.N. office Ottawa adds grant to sweeten
Toronto's bid

BYLINE: By Nicolaas van Rijn Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 318 words


   Ottawa has thrown a $5 million sweetener into the pot to attract a United
Nations secretariat on climate to Toronto.

Officials hope the federal funds, combined with a $5 million grant already
promised by Toronto, will be enough to draw the U.N. Secretariat for the
Framework Convention on Climate Change to permanent offices in Toronto.

Mayor Barbara Hall said the city "is an ideal site for the permanent secretariat
because of our record of environmental action and the high quality of life we
afford to our citizens."

But Toronto's bid will be up against stiff competition from Geneva and Bonn when
U.N. officials meet in Berlin later this month to award the secretariat.

"Switzerland has offered $5 million a year to draw the secretariat," said
Michael Spowart, an assistant to Barry Campbell, the St. Paul's Liberal member
of Parliament and chairperson of the Greater Toronto Area Liberal caucus.

Switzerland "knows the value of these U.N. secretariats, and so it's going all
out to get as many of them as possible," he said.

While the climate secretariat is expected to create only 40 full-time jobs here,
it sponsors a number of international conferences worth $11 million a year,
according to estimates by the Metro Toronto Convention and Visitors Association.

"International organizations of this nature have a significant economic impact
for the entire region," Campbell said in announcing the federal matching funds.

"Toronto is a leader in the environmental community in Canada and is at the
forefront of Canada's environmental initiatives internationally," he added.

The $10 million offered by Toronto and the federal government will help pay for
ongoing secretariat operations.

The Toronto Economic Advisory Council, a private-sector group, has also offered
to provide the secretariat with rent- free downtown office space for five years.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              549 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 21, 2012 Thursday

New CD chief talks growth

BYLINE: Justin Sondel, Niagara Gazette, Niagara Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 714 words


June 21--Seth Piccirillo has wanted to work for Niagara Falls since he was a
kid.

Growing up on Woodlawn Avenue, Piccirillo knew that he wanted to work to improve
his city, and he now has that opportunity. The 30-year-old was hired in March to
serve as the director of the city's community development department. He and his
wife, Kelly, who teaches first grade at Niagara Street School, own a home in the
LaSalle neighborhood. Piccirillo has a master's degree in public administration
from the State University of New York at Brockport, and is thrilled that he will
be able to put his education to use in his hometown.

The Niagara Gazette sat down with Piccirillo to discuss his background and his
new role with the city. Here's what he had to say:

Question:

What interests you about working in public administration, specifically here in
the falls?

Piccirillo:

The future of Niagara Falls is so important to me. It's kind of like a
relationship. I love this city. It frustrates me at times. But, through all of
that I knew that this was always where I wanted to work and be a part of a team,
and Mayor Dyster gave me a really great opportunity to be in this position.

Q:

What do you feel makes you right for the job?

A:

I worked at the Niagara Frontier Transportation Authority and what we did was we
managed the federal grants, so there's a lot of similarities to what I was doing
at the NFTA and what this department does. So, I feel like it was a good fit.
Not just a good opportunity but a good fit.

Q:

How do you plan to use your new position to help Niagara Falls rebound from
decades of population loss and economic hardship?

A:

The mayor has tasked me with housing as my priority. I look at housing as
economic development. Everyone talks about jobs in this area. Even if you had a
major employer like an Apple Computer or the best examples of the modern economy
that wanted to come here and wanted to come here to build their headquarters, we
don't have the housing stock to have them live here. If you look at economic
impact, if people are just working here and they're living in Buffalo or
Lewiston, it's good, but it's not the tax base and discretionary income impact
that we need.

Q:

As you're first major initiative you have created a housing incentive program
that will help recent college graduates and graduate students pay back their
loans if they are willing to move downtown. How will giving people money to live
in the city improve the economic situation?

A:

I'm a realist. I look at the corner of Main and Third (streets). You have an
apartment building that has commercial possibilities on the ground floor. You
have store frontage that has been for sale, a vacant lot and you have what is
basically a cell phone kiosk on the other corner. By bringing people in a
cluster in the neighborhood, we want to develop that corner with those amenities
-- coffee shops, restaurants -- the amenities that people in a modern economy
are looking for. So, that's the bricks and mortar end of it, but you need people
to drive that investment.

Q:

What do you love abut your hometown and what frustrates you in Niagara Falls?

A: It's my home. It's where my family is. It's not just where I live, it's a
huge part of who I am. But when you live in Niagara Falls you are always
defending Niagara Falls and the reason that we do that is because we do love it.
It is a part of who we are. Over the years, we have developed this inferiority
complex where we can't have new ideas, we can't try new initiatives. The reality
is that we need to have new ideas to reverse 50 years of bad decisions. I think
Mayor Dyster shows that type of leadership. You need to have that creativity
because if we continue to go down the same path and infight and struggle between
us, we're not going to get anywhere. We have to make every decision based on
"does this grow population?". If you don't grow population, you are doing a
disservice to the people who live here because you are putting a financial and
social burden on just them. We cannot fix ourselves with just the people that
are here. We need to grow, and that's what we need to focus on.

___ (c)2012 the Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, N.Y.) Visit the Niagara Gazette
(Niagara Falls, N.Y.) at www.niagara-gazette.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120621-NF-New-CD-chief-talks-growth-0621-20120621

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NF


                         Copyright 2012 Niagara Gazette


                              550 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Kokomo Tribune (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 1, 2011 Sunday

Nickel Plate bridge could open by late summer

BYLINE: K.O. Jackson, Kokomo Tribune, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 711 words


May 01--PERU -- With a grant from the Indiana Department of Transportation that
was awarded last year, work is currently being done on the unused Nickel Plate
bridge, which will connect the northern and southern portions of the trail in
Peru.

According to Mike Kuepper, president of the Nickel Plate Trail Inc., INDOT's
grant covers 80 percent of the project's more than $927,000 expected cost.

The repair work on the 600-foot trestle bridge -- beside the Kelly Avenue Bridge
-- spanning the Wabash River is being completed by the Columbia City contractor
R.L. McCoy.

Engineering work for the project is being completed by the South Bend firm R.W.
Armstrong. Dale Wills, project engineer, said that, barring inclement weather,
work on the 16-foot wide bridge should be completed by late summer and the
target date for its opening is Aug. 5.

"This is an excellent bridge," said Wills. "Right now, we are working with the
weather, but the project is going really well. As long as we don't get hurt by
the weather, we are really making very good progress."

Specifications call for the bridge to support pedestrian and non-motorized
vehicle traffic. And once complete, Kuepper said, it will become "the focal
point on the trail."

"The project is going over really well," he said. "Once it's done, people should
experience it. It will be a great ride.

"For the past six years, this has been a step-by-step process. [The bridge] is
another step in completing the trail's gap in Peru. When it's done, it will have
an economic impact in not just Peru, but all the areas we touch."

Kuepper said volunteers have worked together with INDOT officials to complete
the work.

"It is a very exciting time for everyone involved," he added.

Work on the bridge involves rehabilitating the existing steel trusses, repairing
the piers, removing ties and providing a concrete deck for trail users. A steel
pedestrian railing will be provided on both sides of the bridge for safety, said
Kuepper.

The completed design will include an acid-stained dark concrete to make the deck
look more like railroad ties.

"That will be an unique feature of it," said Kuepper. "It will have cement
floors, but it will have a design that will make it appear as an actual train
track."

Approach slabs to the bridge will also be constructed, he said, as well as
wooden railing beside the approach. Kuepper said the bridge has always been a
key feature for the trail to enable pedestrians and cyclists to cross the river
safely.

And since cyclists currently use U.S. Business 31 to connect to the other parts
of the 36-mile trail -- which goes south to Cassville and north to Rochester --
completing the bridge work this summer is important to Dennis Babb.

"From the Monon in Indianapolis to the Nickel, there are several trail systems
in the area my family and I like to ride and we want to ride safely," said Babb,
of Bunker Hill. "Riding on trails is relaxing and it's good exercise. I am glad
they are working on this."

As work on the Nickel Plate Trail continues, statewide, trail initiatives have
earned Gov. Mitch Daniels' support. During his tenure, Daniels has doubled trail
funding from $10 million to $20 million.

Using existing corridors and abandoned railways, Daniels wants the money to
establish a system of connected trails that will provide fitness and health
options, improve the quality of life, and provide alternative means of
transportation.

With almost 3,000 miles of trails currently available in the state, Daniels'
goal is to have trails accessible within 15 minutes from all Indiana residents
by 2016.

The Nickel Plate Trail has benefited from Daniels' initiative, as the project
received a $900,000 grant in 2008 from the Indiana Department of Natural
Resources.

Through the efforts of volunteers, work on the trail has come a long way since
then, and organizers are excited about what the new bridge will do to further
improve the quality of recreation on the trail.

To see more of the Kokomo Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kokomotribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Kokomo Tribune, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110501-KO-Nickel-Plate-bridge-could-open-by-late-summer-0501-20110501

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KO


                         Copyright 2011 Kokomo Tribune


                              551 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 10, 2014 Saturday

Kleinpell Awarded First Place in the 2013 AJN Book of the Year Awards

LENGTH: 326  words

DATELINE: Chicago


Rush University has issued the following news release:

Ruth M. Kleinpell, PhD, RN-CS, FAAN, FAANP, FCCM, was awarded first place for
her book, Outcome Assessment in Advanced Practice Nursing, in the 2013 American
Journal of Nursing Book of the Year Awards in the Advanced Practice Nursing
Category.

From Springer Publishing Company, "Measuring the results of APN care has become
increasingly important as a way to demonstrate the significant impact of APN
nurses on practice outcomes. The third edition of this award-winning volume has
been updated to provide the most current knowledge, perspectives, and research
on assessing outcomes of APN care. It addresses not only the health outcomes of
APN practice but the economic impact of APN care as well. Chapters discuss
outcome measurement in all areas of advance practice nursing, including
identifying outcomes in specialty areas and in community and ambulatory
settings. The text provides detailed descriptions of how to conduct outcomes
assessments, how to locate the most current instruments and measures for APN
assessment, and perspectives on international initiatives in APN assessment."

Kleinpell is Director of the Center for Clinical Research and Scholarship at
Rush University Medical Center and a Professor at Rush University College of
Nursing. She is also a Nurse Practitioner at Our Lady of the Resurrection
Medical Center in Chicago. She serves as Chair of the American Academy of
Nursing's Expert Panel on Acute and Critical Care. Other recent awards include
recipient of the first American Association of Critical Care Nursing Impact
Research Grant and the AACN's 2010 Flame of Excellence Award for sustained
regional and national contributions to acute and critical care nursing. In 2012,
Kleinpell was inducted into the International Nurse Researcher Hall of Fame
through the Honor Society of Nursing, Sigma Theta Tau International.

For more information please visit: http://www.rushu.rush.edu

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 17, 2013 Sunday

HART to take bids for site

BYLINE: Elaine Blaisdell, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 620 words


Feb. 17--MCHENRY -- A Garrett County animal rescue shelter, HART for Animals, is
accepting bids for phase I of construction for a state-of-the-art,
12,000-square-foot facility to be located on Bumble Bee Road.

Phase I of the Homeless Animal Rescue and Transport for Animals facility will
consist of a veterinary clinic,  a boarding spa, a reception area and a small
store.

The total cost of construction for phase I is an estimated $2.2 million with
construction to be completed in midsummer, according to Michael Pellet,
president of HART.

Phase II will consist of an adoption center and will begin once phase I is
completed. The entire project is expected to be completed sometime this year,
according to Pellet.

"It (the adoption center) is very important to the county. It will relieve
pressure on the Garrett County Animal Shelter, which currently receives 1,200 to
1,500 (animals) a year but only has enough space for 40 animals," said Pellet,
who added that the project will create 35 jobs for the county. "HART provides
education to the general public about the humane treatment of animals. Our goal
is to improve the lives of domestic animals in the county."

In 2011, HART held its groundbreaking ceremony for the first phase of
construction. The site has been cleared and the foundation for the veterinary
clinic, reception area and boarding spa has been completed.

The veterinary clinic will provide a low-cost spay and neuter clinic for
low-income individuals, and the boarding spa will contain a grooming area,
according to Pellet.

The project is being done through fundraisers and grants. So far, close to
$600,000 has been raised and a $1.6 million U.S. Department of Agriculture loan
has been received for overall construction of the project, according to Pellet.
HART also received a $10,600 USDA grant and a $3,300 Economic Impact Initiative
grant, according to a HART newsletter.

"One hundred percent of funds raised will go toward the building," said Pellet.

Fundraising events include the Deep Creek Arts and Wine festival, which is the
biggest fundraiser, and monthly poker tournaments and other activities,
according to Pellet.

Money garnered from the operations at the facility, as well as money from
continuing fundraisers, will go toward funding the adoption center. The adoption
center will have the capacity to house 60 dogs, 30 puppies, 40 cats, plus
multiple kittens, according to Pellet.

HART works with the Garrett County Animal Shelter to save the lives of homeless
pets that would otherwise be euthanized.

To prevent the spread of disease, HART vaccinates all puppies and kittens
received at the county shelter, according to the HART website.

Since its founding, HART has been transporting adoptable animals to animal
shelters throughout the mid-Atlantic and on average has saved 600 animals per
year from being euthanized, according to Pellet.

In November 2007, Garrett County commissioners agreed to donate the land on
Bumble Bee Road, according to the HART website.

HART for Animals, which is nonprofit, was founded in 2003 by Caroline Robison
and Candy DeGiovanni and in August of that year the IRS granted the organization
its tax-exempt status.

Sealed bids for Phase I construction will be received by Pellet at the HART
office located on 610 Foy Road until noon on March 5. Copies of contract
documents for the project may be obtained at the office of Stoiber & Associates
located on Connecticut Avenue in Washington, D.C.

For more information on HART, visit www.hartforanimals.org.

Contact Elaine Blaisdell at eblaisdell@times-news.com

___ (c)2013 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130217-UM-HART-to-take-bids-for-site-0217-20130217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2013 Cumberland Times-News


                              553 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               The Guardian (Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island)

                            November 2, 2004 Tuesday

A Salute to Our Veterans

BYLINE: MacDonald, Shari

SECTION: SPECIAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 477  words


From the PEI Network of Canada Volunteerism Initiative

"Veterans are the ultimate volunteers," stated Elmer Williams, a member of the
PEI Network of the Canada Volunteerism Initiative. From marching off to war to
protect our homes and country to contributing millions of dollars to community
projects and sharing their experiences with thousands of school children each
year, veterans make a great contribution to Canada.

The Royal Canadian Legion is one of the country's largest community service
organizations with programs touching the lives of hundreds of thousands of
ordinary citizens every year. Since 1926, members have been quietly working to
improve the quality of life for all Canadians, particularly veterans. Over 2.5
million hours of volunteer time are contributed each year assisting veterans, ex
service members and their families, seniors, youth and other charitable agencies
through Legion efforts. It is estimated that the Legion's annual economic impact
on communities exceeds $348 million.

Many veterans and their families remain active in The Royal Canadian Legion and
in its Ladies' Auxillary. The 19 Legion branches on PEI support youth by
awarding bursaries to deserving students, supporting the National Legion Track &
Field Program, and sponsoring many sports teams, along with Sea, Army and Air
Force Cadets Corps and Squadrons. The Legion remains committed to youth, with
almost every Legion branch in Canada investing over a total of $5 million
annually in one or more youth programs. The Legions support the Terry Fox Centre
'Encounters With Canada' program. "The Prince Edward Command is presently
undertaking a Commemorative History Booklet Project," says president Carmen
Phillips. "A copy of the final product will be supplied to all provincial and
school libraries on P.E.I. to be used as an educational tool for our youth." The
Legion wants youth to know that the freedoms they enjoy did not come without a
price. The annual Remembrance Essay, Poster and Poetry Contest challenges
students to think about the sacrifices made by those who gave their lives to
preserve our freedom.

This Remembrance Day, let us not forget the sacrifices made by men and women who
have served their country during times of war, but let us also pay tribute to
the on-going contributions of veterans to their communities. On behalf of all
Islanders, we salute you.

The Canada Volunteerism Initiative (CVI) is a federal initiative to promote and
encourage Canadians to participate in voluntary organizations and to improve the
capacity of organizations to benefit from the contribution of volunteers and
enhance the experience of volunteering. The PEI network of the CVI may be
reached at peivolunteernetwork@bbema.ca, or by calling 886-2188 or toll-free
1-866-568-2188.

Submitted by Shari MacDonald, Coordinator, PEI Network of Canada Volunteerism
Initiative

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2004 The Guardian, a division of Hollinger Canadian Newspapers, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             July 30, 2011 Saturday

Costa Rica: Mainstreaming Market-based Instruments for Environmental Management
Project

LENGTH: 400  words


GEF Project ID 2884
IBRD PO ID 98838
Funding Source GEF Trust Fund
Country Costa Rica
Region Latin America and Caribbean
Focal Area Biodiversity
Operational Program 3; 4
Pipeline Entry Date November 03, 2005
Approval Date March 31, 2006
CEO Endorsement Date May 05, 2006
GEF Agency Approval Date June 08, 2006
Project Completion Date July 31, 2012
GEF Agency IBRD - The World Bank
The objective of the proposed project is to secure the long-term sustainability
of the Payment for Environmental Services (PSA) program for sustainable natural
resource management and biodiversity conservation.

The objective will be achieved through the following initiatives; 1) developing
and using new financing sources, including new water tariff and carbon emission
reductions sales; 2) strengthening the Biodiversity Trust Fund established by
FONAFIFO to provide for the long term financing of biodiversity conservation and
sustainable natural resource management in areas where these funding sources
might not be sufficient; 3) increasing the program%s efficiency by
differentiating payments according to the level of environmental services
provided; 4) establishing a system with consistent monitoring of environmental,
social and economic impacts of the program; and 5) increasing the PSA Program%s
contribution to poverty reduction in rural areas. Jan 18 2006: The global
environmental objective of the project is to enhance the conservation of
globally significant biodiversity and ensure its long-term sustainability by
mainstreaming market-based instruments in productive landscapes in the
bufferzones of protected areas and the corridors connecting them. The project
will develop new financing mechanisms with targeted approaches based on the
characteristics of demand for specific services, e.g. hydrological, biodiversity
and carbon. The project will have the following four components: 1) Developing
and implementing sustainable financing mechanism 2) Scaling up the environmental
services program 3) Deepening the PSA program%s contribution to rural poverty
reduction
GEF Project Grant 10,000,000 US$
GEF Grant 10,000,000 US$
Cofinancing Total 80,303,501 US$
Project Cost 90,303,501 US$
GEF Agency Fees 900,000 US$
GEF Project Grant (CEO Endo.) 10,000,000 US$
Cofinancing Total (CEO Endo.) 80,310,000 US$
Project Cost (CEO Endo.) 90,310,000 US$

country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             April 19, 2011 Tuesday

Costa Rica: Mainstreaming Market-based Instruments for Environmental Management
Project

LENGTH: 406  words


GEF Project ID 2884
IBRD PO ID 98838
Funding Source GEF Trust Fund
Country Costa Rica
Region Latin America and Caribbean
Focal Area Biodiversity
Operational Program 3; 4
Pipeline Entry Date November 03, 2005
Approval Date March 31, 2006
CEO Endorsement Date May 05, 2006
GEF Agency Approval Date June 08, 2006
Project Completion Date July 31, 2012
Project Status Under Implementation
GEF Agency IBRD - The World Bank
The objective of the proposed project is to secure the long-term sustainability
of the Payment for Environmental Services (PSA) program for sustainable natural
resource management and biodiversity conservation.

The objective will be achieved through the following initiatives; 1) developing
and using new financing sources, including new water tariff and carbon emission
reductions sales; 2) strengthening the Biodiversity Trust Fund established by
FONAFIFO to provide for the long term financing of biodiversity conservation and
sustainable natural resource management in areas where these funding sources
might not be sufficient; 3) increasing the program%s efficiency by
differentiating payments according to the level of environmental services
provided; 4) establishing a system with consistent monitoring of environmental,
social and economic impacts of the program; and 5) increasing the PSA Program%s
contribution to poverty reduction in rural areas. Jan 18 2006: The global
environmental objective of the project is to enhance the conservation of
globally significant biodiversity and ensure its long-term sustainability by
mainstreaming market-based instruments in productive landscapes in the
bufferzones of protected areas and the corridors connecting them. The project
will develop new financing mechanisms with targeted approaches based on the
characteristics of demand for specific services, e.g. hydrological, biodiversity
and carbon. The project will have the following four components: 1) Developing
and implementing sustainable financing mechanism 2) Scaling up the environmental
services program 3) Deepening the PSA program%s contribution to rural poverty
reduction
GEF Project Grant 10,000,000 US$
GEF Grant 10,000,000 US$
Cofinancing Total 80,303,501 US$
Project Cost 90,303,501 US$
GEF Agency Fees 900,000 US$
GEF Project Grant (CEO Endo.) 10,000,000 US$
Cofinancing Total (CEO Endo.) 80,310,000 US$
Project Cost (CEO Endo.) 90,310,000 US$

country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright Tenders Info 2011
                        Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Nelson Daily News (British Columbia)

                           February 10, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

City looks to 2010 Games fund to bolster arts scene: $20,000 would go towards
economic development strategy for Nelson arts sector

BYLINE: Nelson Daily News

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 368  words


The city is looking to collect $20,000 to further bolster Nelson's arts sector.

Nine thousand dollars of that money, used to develop a strategic economic
approach for Nelson's cultural sector, will come from the city's portion of last
year's Regional Economic Development coffer. The city is going to apply to the
2010 Olympic Games LegaciesNow fund for another $10,000. The remaining $1,000
will come from Regional District areas E and H.

The strategic development project stems from recommendations made in the 2003
Economic Impact of the Arts study and again by the 2004 Arts and Culture Task
Force.

"Both of those initiatives acknowledged the economic importance of the arts in
the Nelson area," said Councillor Donna Macdonald, "and they really pointed to a
need for a more focused and strategic approach to cultural development if we're
really going to achieve the full potential of this economic sector."

"We know what the problem is," Macdonald surmised, "and that's that there is a
lot of money coming into our community as a result of arts and heritage, but
it's benefiting the cultural sector itself to a much lesser extent.

"The challenge is to close that gap and make that economic sector more
sustainable."

Councillor Ian Mason supported the expenditure and the move to apply for the
Games cash. But Mason suggested that the Queen City's artists simply need to get
better at making money that's there for the taking.

"It's not a matter of artists not benefiting from tourists," said Mason.
"They're not taking advantage of the opportunities that the tourists present."

Macdonald agreed.

If the city gets the money it will be used on a number of projects including
creation of a public art policy, art marketing, and the establishment of an arts
advisory board.

Macdonald has drafted a grant application for the 2010 Creative Communities
program, a grant category with the LegaciesNow' ArtsNow funding program. The
LegaciesNow fund opened to applications at the end of January.

The opportunity to apply for the cash came after a meeting of local arts
organization representatives hosted by local Chamber of Commerce manager Roy
Heuckendorff, who is also a member of the Nelson region's Olympics planning
group.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Councillor Donna Macdonald agrees that Nelson artists need help in taking
advantage of economic opportunities. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Nelson Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           February 5, 2014 Wednesday
                                JERSEY-D Edition

In Rutgers strategic plan,health a main Camden goal

BYLINE: By Jonathan Lai; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; P-com Education; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 623 words


NEWARK, N.J. Rutgers University's board of governors on Tuesday approved a
five-year strategic plan that, among other things, outlines the mission of each
of its three campuses.

"Rutgers University-Camden excels at engaging its student body and the
surrounding community," the plan reads, noting especially the campus'
"educational and economic impact in South Jersey and Delaware Valley."

The 15-member board formally approved the plan Tuesday afternoon at a regularly
scheduled meeting. It had been presented a draft in December.

The plan lays out broad areas to focus on, such as increasing faculty size and
research output, and improving graduation rates.

Robert L. Barchi, the university's president, announced the strategic planning
process shortly after arriving in 2012. The process began that December, with
surveys, focus groups, and town hall meetings to gather information.

While Camden and the other two campuses must now develop specific goals, "let's
be very clear that Newark and Camden were intimately involved with the
generation of this plan," Barchi said in an interview. He envisioned a focus on
health education at Rutgers-Camden.

The last time Rutgers underwent the process was in 1993, with that plan approved
in 1995. In this iteration, it took "a zillion hours," Barchi told reporters
before the board meeting. A consulting firm was paid about $3.4 million to
assist in the process, he said, with $750,000 of that paid via a grant from the
Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.

Rutgers' goal, as established under the plan, is "to be broadly recognized as
among the nation's leading public universities: preeminent in research,
excellent in teaching, and committed to community."

Rutgers-Camden had already begun a campus-specific strategic planning initiative
in the wake of a merger proposal in which it would have become part of Rowan
University. The proposal eventually was dropped amid stiff opposition from
students, faculty, and alumni at Rutgers. Barchi asked Wendell E. Pritchett,
chancellor of Rutgers-Camden, to put that initiative on hold during the
university process.

Now that the university plan has been approved, Pritchett said, the campus will
begin its process again, adapting the university plan. The first meeting is to
be held Wednesday. He said the plan will be complete before he steps down at the
end of the semester.

Barchi and Pritchett both said that one of the most important results of the
university plan is its outline of the role of Rutgers-Camden.

"Before Bob came here, we were very confused about our relationship among our
campuses, and between the campuses and central administration," Pritchett said
in an interview. "This document provides a lot more clarity about those
relationships."

Barchi said that improving community health and wellness will be a goal taken on
by Rutgers-Camden through its nursing school, a new nursing and science
building, partnerships with Rowan, and "a much closer relationship with Cooper"
University Hospital.

Barchi wants to expand the overall university's faculty by 150 tenure-track
members, including the creation of at least 30 endowed professorships. How those
new hires will be allocated among the New Brunswick, Newark, and Camden campuses
is still to be determined, Barchi said.

Other goals of the university plan are similarly open, awaiting the individual
campus plans.

jlai@phillynews.com

856-779-3220 @elaijuh


A new entitlement? The right to preschool

http://www.philly.com/philly/news/politics/congressional/20140204_ap_6b1fd63f2fb
44abd8a3908ad12af8e7e.html

Christie seemed unaware he signed Camden eminent domain bill

http://www.philly.com/philly/news/local/20140205_Christie_seemed_unaware_he_sign
ed_Camden_eminent_domain_bill_into_law.html

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           February 5, 2014 Wednesday
                                JERSEY-C Edition

In Rutgers strategic plan,health a main Camden goal

BYLINE: By Jonathan Lai; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; P-com Education; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 621 words


NEWARK, N.J. Rutgers University's board of governors on Tuesday approved a
five-year strategic plan that, among other things, outlines the mission of each
of its three campuses.

"Rutgers University-Camden excels at engaging its student body and the
surrounding community," the plan reads, noting especially the campus'
"educational and economic impact in South Jersey and Delaware Valley."

The 15-member board formally approved the plan Tuesday afternoon at a regularly
scheduled meeting. It had been presented a draft in December.

The plan lays out broad areas to focus on, such as increasing faculty size and
research output, and improving graduation rates.

Robert L. Barchi, the university's president, announced the strategic planning
process shortly after arriving in 2012. The process began that December, with
surveys, focus groups, and town hall meetings to gather information.

While Camden and the other two campuses must now develop specific goals, "let's
be very clear that Newark and Camden were intimately involved with the
generation of this plan," Barchi said in an interview. He envisioned a focus on
health education at Rutgers-Camden.

The last time Rutgers underwent the process was in 1993, with that plan approved
in 1995. In this iteration, it took "a zillion hours," Barchi told reporters
before the board meeting. A consulting firm was paid about $3.4 million to
assist in the process, he said, with $750,000 of that paid via a grant from the
Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.

Rutgers' goal, as established under the plan, is "to be broadly recognized as
among the nation's leading public universities: preeminent in research,
excellent in teaching, and committed to community."

Rutgers-Camden had already begun a campus-specific strategic planning initiative
in the wake of a merger proposal in which it would have become part of Rowan
University. The proposal eventually was dropped amid stiff opposition from
students, faculty, and alumni at Rutgers. Barchi asked Wendell E. Pritchett,
chancellor of Rutgers-Camden, to put that initiative on hold during the
university process.

Now that the university plan has been approved, Pritchett said, the campus will
begin its process again, adapting the university plan. The first meeting is to
be held Wednesday. He said the plan will be complete before he steps down at the
end of the semester.

Barchi and Pritchett both said that one of the most important results of the
university plan is its outline of the role of Rutgers-Camden.

"Before Bob came here, we were very confused about our relationship among our
campuses, and between the campuses and central administration," Pritchett said
in an interview. "This document provides a lot more clarity about those
relationships."

Barchi said that improving community health and wellness will be a goal taken on
by Rutgers-Camden through its nursing school, a new nursing and science
building, partnerships with Rowan, and "a much closer relationship with Cooper"
University Hospital.

Barchi wants to expand the overall university's faculty by 150 tenure-track
members, including the creation of at least 30 endowed professorships. How those
new hires will be allocated among the New Brunswick, Newark, and Camden campuses
is still to be determined, Barchi said.

Other goals of the university plan are similarly open, awaiting the individual
campus plans.

jlai@phillynews.com

856-779-3220 @elaijuh


A new entitlement? The right to preschool

http://www.philly.com/philly/education/20140204_ap_6b1fd63f2fb44abd8a3908ad12af8
e7e.html

Christie seemed unaware he signed Camden eminent domain bill

http://www.philly.com/philly/news/politics/nj/20140205_Christie_seemed_unaware_h
e_signed_Camden_eminent_domain_bill_into_law.html

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 8, 2015 Wednesday

Senator Stabenow Applauds Selection of Michigan State University for Grant to
Address Water Quality

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today applauded the United States
Department of Agriculture's (USDA) announcement that Michigan State University
has been awarded a $900,000 grant to work with farmers to address critical water
problems in rural communities and agriculture watersheds. The funding, which
comes through the USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture, was
authorized by Sen. Stabenow's 2014 Farm Bill.

"Farmers play an extremely important role in addressing critical water
problems," said Stabenow. "I'm proud of Michigan State's leadership when it
comes to agricultural research. The support announced today will help make sure
our farmers have the tools they need to keep our waters clean."

Michigan State University's project will develop tools to help farmers deal with
challenges brought on by water quality issues and changing weather patterns. The
project will also evaluate the local economic impact of these smart agriculture
technologies and practices. The award was made available by the National
Institute of Food and Agriculture's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative and
the National Integrated Water Quality Program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           November 22, 1988, Tuesday

AGENCY SEEKS PUBLIC'S ADVICE ON TRADE TALKS

BYLINE: RICHARD LAWRENCE; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 436 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The International Trade Commission is asking for public advice early next year
on issues facing U.S. negotiators at the Uruguay Round trade talks in Geneva.

Starting Jan. 30 in Houston, the commission will hold public hearings in 15 U.S.
cities to assess how possible U.S. tariff and non-tariff concessions in he
Geneva trade negotiations might affect the U.S. economy.

The commission's study, expected to be completed by mid-1989, will be submitted
to the U.S. Trade Representative's Office, in charge of the U.S. negotiations at
Geneva.

The negotiations, which involve more than 90 nations, aim at liberalizing world
trade through tariff cuts and the removal of non-tariff trade barriers, among
other initiatives.

The tentative hearings schedule, the commission said Monday, is: Houston, Jan.
30; New Orleans, Feb. 1; Miami, Feb. 3; Atlanta, Feb. 6; Los Angeles, Feb. 13;
San Francisco, Feb. 15; Portland, Ore., Feb. 17; Denver, Feb. 24; Chicago, Feb.
27; Minneapolis, March 1; Kansas City, Mo., March 2; New York, March 13; Boston,
March 15; Pittsburgh, March 17; and Washington, April 3-4.

The commission, in its study, also will hear views on the likely economic impact
on U.S. industries and consumers of foreign governments' reducing, or
eliminating, their tariffs and non-tariff barriers.

The study will focus on a list of goods the trade representative's office may
consider for tariff and non-tariff concessions in the Uruguay Round. The list is
due to be sent to the commission in the next few months.

The study is in addition to two other reviews the commission is making to help
guide U.S. trade negotiators at Geneva.

The commission is assessing the economic impact on the United States of possible
U.S. and foreign concessions in services trade and calculating the tariff
equivalents of non-tariff barriers in the agricultural and tropical products
trade.

The commission's final report on trade in services is not slated to be completed
until next September, even though the Uruguay Round is supposed to be wrapped up
by 1990.

But, officials note, the Uruguay Round participants have not yet agreed on the
kinds of services to be negotiated, much less the nature of any services trade
agreements.

On agricultural and tropical products, tne analysis of trade distortions could
be used by the United States in advancing its Uruguay Round goal of an agreement
to eliminate, by 2000, virtually all agricultural trade subsidies and import
curbs.

The conversion of non-tariff barriers to tariff equivalents could help simplify
the agricultural negotiations, officials say.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH ANALYSIS

                  Copyright 1988 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              561 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                            October 28, 2007 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Banking on stem cells;
Biotechnology's potential includes economic benefits for area

BYLINE: Lisa Eckelbecker, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 1343 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


Some of the biggest hopes for economic development in Massachusetts lie in some
very small cells.

Yet as Gov. Deval L. Patrick pushes for a 10-year, $1 billion investment in life
science research and development, including money for a stem cell bank in
Worcester, some university and business officials say they are still trying to
project the economic impact of such an investment.

There could be intellectual property benefits and the formation of new
companies, said Dr. Michael F. Collins, interim chancellor of the University of
Massachusetts Medical School. But as for numbers, he said, he's still working on
that.

"What I'm attempting to assess is really the impact on the statewide economy,
because we view the medical school as a statewide resource," Dr. Collins said.

Coming up with a projection could be no easy task. When California voters
approved a 10-year plan to issue $3 billion in bonds to fund stem cell research,
competing projections came up with different outlooks. One group suggested the
state would reap income tax and sales tax revenues of at least $240 million from
spending on research and facilities, additional tax revenues of $2.2 billion to
$4.4 billion if the initiative brought additional private investment into
California and up to $1.1 billion in royalty revenues from products developed
through the initiative.

Separately, an economics professor at the University of California at Berkeley
calculated that royalty revenues would total less than 1 percent of research and
development spending. Or, to put it another way, wrote Professor Richard
Gilbert, California "would be better off investing in its own municipal bonds."

In Madison, Wis., where the WiCell Research Institute and the National Stem Cell
Bank have sprung up to build upon the groundbreaking 1998 stem cell discoveries
of University of Wisconsin Professor James A. Thompson, four new businesses
related to stem cells have emerged.

WiCell Operations Director Susan M. Carlson said the potential exists for
economic benefits from intellectual property, license revenues and royalties.

"But that's a way down the road," Miss Carlson said. "This is a young
technology."

Stem cells excite attention - and controversy - because of their origin and
researchers' suggestions about their potential.

Stem cells are the body's master cells, capable of differentiating into cells
for different parts of the body. Embryonic stem cells, the earliest stem cells,
come from embryos that are just a few days old and as small as the period at the
end of this sentence. Adult stem cells come from tissues or blood in the body,
including the umbilical cord blood of newborns.

Doctors have been using adult stem cells from the body's blood system for years
to rebuild the blood systems of patients who have undergone intensive
chemotherapy. Some researchers think adult and embryonic stem cells could be
wielded in the future to treat additional diseases, perhaps by building new
nerve cells for spinal cord injuries or repairing damaged hearts and eyes.

Yet destroying early-stage embryos to retrieve embryonic stem cells is opposed
by those who consider the work murder. In 2001, President Bush restricted
federal funding on embryonic stem cell research so that scientists could obtain
National Institutes of Health money for projects only if they work with 21
approved stem cell lines.

The decision set off a flurry of state-funded stem cell initiatives. Last week,
New Jersey marked the start of construction of a research tower in New Brunswick
as part of a $720 million stem cell initiative. Rutgers University experts
calculated that New Jersey could reap total economic benefits of $2.2 billion
from the initiative, gain jobs and generate more than $115 million in state
revenues.

In Massachusetts, Gov. Patrick's proposed $1 billion initiative would include
money for grants and tax incentives and $500 million for capital investments.
Last week, the state took an early step toward those plans by approving $7.6
million from a supplemental budget for a stem cell bank at the UMass Medical
School and $570,000 for a related stem cell registry.

Dr. Collins and others suggest that Gov. Patrick's life sciences initiative
could spur construction spending and construction employment, new jobs for
researchers and stem cell bank workers, additional national grants to the UMass
Medical School and new business creation.

"First and foremost, the construction of it will be by local tradesmen, which
has a direct impact on our economy in Central Massachusetts," said State Rep.
Vincent A. Pedone, D-Worcester. "I believe it will bring new business to the
area. We have seen spinoff from UMass, business spinoff from UMass in the
research they're doing now."

The stem cell registry, which would amass and distribute information on the
world's stem cell lines, might employ about four people, according to Dr.
Collins. The separate stem cell bank, which would initially be located on UMass
property in Shrewsbury, would hold, develop and distribute stem cells to
researchers and might employ about 20 people, Dr. Collins said.

Yet an even bigger impact might be felt from the development of a UMass
institute launched by the state and focusing on regenerative medicine, gene
therapy and genetic technology known as RNA interference, according to Dr.
Collins. One model, he said, is the $100 million Aaron Lazare Medical Research
Building at the UMass campus in Worcester, which opened in 2001 with 360,000
square feet of space for researchers, laboratories, offices and meeting space.

"It's hard for me to believe there wasn't an impact on the greater Worcester
community by having that building there," Dr. Collins said.

Those impacts could include the number of construction jobs created, the
additional research grants snared and the ideas translated into products because
of the building, said Michael D. Goodman, director of economic and policy
research for the University of Massachusetts Donohue Institute.

Big research initiatives, which typically create long-term jobs for highly
educated and skilled people, are not economic solutions for entire communities,
Mr. Goodman said.

But "it's certainly a positive sign for the city (Worcester)," he said. "I think
there's no question the city can trade on its growing medical prowess."

Worcester already possesses a small but vibrant bioscience community. The
Massachusetts Biomedical Initiatives, a Worcester-based economic development
organization and operator of business incubator space, estimated in 2004 that
the life science industry in Central Massachusetts contained 111 businesses and
employed 7,500 people.

MBI President and Chief Executive Kevin O'Sullivan said he expects a UMass stem
cell initiative to generate interest among businesses to locate here and to spin
off business to existing small companies that already perform contract research
for larger entities. That outlook is more modest than the expectation expressed
in the 1980s by some Worcester business officials that the city could spawn drug
manufacturing plants employing thousands of people.

"I don't think we're going to do what we did when we built the biotech park and
said we were going to create 10,000 jobs," Mr. O'Sullivan said.

Yet having a stem cell bank at UMass, amid the concentration of biomedical
researchers of Central and Eastern Massachusetts, sets the stage for the kinds
of advances that researchers make when they can communicate readily with each
other, according to Gary S. Stein, chairman of the UMass department of cell
biology and deputy director of the UMass cancer center.

"The most important agent to facilitate interactions is a cup of coffee," he
said.

The investment could also stave off a brain drain, said Dr. Stein.

"In the absence of having this type of capability, I am concerned that some of
our most knowledgeable folks would leave Massachusetts," he said. As for
companies, "certainly biotech and pharmaceutical companies are going to go
wherever they think they have the highest opportunity in the areas they are
going to pursue."

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Gary S. Stein, chairman of the University of Massachusetts Medical School
Department of Cell Biology, says a stem cell bank could help the Worcester area.

T&G Staff/JIM COLLINS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             August 12, 2005 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                  City Edition

UNL research: prestige and more money

SECTION: B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 477 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


Lincoln, Neb. - Isn't that where where John Woollam's company is located?

When Paul Prem  hears these words, he beams.

The J.A. Woollam Co. was founded by a UNL professor of electrical engineering
and physics who transferred his research success into a successful commercial
venture building science inspection equipment.  And  Woollam's reputation
enhances UNL's prestige.

"I have gone to places like Colorado and people brag about him," says Perry,
UNL's vice chancellor for research.

Just as a sterling football reputation attracts quality high school recruits, a
sterling research reputation attracts other researchers and allows the
university to compete for even more research grants.

This week, UNL announced that the university will  head a team of researchers
exploring Antarctic sediment, under a $12.9 million grant.

In the past five years, UNL has doubled its outside research funding to $98
million a year and moved into the National Science Foundation's Top 100
universities.

"We are on the move," Paul says. And the university could attract even more
research funding with more room and better equipment.

This momentum will require continued effort, additional donation dollars and
likely a little state support.

UNL needs additional room and top-notch equipment to remain competitive.

The George W. Beadle Center for Genetics and Biotechnology Research is
overcrowded and the proposed Virology Center is still looking for donations.
Scientists are packed like sardines in the physics building. UNL is looking for
additional space for research on substance abuse.

The current success in recruiting research grants is rooted in state tax dollars
and donor dollars: the research initiative begun during Gov. Kay Orr's
administration and more recent funding from the state's tobacco settlement
funds.

The Beadle Center was built with private donations and federal and state  money.

Nebraskans benefit from this investment of tax and donor dollars.  Quality
research has a number of benefits.

It brings money to the state, a direct economic impact.

It provides additional jobs. The Department of Commerce formula is 29.5 jobs for
every million in research funding.

It helps recruit and keep faculty with cutting-edge skills. And those faculty
attract talented students and increase the reputation of the university in
general.

And research itself helps keep the United States competitive globally, and helps
improve health and make life better.

Research going on today at UNL could lead to vaccines against botulism that will
help protect soldiers and civilians against a bioterrorism attack.

Future work done with a high intensity laser now being built at UNL could help
develop imaging that would find cancer tumors, or help detect smuggled bombs in
ships or cracks in airplanes.

UNL's research momentum is well worth maintaining.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION: Correct name is Prem Paul

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                 March 19, 1995, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

$10 million offered to attract U.N. office Ottawa adds grant to sweeten
Toronto's bid

BYLINE: By Nicolaas van Rijn Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 334 words


   Ottawa has thrown a $5 million sweetener into the pot to attract a United
Nations secretariat on climate to Toronto.

Officials hope the federal funds, combined with a $5 million grant already
promised by Toronto, will be enough to draw the U.N. Secretariat for the
Framework Convention on Climate Change to permanent offices in Toronto.

Mayor Barbara Hall said the city "is an ideal site for the permanent secretariat
because of our record of environmental action and the high quality of life we
afford to our citizens."

But Toronto's bid will be up against stiff competition from Geneva and Bonn when
U.N. officials meet in Berlin later this month to award the secretariat.

"Switzerland has offered $5 million a year to draw the secretariat," said
Michael Spowart, an assistant to Barry Campbell, the St. Paul's Liberal member
of Parliament and chairperson of the Greater Toronto Area Liberal caucus.

Switzerland "knows the value of these U.N. secretariats, and so it's going all
out to get as many of them as possible," he said.

While the climate secretariat is expected to create only 40 full-time jobs here,
it sponsors a number of international conferences worth $11 million a year,
according to estimates by the Metro Toronto Convention and Visitors Association.

"International organizations of this nature have a significant economic impact
for the entire region," Campbell said in announcing the federal matching funds.

"Toronto is a leader in the environmental community in Canada and is at the
forefront of Canada's environmental initiatives internationally," he added.

The $10 million offered by Toronto and the federal government will help pay for
ongoing secretariat operations.

The Toronto Economic Advisory Council, a private-sector group, has also offered
to provide the secretariat with rent- free downtown office space for five
years.United; Nations; Secretariat; for; the; Framework; Convention; on;
Climate; Change; Toronto

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              564 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     March 19, 1995, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

$ 10 million offered to attract U.N. office Ottawa adds grant to sweeten
Toronto's bid

BYLINE: BY NICOLAAS VAN RIJN TORONTO STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 315 words


Ottawa has thrown a $ 5 million sweetener into the pot to attract a United
Nations secretariat on climate to Toronto.

Officials hope the federal funds, combined with a $ 5 million grant already
promised by Toronto, will be enough to draw the U.N. Secretariat for the
Framework Convention on Climate Change to permanent offices in Toronto.

Mayor Barbara Hall said the city "is an ideal site for the permanent secretariat
because of our record of environmental action and the high quality of life we
afford to our citizens."

But Toronto's bid will be up against stiff competition from Geneva and Bonn when
U.N. officials meet in Berlin later this month to award the secretariat.

"Switzerland has offered $ 5 million a year to draw the secretariat," said
Michael Spowart, an assistant to Barry Campbell, the St. Paul's Liberal member
of Parliament and chairperson of the Greater Toronto Area Liberal caucus.

Switzerland "knows the value of these U.N. secretariats, and so it's going all
out to get as many of them as possible," he said.

While the climate secretariat is expected to create only 40 full-time jobs here,
it sponsors a number of international conferences worth $ 11 million a year,
according to estimates by the Metro Toronto Convention and Visitors Association.

"International organizations of this nature have a significant economic impact
for the entire region," Campbell said in announcing the federal matching funds.

"Toronto is a leader in the environmental community in Canada and is at the
forefront of Canada's environmental initiatives internationally," he added.

The $ 10 million offered by Toronto and the federal government will help pay for
ongoing secretariat operations.

The Toronto Economic Advisory Council, a private-sector group, has also offered
to provide the secretariat with rent- free downtown office space for five years.


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              565 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Sharp decline in maternal, infant mortality rate: Nadda

LENGTH: 588 words

DATELINE: MUMBAI


MUMBAI, Jan. 30 -- Various healthcare schemes and awareness programmes
undertaken by the present government have resulted in a sharp decline in the
maternal and infant mortality ratio in India when compared to global average,
Union Health Minister J P Nadda said today.

"The comparison between Sample Registration System's report released in 2005 and
2015 clearly shows the decline. It is an outcome of various programmes
implemented by the new government," Nadda said at a conference on 'Healthcare:
Commodity or basic human need', organised by the Tata Memorial Centre on the
occasion of its Platinum Jubilee.

"We have increased the immunisation scale across the country. Measures like
educating people about healthcare, empowering health workers are also supporting
the government's efforts. All these initiatives are benefiting the society,"
said the minister.

"India is projected to nearly achieve the Millennium Development Goals (MDG) 4
and 5, while the MDG 6 goal to reverse the incidence of Malaria, TB and HIV/AIDS
has already been achieved.

"What is perhaps noteworthy is that India's mortality rate for age under five
and maternal mortality ratio declined at a higher pace than global average.
There has been a significant decline in Total Fertility Rate (TFR)," said Nadda.

"It is our endeavour to ensure that all persons have access to quality
healthcare; however, a lot more needs to be done for achieving universal access
to equitable, affordable and quality healthcare services," he said.

"Our country faces twin burden of communicable and non-communicable diseases.
Compared to last century, when communicable diseases were more prevalent, the
current challenge is of non-communicable diseases," he said.

"It is more about lifestyle. The socio-economic impacts of NCDs are thus that it
attenuates our progress towards the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). The
government will soon provide a pictorial book educating school students about
junk and health foods.

"It will also provide primary level information about ideal ratio of body weight
and its height, television watching and its impact," Nadda said.

"Cancer control is a major challenge for all of us," he added.

"National Programme for Prevention and Control of Cancer,

Diabetes, Cardio-vascular diseases and Stroke (NPCDCS) is being implemented to
supplement the efforts of the state governments in the country for improving
healthcare including prevention, diagnosis and treatment of cancer," said the
minister.

"The government has also approved a scheme for enhancing the tertiary care
cancer facilities in the country under NPCDCS," he said.

"The treatment of cancer is either free or subsidised in government
institutions. Financial assistance to poor patients is also provided under the
Health Minister's Discretionary Grant (HMDG), Rashtriya Arogya Nidhi (RAN) and
Health Minister's Cancer Patient Fund (HMCPF) within the Rashtriya Arogya
Nidhi," he said.

Nadda said, "Such conference is relevant in the current context given the high
cost of modern healthcare interventions and the enormous market and peer
pressure to adopt them versus a basic necessity for survival."

"The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is implementing a number of schemes,
programmes and national initiatives to expand the reach and increase access to
quality healthcare," he said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Images. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             April 17, 2015 Friday

Trimming, new signs for snowmobile trails

SECTION: CITY; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 707 words


SUSSEX * Visiting snowmobilers will not be misdirected when they hit unfamiliar
trails in the province.

In an announcement in Berwick near Sussex on Tuesday morning, ACOA minister and
MP for Fundy Royal Rob Moore committed $90,000 to efforts of the New Brunswick
Federation of Snowmobile Clubs.

Of those funds, $40,000 will be used for brush trimming along the trails, and
$50,000 to improve signs at trail intersections.

"The signage is critical," said Sandy Young, president of the federation
representing snowmobile clubs, during the announcement held at trailside. He
said the snowmobile clubs matched the federal funds to improve the
infrastructure for the travelling tourists.

"We know where we're going, but our visitors need to know how far the next
shelter is and how far the next gas is," Young said.

For a snowmobiler's safety and convenience, he explained, the consistent signs
along the province's trails is money well spent.

He said the most recent economic impact study done in 2009 shows tourists
continue about $22 million to the province. That contribution grows every year,
Young said, so he expects that tally to be close to 20 per cent higher today.

"We are the main tourist product for the province in the wintertime," Young
said, adding investments in snowmobile trail infrastructure enables communities
to strengthen and enhance the system.

Moore said the improvements to the trails will benefit all users of the trail
system during the four seasons, including ATVers and hikers. He said the network
of recreation trails across the country allow people to experience the outdoors,
which is increasing in appeal.

Last summer, in Sussex, the federal government in partnership with the National
Trails Coalition announced $10 million in funding between 2014 and 2016 to help
expand and rehabilitate Canada's snowmobile, all-terrain vehicle, off-road
motorcycle and non-motorized trail system.

"Our government is pleased to support the New Brunswick Federation of Snowmobile
Clubs as part of our efforts to expand and improve recreational and
multi-purpose trails across the country. By investing in trail infrastructure,
our government is encouraging job creation, linking communities and increasing
recreational opportunities for Canadians," Moore said.

On Tuesday, Moore also paid a visit to Elgin and Wheaton Settlement to announce
support for seniors initiatives.

The Elgin Women's Institute is receiving $20,000 for their Caring Community
Project from the New Horizons for Seniors Program to renovate their kitchen and
wheelchair ramp in order to offer new activities for seniors like healthy
living, pickling and food mentoring.

The Annabelle Gay Women's Institute and Seniors Hall in Wheaton Settlement will
receive more than $23,000 to replace its well, siding and attic insulation, and
install a heat pump to continue to offer activities for seniors including
quilting, knitting and gardening.

Under the New Horizons for Seniors Program, up to $25,000 in grant funding can
be provided to eligible organizations for community-based projects that are led
or inspired by seniors. Since 2006, the federal program has funded more than
13,000 projects in hundreds of communities across Canada.

Each year, $50 million is earmarked for national seniors projects through the
program.

"Our government is proud to support seniors in communities across Canada through
lowering taxes and investing in meaningful initiatives such as the New Horizons
for Seniors Program. Through partnering with organizations, we can help to keep
seniors active, engaged and informed," said Alice Wong, minister of state for
seniors, in a press release.

Since 2006, $2.8 billion in annual tax relief has been provided to seniors and
pensioners, she pointed out.

Moore said the funding is available for local seniors groups that need a
financial hand to make plans for programs and facility improvements possible.
"Our government recognizes the valuable contribution seniors have made to our
society and the economy," he said.

"By supporting New Horizons for Seniors Program projects, we are acting to
ensure that seniors maintain a good quality of life and continue to be active
members of their communities." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Telegraph-Journal (New
Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 19, 2014 Saturday

Kleinpell Awarded First Place in the 2013 AJN Book of the Year Awards

LENGTH: 326  words

DATELINE: Chicago


Rush University has issued the following news release:

Ruth M. Kleinpell, PhD, RN-CS, FAAN, FAANP, FCCM, was awarded first place for
her book, Outcome Assessment in Advanced Practice Nursing, in the 2013 American
Journal of Nursing Book of the Year Awards in the Advanced Practice Nursing
Category.

From Springer Publishing Company, "Measuring the results of APN care has become
increasingly important as a way to demonstrate the significant impact of APN
nurses on practice outcomes. The third edition of this award-winning volume has
been updated to provide the most current knowledge, perspectives, and research
on assessing outcomes of APN care. It addresses not only the health outcomes of
APN practice but the economic impact of APN care as well. Chapters discuss
outcome measurement in all areas of advance practice nursing, including
identifying outcomes in specialty areas and in community and ambulatory
settings. The text provides detailed descriptions of how to conduct outcomes
assessments, how to locate the most current instruments and measures for APN
assessment, and perspectives on international initiatives in APN assessment."

Kleinpell is Director of the Center for Clinical Research and Scholarship at
Rush University Medical Center and a Professor at Rush University College of
Nursing. She is also a Nurse Practitioner at Our Lady of the Resurrection
Medical Center in Chicago. She serves as Chair of the American Academy of
Nursing's Expert Panel on Acute and Critical Care. Other recent awards include
recipient of the first American Association of Critical Care Nursing Impact
Research Grant and the AACN's 2010 Flame of Excellence Award for sustained
regional and national contributions to acute and critical care nursing. In 2012,
Kleinpell was inducted into the International Nurse Researcher Hall of Fame
through the Honor Society of Nursing, Sigma Theta Tau International.

For more information please visit: http://www.rushu.rush.edu

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

CMU researchers improving quality of Great Lakes beaches using border collies

LENGTH: 456  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Central Michigan University has issued the following news release:

A team of researchers from Central Michigan University has been working to
improve the bacteria contamination levels on beaches in west Michigan by using
border collies to control the gull population.

A student team of five researchers spent the summer on four beaches in Ottawa
County using border collies to chase away gulls and reduce the levels of E. coli
and other pathogens from the sand and water.

CMU faculty members Elizabeth Alm and Thomas Gehring are overseeing the two-year
project, funded by a nearly $250,000 grant from the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency Great Lakes Restorative Initiative. Ottawa County provided
funding for a telemetry study, tracking the commuting patterns of gulls.

Beach managers and the public have voiced an interest in fewer gulls on public
beaches due to the potential for human health and safety concerns, as well as
economic impact. Populations of some native gull species have increased in the
Great Lakes region and beyond in the past few decades. There has been a dramatic
increase in ring-billed gulls in southeastern Michigan since the 1990s. This
influx has caused conflicts between humans and gulls.

"The gull population in the Great Lakes has exceeded historic levels," said
Elizabeth Alm, CMU biology faculty. "The large numbers of gulls attracted to
public beaches are not only a nuisance, but microorganisms from gull droppings
interfere with water quality monitoring and may pose a risk to public health."

Two border collies, trained and experienced in chasing geese and other birds,
were leased for the project. Students were trained as handlers for the dogs.
Success in using the dogs for gull exclusion is being measured as a reduction in
the number of gulls, the level of E. coli and other pathogens, and the amount of
gull-related complaints beach managers receive in the dog treatment zones.

"We are using border collies, in part, because it is a nonlethal management
tool," said Thomas Gehring, CMU biology faculty. "This makes it more acceptable
to the general public, compared to lethal control of gulls such as shooting or
egg oiling."

Samples of water and sand were collected at the beaches and sent to a lab at CMU
for testing levels of E. coli and other bacteria. The number of gulls visiting
the beaches was also tallied daily.

"Gulls have been found to carry a lot of bacteria and other pathogens in their
feces, so having them on the beach in such large numbers is a health hazard,"
said Dusty Jordan, CMU biology graduate student from Mount Pleasant. "By
removing them from the beach, we're hoping it improves the quality of the beach
and water."

For more information please visit: http://www.cmich.edu.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 13, 2013 Wednesday

Kansas: Kansas Creative Arts Industries Commission announces two new programs

LENGTH: 678  words

DATELINE: Topeka


Department of Commerce, The State of Kansas has issued the following news
release:

The Kansas Creative Arts Industries Commission (CAIC) announces the recent
approval of two new programs designed to strengthen an important sector of the
Kansas economy and create jobs.

The Creative Economy Project Support program provides funding to help
communities and organizations complete initiatives that focus on a broad range
of cultural and economic development activities, while the Creative Arts
Industry Incentives program will offer different financial incentives for
creative professionals, businesses and organizations that are looking to
relocate to or expand in Kansas.

"I want to commend the work of the commission for putting into action Governor
Brownback's vision of expanding the creative arts industry in Kansas," said
Commerce Secretary Pat George. "The CAIC is dedicated to the promotion, support
and expansion of the state's creative industries. These new programs will enable
the commission to support communities, businesses and creative professionals as
they help us grow the Kansas economy."

The Creative Economy Project Support program supports initiatives that can
include the creation of designated creative districts, rehabilitation of
historic properties and cultural tourism product development, among other
projects. The Creative Arts Industry Incentives program can be used for
workforce expansion, capital investment assistance and workforce training
assistance.

"I look forward to the CAIC and these programs helping to expand the creative
arts industry in Kansas," said Kansas Labor Secretary Lana Gordon, who is
chairman of the CAICs advisory committee. "These programs will fund projects
that will allow individuals and communities to enhance their quality of life as
well as our economy."

For more information on the CAIC, complete program details and full application
guidelines go to KansasCommerce.com/CAIC.

Application procedures:

Creative Economy Project Support Program:

This program will award initiatives based upon the strength of inter-sector
partnerships and the ability to leverage the assets of the creative sector that
can improve the state's quality of life and economy. The criteria for evaluation
includes cultural value; community participation and accessibility; planning,
evaluation and documentation of the project; organizational and financial
management; and long term economic impact.

Applicants must submit an initial application by March 4 and complete a full
application by May 15. Funds must be expended on project activities between June
30, 2013, and June 30, 2014, although related project activities can take place
beyond the grant period. Applications will be reviewed by a seven-person panel
representing all six economic regions of the state. The panel will then present
recommendations to the CAIC.

Creative Arts Industry Incentives Program:

This program will offer a diverse portfolio of financial incentives for creative
professionals. Applications can be considered for workforce expansion, workforce
training assistance and capital investment assistance and will be accepted,
reviewed and approved for funding on a monthly, ongoing basis. Programs under
this area can include:

o Workforce Expansion incentives can be awarded to qualified companies or
organizations that commit to creating at least one new full-time job (or one FTE
job, so this could also be used for two part-time jobs) in the creative sector.

o Capital Investment Assistance can be used to expand or renovate a new or
existing facility or to purchase equipment and materials that will expand or
improve the applicant's business or organization.

o The Workforce Training Assistance program may be used to assist companies and
organizations in training new, existing, or future employees in creative arts
integrated programs that address emerging technologies, areas of skills
shortages and curricula resulting in opportunities for increased student success
and workforce readiness.

For further information please visit: http://www.kansascommerce.com/.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Valdosta Daily Times (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 24, 2008 Friday

Remerton tapping into Valdosta's water

BYLINE: Matt Flumerfelt, The Valdosta Daily Times, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 620 words


Oct. 24--VALDOSTA  -- An agreement with Remerton's Mayor and City Council to
sell water to the small municipality was unanimously approved by the Valdosta
City Council at a meeting Thursday.

Due to the amount of water the city will purchase, Valdosta will sell the water
to Remerton at the cheapest rate, which is the same bulk rate charged by the
City to Lowndes County and other large industrial users  -- $0.86 per 100 cubic
feet of water or $0.00115 per gallon. The agreement is initially a 10 year
agreement with four renewal options resulting in a potential 50-year agreement.
The agreement covers the volume of water they can purchase, rates, review of
plans to tie on to the City's system, costs of capital equipment, ownership of
infrastructure connections, meters, and other details agreed to by the parties.

The City of Valdosta will not serve Remerton's individual customers but will
bill Remerton monthly for the water. The Mayor and Remerton Council will
entertain the agreement at their next meeting on November 3, 2008. Remerton
already contracts with the City of Valdosta for its sewer service. The benefit
to Remerton's Council and residents is that the proposed agreement will allow
the City of Remerton to provide a better quality of water than they currently
have and at a price less than they can provide it for themselves. The City of
Remerton will be responsible for the costs of any

infrastructure changes and improvements required to tie into the City's water
system.

The City Council also voted unanimously to apply for the Environmental
Protection Agency's Brownfields Assessment Grant. Through this grant, the EPA
offers up to $400,000 for the inventory and assessment of petroleum and
traditional brownfields. City Planning and Zoning Administrator Anne Marie Wolff
said the City is in a very fortunate position to receive the grant, despite
having to compete with larger cities, because of work already done by the City
like the Urban Redevelopment Plan, Neighborhood Revitalization Plan, Signature
Community Initiatives and Property Zone Enforcement.

While Valdosta does not have a large number of petroleum Brownfields, Wolff
noted, Valdosta does have some traditional Brownfields  -- sites associated with
auto mechanics and dry cleaners for example  -- in need of redevelopment. Wolff
stated that one major benefit of this grant will be the economic impact on the
City of redeveloping these sites and putting them back on the tax rolls.

During the Citizens to be Heard portion of the meeting, a large contingent of
concerned citizens were present in support of the Mary Turner Project. Appointed
representatives for the group petitioned the City Council to contribute $500 and
help locate a suitable site for a monument inside the City limits to commemorate
the courage of Mary Turner, an African-American woman who was brutalized and
killed in 1918 when she stood up to a lynch mob that had seized and lynched her
husband, Hayes Turner.

Mark George gave an impassioned speech to the Council, during which he urged the
Council "to be courageous and engage in this process of reconciliation by
acknowledging the past." The Council agreed to meet with representatives of the
group to see how the City can best assist in helping bring the project to
completion.

To see more of The Valdosta Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.valdostadailytimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Valdosta Daily
Times, Ga. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081024-VD-Remerton-tapping-into-Valdosta-s-water-1024

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VD


                                 Copyright 2008


                              571 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            January 31, 2016 Sunday

Internet interest Clearwater Marine Aquarium to go online with its story;
Clearwater Marine Aquarium to go online with its story

BYLINE: PAUL GUZZO Tribune staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 1393 words



HIGHLIGHT: Pinellas County's YouTube initiative designed to turn the area into a
hub for online content creators is officially underway come Saturday.


CLEARWATER - The forecast was jaw-dropping - an economic impact of $5 billion
from the movie Dolphin Tale, produced locally and based on the true story of how
the Clearwater Marine Aquarium rescues sick and injured sea creatures.

But aquarium CEO David Yates insists that the 2012 forecast, from a study by the
College of Business at USF-St. Pete, will be largely validated this week with
the release of a new, independent study commissioned by the aquarium.

Now, the aquarium will test whether productions shown on the Internet can
deliver the kind of job and tourism boost credited to the Hollywood variety when
it debuts a Web series featuring the real-life work of Yates and his staff.And
to help the cause, the St. Petersburg-Clearwater Film Commissioner has
contributed a $45,000 marketing grant toward the new Rescue Clearwater, film
commissioner Tony Armer said.

The series premieres this week at www.seewinter.com . A new 30-minute show will
be available the first of each month.

We want St. Petersburg and Clearwater to become synonymous with online content,
Armer said. It is a growing industry that has a lot to offer, like jobs and
marketing opportunities.

Rescue Clearwater is just the first of what Armer hopes are many successful
online productions, such as Web series, films, music videos and tutorials
nurtured by the St. Petersburg-Clearwater Film Commission.

The commission is using part of the $60,000 it budgeted for industry development
to fund a partnership with Clearwater's Bluewater Media providing free
production space to creators of online programs.

On Saturday, 14 producers took part in what Armer called a one-day YouTube boot
camp of classes at Bluewater on strategies for increasing online viewership and
profits.

The producers will be the first participants in this public-private partnership
granted free access throughout the year to Bluewater's 33,000-square-foot
center, including sound stages, indoor and outdoor sets, editing and recording
suites, and lighting packages.

[#x2756] [#x2756] [#x2756]

With this help, the producers can become Internet sensations and grow their
companies, Armer said. Their work can also be used as a tool to market the area
to tourists who will fall in love with the scenery and the stories and to other
online show creators seeking a welcoming home base.

We want the best in that industry to move to our area to work and hire our
residents, Armer said.

He borrowed the idea for free space from YouTube, which provides the service to
Web series producers through studios in Los Angeles and New York, as well as
London, Berlin, Paris and Tokyo. To qualify, a producer must prove to YouTube he
has least 10,000 regular subscribers.

The film commission began accepting applications for use of Bluewater in
December. Nearly 40 responded, and selected finalists underwent interviews.

Subscribers were a factor in the selection, Armer said, but so was talent.The
experience level of the 14 selected ranges from Tony Ahedo, whose comedy series
Barry Baker: Aspiring Serial Killer, about a lonely office worker with lack of
purpose, has yet to premiere, to Jack Hartmann, whose YouTube channel of
educational and fitness-driven children's music videos has amassed 13 million
views and 23,000 subscribers.I saw Tony Ahedo's trailer for his series and
immediately recognized this guy has a lot of talent, and with the right tools,
his show can be huge, Armer said. Jack Hartmann is known nationwide for creating
excellent, high quality content.

Hartmann reached this level of success on a limited budget, said co-producer
Jeremiah Johnson.

We film it in the back of a warehouse using a green screen and a single camera,
Johnson said. With the space and equipment now available to us, I can't wait to
see what we can do.

The application process for the use of the Bluewater center is ongoing. More
information is at www.filmspc.com .

The 14 producers initially selected all live locally, but online content
creators from around the world are welcome to apply if they're willing to
relocate.

Creating a hub for online video creators has been a focus of Armer's since he
was hired as film commissioner in July 2014.

Online content like a Web series is not new. This is not something that should
be promoted as the future. This is the now.

According to Internet analyst ComScore, 197.1 million Americans watched videos
on their laptops in December 2015. That number doesn't account for cell phone or
tablet viewing that makes up for more than 40 percent of the online viewing
audiences, ComScore says.Online analyst firm Juniper Research predicts
subscriptions to Web channels such as Netflix and Hulu will grow to 332.2
million by 2019, up from 92.1 million in 2014.

[#x2756] [#x2756] [#x2756]

Perhaps the most famous Web series creator is Freddie Wong with credits
including three seasons of the YouTube show Video Game High School and one
season of RocketJump: The Show on Hulu.

Now a millionaire, Wong and his production company RocketJump have opened a
21,000-square-foot studio in Burbank, California, that employs 27 people.

Then there is Michelle Phan, a former Tampa resident who has amassed a net worth
Forbes estimates at $3 million with her YouTube tutorials on how to apply makeup
to look like a celebrity.

Everything is digital these days, said Yates of the Clearwater Aquarium, who is
writing, directing and producing the Web series. There is no denying that.

Rescue Clearwater, episode one, details work the aquarium has done since it
opened 35 years ago.

Episode two will feature Winter the Dolphin, star and inspiration of the two
Dolphin Tale movies.

Also appearing in the series will be Nathan Gamble, Cozi Zuehlsdorff  and Austin
Highsmith, who portrayed Sawyer Nelson, Hazel Haskett and Phoebe in the movies.

Future plots will revolve around the aquarium's work with marine life such as
turtles and otters and will follow people from around the world - including
disabled children and wounded service members - inspired by injured and sick
animals overcoming the odds.

Yates said the Web series will pick up where the Dolphin Tale films left off in
describing the aquarium's work and the impact shared stories have had on
attendance.The study the University of South Florida-St. Petersburg conducted
said nearly three of four visitors to the aquarium were drawn there by the
original Dolphin Tale movie. The $5 billion forecast covered the period through
2016.A report commissioned by the Motion Picture Association of America said 23
percent of leisure visitors to Florida consider viewing a movie or television
series filmed in the state as very important or extremely important in their
decision to come here.

We have a social media platform of over 2 million, Yates said. We engage them in
a variety of ways and the show will expand the number of people we reach on
social media.

[#x2756] [#x2756] [#x2756]

Film commissioner Armer said online content may not seem as engaging to the
general public as a blockbuster Hollywood film, but those working in the
industry are well aware of its potential impact.

Armer recently attended Utah's Sundance Film Festival, one of the top
independent film festivals in the world and a place where up-and-coming talent
gets discovered. Among those who broke through there are Darren Aronofsky,
brothers Joel and Ethan Coen, Christopher Nolan, Robert Rodriguez and Quentin
Tarantino.

While festival-goers this year talked about who would join that list of top film
directors, there was even more discussion about who would be the next big Web
director, Armer said.

This was a film festival. And they were more interested in talking about online
content.That's why despite also producing 35 CDs and five DVDs of educational
content that sell to schools nationwide, Jack Hartmann is determined to keep
growing his online presence.Jack is like Elvis to a lot of kids, said
co-producer Johnson. But we feel he can still reach more kids and their
parents.In time, Yates predicted, Rescue Clearwater will find a home on a
traditional television network or cable station.

He is already in negotiations for a deal, he said.

Still, he hopes to keep showing it online, too.

Kids don't sit in front of the television anymore, Yates said. They sit with
their iPad or phone. The mix is changing and we need to change with it.

pguzzo@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7606

@PGuzzoTBO

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            January 31, 2016 Sunday

Internet interest [JUMP]Clearwater Marine Aquarium to go online with its story;

Clearwater Marine Aquarium to go online with its story

BYLINE: PAUL GUZZO Tribune staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 1393 words



HIGHLIGHT: Pinellas County's YouTube initiative designed to turn the area into a
hub for online content creators is officially underway come Saturday.


CLEARWATER - The forecast was jaw-dropping - an economic impact of $5 billion
from the movie Dolphin Tale, produced locally and based on the true story of how
the Clearwater Marine Aquarium rescues sick and injured sea creatures.

But aquarium CEO David Yates insists that the 2012 forecast, from a study by the
College of Business at USF-St. Pete, will be largely validated this week with
the release of a new, independent study commissioned by the aquarium.

Now, the aquarium will test whether productions shown on the Internet can
deliver the kind of job and tourism boost credited to the Hollywood variety when
it debuts a Web series featuring the real-life work of Yates and his staff.And
to help the cause, the St. Petersburg-Clearwater Film Commissioner has
contributed a $45,000 marketing grant toward the new Rescue Clearwater, film
commissioner Tony Armer said.

The series premieres this week at www.seewinter.com . A new 30-minute show will
be available the first of each month.

We want St. Petersburg and Clearwater to become synonymous with online content,
Armer said. It is a growing industry that has a lot to offer, like jobs and
marketing opportunities.

Rescue Clearwater is just the first of what Armer hopes are many successful
online productions, such as Web series, films, music videos and tutorials
nurtured by the St. Petersburg-Clearwater Film Commission.

The commission is using part of the $60,000 it budgeted for industry development
to fund a partnership with Clearwater's Bluewater Media providing free
production space to creators of online programs.

On Saturday, 14 producers took part in what Armer called a one-day You

Tube boot camp of classes at Bluewater on strategies for increasing online
viewership and profits.

The producers will be the first participants in this public-private partnership
granted free access throughout the year to Bluewater's 33,000-square-foot
center, including sound stages, indoor and outdoor sets, editing and recording
suites, and lighting packages.

[#x2756] [#x2756] [#x2756]

With this help, the producers can become Internet sensations and grow their
companies, Armer said. Their work can also be used as a tool to market the area
to tourists who will fall in love with the scenery and the stories and to other
online show creators seeking a welcoming home base.

We want the best in that industry to move to our area to work and hire our
residents, Armer said.

He borrowed the idea for free space from YouTube, which provides the service to
Web series producers through studios in Los Angeles and New York, as well as
London, Berlin, Paris and Tokyo. To qualify, a producer must prove to YouTube he
has least 10,000 regular subscribers.

The film commission began accepting applications for use of Bluewater in
December. Nearly 40 responded, and selected finalists underwent interviews.

Subscribers were a factor in the selection, Armer said, but so was talent.The
experience level of the 14 selected ranges from Tony Ahedo, whose comedy series
Barry Baker: Aspiring Serial Killer, about a lonely office worker with lack of
purpose, has yet to premiere, to Jack Hartmann, whose YouTube channel of
educational and fitness-driven children's music videos has amassed 13 million
views and 23,000 subscribers.I saw Tony Ahedo's trailer for his series and
immediately recognized this guy has a lot of talent, and with the right tools,
his show can be huge, Armer said. Jack Hartmann is known nationwide for creating
excellent, high quality content.

Hartmann reached this level of success on a limited budget, said co-producer
Jeremiah Johnson.

We film it in the back of a warehouse using a green screen and a single camera,
Johnson said. With the space and equipment now available to us, I can't wait to
see what we can do.

The application process for the use of the Bluewater center is ongoing. More
information is at www.filmspc.com .

The 14 producers initially selected all live locally, but online content
creators from around the world are welcome to apply if they're willing to
relocate.

Creating a hub for online video creators has been a focus of Armer's since he
was hired as film commissioner in July 2014.

Online content like a Web series is not new. This is not something that should
be promoted as the future. This is the now.

According to Internet analyst ComScore, 197.1 million Americans watched videos
on their laptops in December 2015. That number doesn't account for cell phone or
tablet viewing that makes up for more than 40 percent of the online viewing
audiences, ComScore says.Online analyst firm Juniper Research predicts
subscriptions to Web channels such as Netflix and Hulu will grow to 332.2
million by 2019, up from 92.1 million in 2014.

[#x2756] [#x2756] [#x2756]

Perhaps the most famous Web series creator is Freddie Wong with credits
including three seasons of the YouTube show Video Game High School and one
season of RocketJump: The Show on Hulu.

Now a millionaire, Wong and his production company RocketJump have opened a
21,000-square-foot studio in Burbank, California, that employs 27 people.

Then there is Michelle Phan, a former Tampa resident who has amassed a net worth
Forbes estimates at $3 million with her YouTube tutorials on how to apply makeup
to look like a celebrity.

Everything is digital these days, said Yates of the Clearwater Aquarium, who is
writing, directing and producing the Web series. There is no denying that.

Rescue Clearwater, episode one, details work the aquarium has done since it
opened 35 years ago.

Episode two will feature Winter the Dolphin, star and inspiration of the two
Dolphin Tale movies.

Also appearing in the series will be Nathan Gamble, Cozi Zuehlsdorff  and Austin
Highsmith, who portrayed Sawyer Nelson, Hazel Haskett and Phoebe in the movies.

Future plots will revolve around the aquarium's work with marine life such as
turtles and otters and will follow people from around the world - including
disabled children and wounded service members - inspired by injured and sick
animals overcoming the odds.

Yates said the Web series will pick up where the Dolphin Tale films left off in
describing the aquarium's work and the impact shared stories have had on
attendance.The study the University of South Florida-St. Petersburg conducted
said nearly three of four visitors to the aquarium were drawn there by the
original Dolphin Tale movie. The $5 billion forecast covered the period through
2016.A report commissioned by the Motion Picture Association of America said 23
percent of leisure visitors to Florida consider viewing a movie or television
series filmed in the state as very important or extremely important in their
decision to come here.

We have a social media platform of over 2 million, Yates said. We engage them in
a variety of ways and the show will expand the number of people we reach on
social media.

[#x2756] [#x2756] [#x2756]

Film commissioner Armer said online content may not seem as engaging to the
general public as a blockbuster Hollywood film, but those working in the
industry are well aware of its potential impact.

Armer recently attended Utah's Sundance Film Festival, one of the top
independent film festivals in the world and a place where up-and-coming talent
gets discovered. Among those who broke through there are Darren Aronofsky,
brothers Joel and Ethan Coen, Christopher Nolan, Robert Rodriguez and Quentin
Tarantino.

While festival-goers this year talked about who would join that list of top film
directors, there was even more discussion about who would be the next big Web
director, Armer said.

This was a film festival. And they were more interested in talking about online
content.That's why despite also producing 35 CDs and five DVDs of educational
content that sell to schools nationwide, Jack Hartmann is determined to keep
growing his online presence.Jack is like Elvis to a lot of kids, said
co-producer Johnson. But we feel he can still reach more kids and their
parents.In time, Yates predicted, Rescue Clearwater will find a home on a
traditional television network or cable station.

He is already in negotiations for a deal, he said.

Still, he hopes to keep showing it online, too.

Kids don't sit in front of the television anymore, Yates said. They sit with
their iPad or phone. The mix is changing and we need to change with it.

pguzzo@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7606

@PGuzzoTBO

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

NAWG Weekly Update 5/19/16

LENGTH: 1613  words

DATELINE: New York



 Oklahoma City: National Association of Wheat Growers has issued the following
news release:



 This week the World Health Organization and the Food and Agriculture
Organization of the United Nations concluded that Glyphosate, Diazinon and
Malathion are unlikely to pose a carcinogenic risk to humans from exposure
through diet. These determinations by the joint international panel on pesticide
residue refute the conclusions from the International Agency for Research and
Cancer that determined the three chemicals were probable human carcinogens. The
use of these products has been debated in the press, and diazinon, malathion and
chlorpyrifos are currently undergoing registration review at EPA.

The European Union is scheduled to vote on the continued use of glyphosate this
summer. Glyphosate is one of many important tools used by wheat growers. It has
been determined through independent grower surveys that approximately 30% of
wheat acres in the U.S. receive an application of glyphosate to help manage
weeds. These applications occur before planting, at planting or after planting
but before wheat emergence in no-till or reduced tillage cropping systems.
Glyphosate was first registered for use by the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency in 1974 and registration was completed in 1993. Regulatory bodies and
scientific institutions have conducted science-based evaluations and concluded
that typical glyphosate usage does not pose an unreasonable health risk to
humans, when used according to label directions. For more than 20 years, the EPA
has determined, through risk assessments and science-based evaluations,
glyphosate is non-carcinogenic to humans. Glyphosate-based herbicides have had a
long history of safe use.



 Senate Appropriations Committee Advances FY 2017 Ag Appropriations

 On Thursday, the Senate Appropriations Committee unanimously approved the
Senate version of the FY 2017 Agriculture Appropriations bill. The bill includes
$21.25 billion in discretionary spending, including $2.54 billion for ag
research through the Agricultural Research Service (ARS) and the National
Institute of Food Agriculture (AFRI). Additionally, similar to the House
version, the Senate bill increases funding for the Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative (AFRI) competitive grants program by $25 million up to $375 million.
NAWG applauds these increases, particularly since the legislation includes an
additional $2 million for the U.S. Wheat and Barley Scab Initiative. This
increase reflects the same level in the House Committee-passed version as well.



 The bill also includes an amendment from Senator John Hoeven (R-ND) that would
require USDA to establish a pilot program for the 2016 crop year that would
enable state Farm Service Agency (FSA) offices to make supplemental Agriculture
Risk Coverage (ARC) program payments in instances where there are significant
yield calculation differences in comparable counties. Where such instances
arise, within the pilot program, the applicable state FSA office would have an
ability to recalculate ARC-County yields for relevant counties based on several
specific requirements.



 The bill would also provide $1.5 million for USDA to place Foreign Agricultural
Service (FAS) employees in the new Cuban embassy. During the markup, the
Committee considered a number of amendments, including one that would require
the labeling of genetically engineered salmon as well as one to ban horse
slaughter. Following Committee passage, the legislation would now be slated for
floor action sometime in the coming weeks. Video and documents, including a bill
summary, from the markup can be found at this link.



 Senate Agriculture Committee Reviews State of Farm Economy, Farm Credit System

 The Senate Agriculture Committee held a hearing Thursday to review the state of
the farm economy and to examine the role of the Farm Credit System in financing
agricultural operations. The Committee heard from all three board members of the
Farm Credit Administration, which is an independent agency charged with
regulating the Farm Credit System. A second panel included testimony from
witnesses representing traditional financial institutions, the Farm Credit
System, and a producer.



 During the hearing, participants discussed the current economic conditions
facing rural America, including the declining commodity prices and the ripple
effect that has had throughout agriculture and rural communities.  They also
discussed the dynamics of the current economic conditions as compared to the
farm economy of the 1980s.  Video from the hearing and testimony from the
witnesses can be found at this link.



 ITC Releases Report on Economic Impact of TPP

 On Wednesday, the International Trade Commission (ITC) released its highly
anticipated report on the economic impacts expected to accrue from the adoption
of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). For the entire agriculture and food
sector, the report forecasts a $7.2 billion increase in exports or a growth of
about 2.6 percent by 2032 compared to the same timeframe without TPP.



 The report recognized that the U.S. wheat industry would see substantial gains
in market access and subsequent exports to Vietnam where the United States
currently competes at a tariff disadvantage to Australian suppliers.
Specifically, the ITC notes that U.S. wheat and other grain exports to Vietnam
would increase by a healthy 25.3 percent by 2032 under TPP. However, ITC also
concludes that U.S. wheat exports to Japan would decline by 17 percent under
TPP. There are two distinct markets for wheat in Japan: one for high quality
food grade wheat and one for lower quality, lower priced livestock feed wheat.
Japan has consistently imported about 60 percent of its annual milling wheat
needs from the United States, with Canada and Australia making up the balance.
Because access to Japan's milling wheat market would remain equal among the
three suppliers under TPP and because Japan requires different types of wheat
for distinct uses, we see no reason why U.S. sales would decline.



 "The assumptions made in the ITC report are disappointing and misleading," said
NAWG President Gordon Stoner.  "U.S. wheat farmers stand to benefit from a lower
MAFF markup and new market access in Japan and from being able to compete on a
level playing field in Vietnam.  Congress should act quickly to enable farmers
to take full advantage of the potential economic opportunities at stake under
TPP."



 The full joint statement from NAWG and U.S. Wheat Associates can be found here.




 NAS Releases Report on GE Crops Effect on Human Health and Environment

 The National Academy of Sciences (NAS) Board on Agriculture and Natural
Resources has released a long-awaited report regarding their extensive study on
the benefits, possible consequences, and prospects of genetically engineered
crops. The report, which was released before a widely-broadcast event, states
that while long-term effects of genetically engineered crops are difficult to
analyze, there is no substantial evidence of a difference in risks to human
health or environment between currently commercialized genetically engineered
(GE) crops and conventionally bred crops. Specifically, the report considered
insight, comments, and research from nearly 1,000 sources to develop its
conclusion regarding GE crops' role in contributing to future crop improvement
and enhanced resistance to diseases, herbicides, and insecticides. The report
analyzed insect populations in areas where GE crops were widely used, as well as
weed resistance of GE crops engineered to be resistant to herbicides such as
glyphosate. Their findings revealed that insect populations generally decreased
in areas with GE crops, while weed resistance to herbicides was slow. The report
also dives into the regulatory process and recommends that GE and non-GE crops
be reviewed and determined if regulations are needed on traits. The study
suggests that regulation should apply to the novel characteristics of the plant
variety rather than the process. As APHIS continues to review Part 340 and a
potential update to the regulatory process, NAWG has conditionally supported the
"analyze first, regulate second" approach that APHIS offered as a potential
option, noting that a phase-in approach needs to build upon existing systems and
not start from scratch. NAWG is generally in agreement with the NAS report and
emphasizes that GE crops are a sound science whose application to crop
development is crucial for the sustainability of global crops.



 Seed Treatment Lawsuit Moves Forward

 Earlier this year, NAWG joined a coalition of agriculture groups, agricultural
retailers and Crop Life America in requesting to intervene in a lawsuit brought
against the EPA by environmental activists and others. The lawsuit is Anderson
v. EPA, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
on Jan. 6, 2016. The plaintiffs want the court to order the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) to regulate seeds treated with pesticides as if the
seeds were the pesticides. In an Order dated May 13, the court rejected EPA's
motion to dismiss the case, but also issued an Order that granted the Motion to
Intervene. NAWG will be working with the agriculture coalition on next steps for
the lawsuit to defend EPA's current regulation of neonicotinoid and other seed
treatment pesticides and to ensure that the court and EPA understand the vital
importance of treated seeds to American agriculture.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Lakeland Echo

                                 April 21, 2004

Doubts surface about restoring Kendal canal

LENGTH: 471 words


HOPES of restoring the northern reaches of the Lancaster Canal to Kendal have
been dealt a severe blow.

North West Development Agency chief executive Steven Broomhead has responded to
enquiries from Liberal Democrat Euro-MP Chris Davies by indicating that the
agency is not convinced that the project is economically viable.

Plans to create an inland waterway link all the way from the Lake District to
London have aroused much enthusiasm since British Waterways made clear its
interest in the scheme.

The project has gained momentum since the completion of the Ribble Link has for
the first time made possible the movement of boats from the Lancaster Canal to
the rest of the inland navigation system across England.

Restoration of the canal's northern reaches from its current terminus below
Tewitfield locks would be a formidable task.

The 14-mile stretch to Kendal has been closed since the 1960s and severed in
four places by the M6 motorway and the A590.

But a British Waterways study found that restoring the canal would create 2,000
new permanent jobs and generate £14 million per year for the local economy.

Surveys and initial design work have commenced.

Euro-MP Chris Davies, a canal enthusiast, has been a supporter of the project
since its inception and says he is deeply disappointed by the agency's response.

In his letter, NWDA chief executive Steven Broomhead said: "The agency's
resources are focused on delivering economic impact across the North West region
as outlined in the Regional Economic Strategy and after careful consideration we
are not convinced that this type of initiative would deliver the economic impact
that the RES requires."

Feared

Chris Davies said he feared that the canal's rural setting was counting against
it because the benefits of restoration affected fewer people than similar work
in an urban environment.

"There is no physical reason why the canal cannot be restored, but the problem
of putting together the necessary funding package will be formidable without
financial backing from the NWDA.

"The major waterway project taking place in the North West at present is the
rebuilding of the Manchester, Bolton & Bury Canal.

"It presents similar engineering difficulties but benefits from EU grants and
investment from property developers, opportunities that are largely denied to
the Lancaster Canal because it is not in an area of industrial decline.

"I shall be meeting with British Waterways shortly to discuss how best the
Lancaster Canal's restoration can be taken forward."

The Lancaster Canal, England's most northerly canal, was a main artery in the
economic development of Cumbria and Lancashire in the late 18th and early 19th
centuries. The navigation was intended to link Kendal to the Wigan coalfields.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                           © 2004 Johnston Press Plc


                              575 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Evening Telegraph

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

Corby theatre is a storming success

BYLINE: Kate Cronin

LENGTH: 404  words


Audience figures for the Core Theatre in Corby Cube are beating all targets.

The theatre, which was opened in 2010, welcomed 34,958 adults and children in
the last financial year against a target of 31,000 people.

The figures were revealed as part of a report to Corby councillors that will
help them decide how they provide funding to the theatre in the future.

Core data also shows:

- Turnover for 2015/16 of £997,187 compared to a projected £865,000

- An economic impact on the area of £3,194,566

- 7,158 school pupils participated in events at the Core, beating a yearly
target of 3,500

- There were 187 volunteers at the theatre last year, exceeding the target of
130

A report written by the council's principal leisure officer Julie Cardwell will
be presented to councillors at next week's One Corby Policy Committee meeting.

It states: "The quality of the work undertaken at the Core has been recognised
regionally and nationally with artists wanting to visit Corby to deliver
workshops to local people which has increased opportunities for the community.

"The business model for the Core is dependent on maintaining a mixed economy of
ticket income, bar sales, public subsidy, grants and sponsorship.

"The Core does receive other funding from other organisations such as charities
and trusts for delivery of projects and initiatives within the theatre such as
schools project work, performance workshops as well as development work that
have been recognised nationally."

Corby Council had provided grants worth £350,000 per year but financial
belt-tightening meant that in 2011 the authority had to reduce its yearly grant
by 15 per cent to £297,500.

The Core, a not-for-profit firm, has attracted grants worth £1,250,000 from the
Arts Council since 2009 and future funding of £421,000 has already been agreed
to run up to 2018.

Now Corby Council has five funding options to decide between, given its
financial shortfall of up to £1.5m over the next two years. These include
maintaining funding levels, cutting the amount of grants, handing over the
theatre to a management firm or shutting the theatre as an unavoidable last
resort.

Officers have recommended that councillors vote in favour of option two, which
would see continuation of present levels of grant funding the Core for two years
to allow it to consider its own financial constraints in the coming years.

A decision will be made at the meeting in the Cube next Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MKET


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 26, 2012 Thursday

Friendsville gets grant to help complete its part of Garrett County's loop trail

BYLINE: Elaine Blaisdell, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 539 words


July 26--FRIENDSVILLE -- The town of Friendsville recently received a $78,500
award as one of the recipients of the 2013 Bikeways Program Grant.

"We are very happy to receive the grant. I appreciate the cooperation of
everyone that we worked with to achieve this grant," said Mayor Spencer
Schlosnagle. "It is part of the master plan for our future to bring in economic
development for recreational activities."

The grant will be used for designing and engineering a town trail that will
extend to the community park.

It also will help with additional signage, bike racks and safety improvements in
the future construction of the Kendall Trail, according to Schlosnagle.

The Kendall Trail, which begins on Morris Avenue, is about three miles long and,
once fully completed, will go into the Sang Run area of Oakland.

"It's a big benefit for our community," said Schlosnagle.

The Bikeways Program is an integral part of the proposed Eastern Continental
Divide Loop Trail, an initiative developed and led by Garrett Trails.

The vision for the proposed loop trail is a 150-mile, hard-packed, multi-user
trail that runs through the heart of Garrett County and bridges the connections
between existing trails and connects to larger trail networks outside the
county, according to the Garrett Trails website.

The northern portion of the loop trail leads through Grantsville, eventually
connecting with the Great Allegheny Passage in Meyersdale, Pa.

The existing Allegheny Highlands Trail forms a loop at Confluence, Pa., where it
can be taken to the southern portion of the loop beginning at Friendsville,
according to the trail's website.

"The benefits of a county-wide recreational trail system are wide-ranging. A
comprehensive trail system will enhance the quality of the life within the
county and become an indispensable asset," states the 2003 Garrett County
Recreational Trails Plan update.

"Although creating or expanding a trail system can deliver significant economic
benefits by itself, communities can do more to capitalize on the economic
potential of trails. Trails generate positive economic impacts by delivering
additional spending to businesses. As businesses become more productive, new
jobs and tax revenue follow."

Statewide, the Bikeways Program provided 28 winners with $3.13 million in grants
to seven counties, Baltimore City and 12 other municipalities, according to the
program website.

These projects are the second set of grants awarded through the Bikeways
Program, bringing the total to 48 bikeways grant recipients for a total of $5.63
million to date.

The grant was made possible thanks to the assistance of Gov. Martin O'Malley,
who facilitated the program; U.S. Sen. Ben Cardin and his staff, who are strong
proponents of hiking and biking trails; and Garrett Trails, according to
Schlosnagle.

"It is a joint effort with everyone working together to make it a reality,"
Schlosnagle said.

For more information on the proposed Eastern Continental Divide Loop Trail,
visit the website at www.garretttrails.org.

Contact Elaine Blaisdell at eblaisdell@times-news.com

___ (c)2012 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120726-UM-Friendsville-gets-grant
-to-help-complete-its-part-of-Garrett-County-s-loop-trail-0726-20120726

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2012 Cumberland Times-News


                              577 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Texas: City of Austin announces $11 million investment in Austin Arts Ecosystem

LENGTH: 733 words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: The State of Texas has issued the following news release:



   362 contracts awarded to date for Fiscal Year 2017



 Austin, Texas - In honor of National Arts and Humanities Month, the City of
Austin Economic Development Department's Cultural Arts Division is proud to
announce 362 contracts totaling $11,231,122 have been awarded to Austin artists
and arts groups for Fiscal Year 2017. This investment in Austin's local artistic
community is vital to the strength of our local economy and in sustaining a
thriving component of the unique civic character that shapes valuable
experiences for Austin's residents and visitors. The dollars from increased
tourism and hotel use, are a core investment in the $4.3B creative industry of
Austin. The creative economy generates $71M a year in new taxes and employs
49,000 people according to a study conducted by TXP, Inc.





 As the City of Austin prepares to enter into this year's cultural contracts,
the City is releasing data on the economic impact for FY 15 (with FY 16 data
still being collected).  A summary of the impact of the FY 15 awards is as
follows:





     $8,037,882 in contracted funds

     294 total contracts

     5,425,339 audience members reached

         625,854 youth served

         661,032 tourists served

     513 full-time positions supported

     1,242 part-time positions supported

     8,190 artists received a fee

     13,947 volunteers utilized

     $4,968,035 in In-Kind contributions

     $71,735,209 additional cash expenses leveraged to complete contracted
activities

     892.46% leveraged funds

     Or 8.93 times as much leveraged funds





 "Austin's arts community is a significant contributor to our economic and
cultural vibrancy as a city, and the support that we can lend through the
Cultural Funding Program generates a huge return on investment, in terms of both
the dollars leveraged and the enrichment of our daily lives by the amazing
variety and quality of the arts produced here in Austin," said Meghan Wells,
Cultural Arts Division Manager.



 It is expected that when FY 16 data are available, the economic impact will be
greater than that of FY 15, as the number of contracts increased from 294 to 298
and the amount awarded increased from just over $8 million to approximately $9.1
million.  With the number of FY 17 contracts at a record level, the economic
impact continues to grow, with the number of contracts increasing by 123% (from
FY 15) to a projected 450 and the amount awarded increasing by 140% to over $11
million.



 The FY 17 awards include funding through four main programs (Core, Cultural
Expansion, Cultural Heritage Festivals, and Capacity Building), as well as money
set aside to be expended throughout the year for the monthly Community
Initiatives program.  The funds also support the TEMPO temporary public art
program and creation and implementation of up to three new Innovative and
Collaborative funding opportunities that the Cultural Arts Division plans to
roll out soon.



 New this year, awards to AALANA (African American, Latino, Asian, and Native
American) contractors in the Core program include a 10% modifier as part of the
Cultural Arts Division's efforts to make funding more equitable.  Recognizing
that these artists and arts groups are in historically disadvantaged economic
positions, the modifier helps alleviate the impact a smaller budget could have
on the recipient's overall award.  The modifier added an additional $77,943 to
the 74 awarded AALANA contractors.



 All programs except Capacity Building are funded through the Hotel Occupancy
Tax, of which the Cultural Arts Division receives 15% of the total collected.
The Capacity Building program is funded through a grant from the Texas
Commission on the Arts and allocations from the FY 17 City of Austin budget
adopted by City Council.



 City of Austin Cultural Arts Division

 The Cultural Arts Division of the Economic Development Department provides
leadership and management for the City's cultural arts programs and for the
development of arts and cultural industries. The Cultural Arts Division is
responsible for the Cultural Arts Funding Programs, Art in Public Places
Program, community-based arts development, and programs to assist the
development of film and creative industries in Austin.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            September 2, 2012 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

U's Kaler: It's all about return on investment

BYLINE: LEE SCHAFER; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 860 words


University of Minnesota President Eric Kaler often speaks to service clubs and
other groups, and he usually works in a variation of this: "For every state
dollar invested in us, we return $13.20 to Minnesota's economy."

Dropping that line on an audience is part of Kaler's standard pitch to remind
folks of the university's deep economic impact.

It's a curious sign of past and future battles over state budget priorities that
anybody in Kaler's position would undertake a campaign to point out something so
obvious: An organization like the university has an enormous impact on the
regional economy, given that it has a $3.2 billion annual budget.

In a recent conversation, Kaler talked a lot about return on that investment,
and it's his plan to increase the ratio by raising the economic impact in that
calculation, not chopping the amount invested. His is a growth strategy, not a
cost-control strategy.

Our conversation came about after I heard Kaler use that $13.20 figure twice
this year. Turns out, the figure is from a study commissioned before Kaler
assumed his post last year.

"It's important for me to steadily and clearly articulate the value of the U,"
Kaler said. "And sometimes I am frustrated that it seems to get caught up in
other messages."

And he is far from alone among big university leaders in that effort.

"A large number of schools [are] trying to determine the economic impact of
their institutions," said M. Peter McPherson, president of the Association of
Public and Land-grant Universities. "A place like Minnesota, you really have to
look at it statewide, and it comes to billions and billions of dollars."

In fact, the Pittsburgh-based Tripp Umbach consulting firm, which produced the
U's study, arrived at $8.6 billion based upon direct and indirect impacts of
employment, purchasing, and other activities for the fiscal year ended in 2010.
Tripp Umbach's approach did not really calculate return on investment as an
executive would do while allocating capital in a business. The $13.20 number was
simply dividing the $8.6 billion by that year's state support of $651.3 million.

Vice President for Research Tim Mulcahy, who participated in the conversation
with Kaler, called Tripp Umbach's 2011 economic impact study a "blunt
instrument." Critics may quibble with its methodology, Mulcahy added, but they
should also acknowledge that the university's leadership is responding to calls
for greater accountability for results.

But if you talk to business folks in an audience when Kaler is speaking, as I
have, most of the grumbling has little to do with the university's big economic
footprint in the state. Instead, they say, why can't the university do its job
cheaper? Does it really need all of its more than 25,000 employees?

"The U is a great big place, and most people associate great big places with
inefficiency," Kaler said. "I talk to people who know the university and have
also worked in private industry, and they tell me that we do things pretty
effectively and efficiently. We do that because we don't have any money to do
anything else."

Kaler leads an effort among his senior staff called operational excellence. The
university takes pains not to call it an initiative, but an ongoing part of
management of the university. One result was the review kicked off when Kaler
learned that the university had 265 institutes and academic centers.

Kaler isn't trying to find ways to cut the budget. In terms of strategy, he
said, he wants whatever dollars he can find for the core missions, so research
can increase, educational outcomes improve, academic qualifications of incoming
students can increase, and the rate of tuition growth can fall.

"If you take the sum of the state appropriations and tuition revenue per capita
in 1997 it came to about [$15,000]," Kaler said. "If you take that same ratio in
2012, in constant dollars, it's about 13 percent lower. Does that equate to some
easily demonstrable increase in efficiency? Yeah, I think so."

Using more online teaching tools and other information technology? Kaler is
interested, but to improve learning outcomes, not necessarily to cut costs. He
said the for-profit, online education delivery model "is not a magnificent new
paradigm that is going to save the world."

Eliminate or reduce the one-on-one nature of graduate-student work with faculty?
Not smart, Kaler said. "The economy would feel that in dramatic ways in a short
amount of time," as the best candidates for graduate schools go elsewhere and
those the U sends into the Minnesota workforce are less qualified.

Cut back on research infrastructure? Kaler said the U is the eighth-largest
public research university in a state that is 21st in population. And, he added,
the capital coming for externally funded research is "fresh investment" new to
the state.

Compensation is another issue Kaler described as "touchy," and he put his
approach this way:

"Do you really want us to employ faculty members we can get to work for us as
cheaply as possible? Or do you want us to employ the best faculty, for which we
compete across the world for talent?

"I'm going to go with B."

lee.schafer@startribune.com - 612-673-4302

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            August 2, 2006 Wednesday

Morning briefs

SECTION: Pg. F-1

LENGTH: 609 words


ST. AUGUSTINE RANKED AS A WALKABLE CITY BY AAA

Editors of AAA's travel guides this week ranked St. Augustine as one of the 10
most walkable cities in North America.

The ranking was based on editors' expertise of the areas they cover; the cities
were not involved in the survey. Key criteria included having a compressed
downtown area where visitors could arrive, park their cars and explore by foot
until they were ready to leave.

Other cities include Old Town Alexandria, Va.; Boston; New Orleans; downtown Los
Angeles; Washington, D.C.; Charleston, S.C.; Old Québec City; Greenwich Village,
N.Y.; and San Francisco.

The top 10 list was the first walkable city list published by AAA, a nonprofit
travel and roadside assistance organization based near Orlando. But company
spokesman Mike Pina said it is likely the editors will continue generating the
list on an annual basis. The results will be published in various AAA
publications in September.

Alison Trinidad/Times-Union

GRANT FOR CVB TO FOSTER LOCAL MINORITY CONFERENCES

The Jacksonville & the Beaches Convention and Visitors Bureau has received a
$15,000 grant from Visit Florida and the Florida Commission on Tourism for the
2006-2007 fiscal year, which begins Oct. 1. The grant, designed to encourage
minority conventions and conferences to meet in Florida, will allow a group of
up to 20 minority meeting planners to tour the Jacksonville area and its
amenities.

Jacksonville received more than a third of the $40,000 distributed this year.

In April 2004, the CVB hosted a similar minority meeting planner event. That
generated group bookings that brought in more than $431,000 in hotel room
revenue and nearly $1 million in delegate expenditures, the CVB said. Since
2000, multicultural sales initiatives have resulted in 111 group bookings,
45,847 room nights and a total economic impact of $21.4 million.

Alison Trinidad/Times-Union

TRIBUNE, GANNETT INCREASE STAKE IN CAREERBUILDER

Gannett Co. and Tribune Co., the biggest U.S. newspaper publishers, will pay
McClatchy Co. $310 million to gain a larger share of CareerBuilder.com and two
other Web sites.

The transaction values CareerBuilder.com, the biggest U.S. help-wanted site, at
$1.55 billion, the companies said Tuesday in a statement. Each will pay $142
million to increase their stakes in CareerBuilder to 42.5 percent.

The deal signals the importance being placed on CareerBuilder by the newspaper
companies as they seek to stem the loss of classified advertisers to Web sites
such as Craigslist and Google Inc.

McClatchy will retain a 15 percent stake in the site, part of its June 28
purchase of Knight Ridder Inc., and will gain a seat on the site's board.

Bloomberg News

JOB CUTS FALL 64 PERCENT IN LAST YEAR, LOWEST IN YEARS

Job cuts announced by U.S. employers fell 64 percent in the 12 months that ended
in July, to their lowest in six years, as companies were reluctant to fire
workers with unemployment at its lowest since 2001.

Announced job cuts fell to 37,178 last month from 102,971 a year ago,
Challenger, Gray & Christmas Inc., a Chicago-based placement firm, said today.
Because the figures aren't adjusted for seasonal effects, economists focus on
year-over-year changes instead of monthly figures. There were 45 percent fewer
job-cut announcements in July than in June.

Job-cut announcements in the first seven months of the year were 25 percent
lower than during the same period in 2005, indicating companies are holding onto
experienced workers as the unemployment rate in June held at 4.6 percent, a
level many economist consider "full employment."

The Labor Department will report on Aug. 4 the jobless rate for July.

Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Florida Times-Union


                              580 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            East Anglian Daily Times

                              May 19, 2015 Tuesday

Cycling puts the wheels of commerce in motion

BYLINE: PR Script Managers

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 785 words


The rolling countryside and picture postcard villages of Suffolk and north Essex
make the area a great place for a cycle ride. It is a point not lost on race
organisers who have brought some of the sport's most prestigious events to the
region in recent years.



The final stage of last year's inaugural Women's Tour of Britain saw the cream
of women's cycling race from Harwich to Bury St Edmunds while the Tour De France
2014 also visited Essex as the peloton wound through places like Saffron Walden
and Finchingfield on its way to London.

This year more top class â ¨cycling is heading our way. The Women's Tour kicks
off next â ¨month with a stage from Bury â ¨St Edmunds to Aldeburgh before
taking competitors from Braintree to Clacton on the following day. â ¨The men's
Tour of Britain is expected in the region in September when competitors will
pedal a gruelling 225km round the houses from Fakenham to Ipswich. It's â ¨the
first time both events have â ¨taken place in the region in the same year.

Economic boost

While these events are a boon for cycling fans they are also seen as an
opportunity to boost the local economy in terms of attracting visitors to the
region on the day and promoting the region as a tourist destination in the
longer term.

Later this week, Alistair Grant, pictured right, commercial director at
Sweetspot Group, the company that organises the events, and Andy Wood, the chief
executive at brewers Adnams, which is the principal sponsor of the Womens' Tour
on its Suffolk leg, are due to address a meeting at the Suffolk Chamber of
Commerce about the business benefits key cycling events bring.

"There are costs involved in bringing these events to the region but they are a
community celebration that brings some of the best athletes in their sport in
the world to the county and literally outside people's doorsteps," says Grant.

"Investment from private sector sponsors helps with these costs and there are
also huge benefits to the local economy as spectators travel from far and wide
to watch the events."

Grant says in 2012 the first â ¨stage of the Tour of Britain that started on
Ipswich Waterfront â ¨and finished at Norwich Showground generated £3.3million
for the region on the day while the final stage of the Women's Tour that ended
in  Bury St Edmunds grossed around £500,000. The figures are based on spectator
numbers, visitor surveys and the number of hotel nights.

Tourism

But there are other economic benefits that are more difficult to quantify,
according to Colin Grogan, Suffolk County Council's sport, health and inclusion
development manager.

He said: "The events are also â ¨an opportunity to showcase Suffolk as a tourist
destination because â ¨they are shown on television screens across Europe and
are a good chance to show what this place has to offer.  We work closely with
Visit Suffolk and hope to capitalise on the growth in popularity of cycling
holidays."

Grogan says he is keen â ¨to attract businesses in â ¨the county to come on
board as event sponsors - it already has Adnams as its principal sponsor for the
Women's Tour but is offering a range of packages to other interested parties.
Benefits to participating companies include branding on media in the run up to
the event, corporate hospitality and logos on hoardings near the start and
finishing lines.

But Grogan says commercial considerations are not the only reason for bringing
cycling events to the region.  The authority also hopes they will inspire people
to get on their bikes themselves, whether it be to cycle to work or for fun, or
to get seriously involved in the sport of cycling.

To tie in with the events it has launched a Suffolk Year of Cycling initiative
for that purpose (see www.suffolkyearofcycling.co.uk). The campaign also aims to
encourage other road users to be more considerate to cyclists, so those choosing
to pedal the highways and byways of Suffolk can do so in safety.

Essex impacts

Over in Essex, county councillor Kevin Bentley describes the economic impact of
the Tour â ¨de France in Essex last year â ¨as "colossal". The official impact
report in the wake of the event found that Cambridgeshire â ¨and Essex had
together received an £11m boost from the day.

"We had a tremendous number of people come out at the different locations when
the Tour De France was here," he says.

"Every since the Olympics, cycling has just grown in popularity and more and
more people are taking an interest in it. When we have races like this coming to
Essex it's a great for the economy all over the region as people come to the
area and spend real money in restaurants, tea rooms and shops.

"Its economic impact was colossal and it was a tourist attraction in its own
right."

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EAD


                    Copyright 2015 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 19, 2010 Tuesday

Citizen committee to support F-35

BYLINE: Joyce Lobeck, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 551 words


Jan. 19--Yuma has a rich tradition as a military town, one that a fledging
committee wants to demonstrate in support of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter that
military officials have said will arrive at Marine Corps Air Station Yuma first.

"We're forming a citizen action committee to show community support for the
F-35," said Julie Engel, president and CEO of Greater Yuma Economic Development
Corp. "Yuma has historically told the DOD (Department of Defense) that this is a
military-friendly town."

That's a tradition she hopes to continue with formation of the committee as the
F-35 Joint Strike Fighter comes on board.

Engel said a number of people, among them elected officials and business
leaders, have already stepped up and made a commitment to serve on the
committee.

However, formation of the committee is just in the initial stages. She said the
hope is to have 200 members on the main committee, with elected officials,
military personnel, the business community and the public at large.
Subcommittees also will be formed to tackle specific tasks.

"We won't turn anyone away," she said.

An initial meeting has been scheduled for 6 p.m. Feb. 9 at the former City Hall,
180 W. 1st St., in the old Yuma City Council chambers.

During that meeting, she said, a report will be presented on the latest
information on the F-35. Scheduled guest speakers from MCAS Yuma include Lt.
Col. Mark A Workman, plans officer; Lt. Col. Geoff Olander, JSF site activation;
and Maj. James Combs, community planner.

"We want the public to be informed," Engel said. "We want to educate the
community about the project and the economic impact it will have."

To that end, GYEDC also has applied for a grant from the Department of Commerce
Rural Economic Development Initiative (REDI) to fund the development and
maintenance of a Joint Strike Fighter Web site, dedicated toward the
dissemination of news and information as well as garnering public support for
the F-35.

Included within this grant application are dollars dedicated toward the
advertising of public meetings, the creation and distribution of fliers and
other materials that will be used for public information purposes, Engel said.

The hope is that the committee not only would lend support to the F-35 being
based in Yuma but also to potential contractors who would be involved in the
project, she said.

"We're looking at it as an opportunity to promote Yuma to them as well. We want
to demonstrate that Yuma embraces the military, technology and industry."

The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter will be made in three versions for use by the
Marine Corps, the U.S. Air Force and the U.S. Navy as well as the nation's
allied defense forces worldwide.

The version for the Marine Corps would be the next-generation fighter jet
capable of vertical landings and takeoffs to replace the aging Harriers now
based at MCAS Yuma.

For more information about the committee, call GYEDC at 782-7774.

To see more of The Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.yumasun.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100119-YZ-Citizen-committee-to-support-F-35-0119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2010 The Sun


                              582 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                       October 3, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Lime Energy Awarded US Department of Energy Grant to Complete Energy Efficiency
Projects in Three Cities

LENGTH: 684  words


Oct. 3 -- Lime Energy Co. has been awarded a funding agreement by the Department
of Energy's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy to design and
deliver "Achieving Energy Efficiency in Small Businesses in Low-Income Areas,"
an energy efficiency program for low-income communities. As part of this
collaboration, the DOE will invest $1.35 million to help Lime Energy engage
10,000 small businesses and complete 2,500 small business efficiency retrofit
projects in low-income areas in Atlanta, Orlando, and Houston. "Lime Energy has
been a leader in delivering clean energy solutions to small businesses across
America, and we are excited to partner with the U.S. Department of Energy on
this initiative," said Adam Procell, Lime Energy's President and CEO. "We
believe that our unique approach and our innovative metering technology will
help drive all the benefits of energy efficiency deeper and more
cost-effectively into the heart of the communities that need it the most."

Lime Energy will partner with the Institute for Market Transformation, a leading
national building energy performance policy and outreach organization based in
Washington DC. Lime Energy will also partner with the Houston Advanced Research
Center in Texas, and with a wide variety of regional and local energy alliances,
business associations, and grassroots community organizations to launch an
intensive outreach program to penetrate these low-income areas. This project
team will also engage local governments to coordinate efforts on the ground.
These partnerships will result in a scalable, community based strategy that will
serve groups of buildings and consumers infrequently reached in disadvantaged
neighborhoods. Participating small businesses will receive Lime Energy's proven
turn-key energy efficiency services including a full energy assessment,
presentation of an immediate on-site proposal, and the installation of new
energy efficiency equipment. In addition to this baseline service, the DOE grant
will allow Lime Energy to offer a performance-based contract that minimizes risk
for small businesses by measuring and verifying their energy savings using
advanced metering technology and a user friendly mobile app.

"Buildings in low-income communities face multiple technical and financial
challenges to deploying energy efficiency solutions," said Dr. Jason Hartke,
Manager, Commercial Buildings Integration Program, U.S. Department of Energy.
"We are pleased to support Lime Energy in its efforts to address these barriers,
particularly those obstacles faced by small businesses, through the development
and implementation of scalable energy efficiency options in communities that can
benefit greatly from these energy saving measures."

With these investments from Lime Energy and the DOE, dozens of local jobs will
be directly created in Florida, Georgia, and Texas. In addition to these direct
jobs, the estimated $30 million in energy savings realized by the targeted small
businesses will function as reinvestment in these communities, resulting in
numerous indirect jobs and economic activity. In addition to the economic
impact, these projects are expected to eliminate approximately 17,000 metric
tons of greenhouse gases over a three-year period, creating a cleaner and safer
environment for local residents. This revolutionary project will bring
innumerable benefits to these low income communities, making them more
efficient, more prosperous, and better places to live and work.

"Lime Energy and our partners truly appreciate the opportunity to pursue this
collaborative initiative with DOE," said Lloyd Kass, Lime Energy's Vice
President of Green Communities and lead developer of the project. "We look
forward to learning a great deal during the project, about improving approaches
to small business energy efficiency, and to being able to share these lessons
with the industry as a whole - in order to more deeply penetrate small
commercial facilities across the country with energy efficiency solutions."

To learn more about Lime Energy, please visit www.lime-energy.com.

Source: Lime Energy

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           December 24, 2013 Tuesday

Star Power: Planetarium Reborn;
North Museum Plans $1.5 Million Upgrade.

BYLINE: Tim Mekeel

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 909  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Business Editor

tmekeel@lnpnews.com

The star of the show at the North Museum will get a new luster next year.

In a $1.5 million project, the museum will replace its "obsolete" hybrid
mechanical and digital planetarium with a state-of-the-art, all-digital system.

"This is very, very exciting for us," said Margaret Marino, the museum's
executive director.

"We'll be able to do a real night sky. We'll be able to send people through the
universe," she added.

The North Museum learned Monday that it has been approved for a $750,000
matching grant from the state Economic Growth Initiative.

The museum received the full amount it sought.

Also receiving state funding here is:

Rock Lititz, a collaboration by music-industry firms Clair Global, Tait Towers
and Atomic Design.

Rock Lititz will get $3 million to help develop its Warwick Township complex. It
sought $7 million.

Turned down for funding were:

The Lancaster General College of Nursing & Health Sciences.

Lancaster General had sought $8 million to help fund a 155,000-square-foot
building and a 550-space parking garage for the college.

Ephrata Community Hospital.

Ephrata Community had sought $2 million for a renovation and expansion of its
outpatient surgical suite so it could have inpatient surgeries, too.

For the museum, the planetarium upgrade marks the first of several improvements
eyed for its College and Buchanan avenues facility.

"It will be the first of many," said Marino, while declining to disclose
specifics at this time. "Stay tuned for a lot of great changes."

The planetarium project also marks the first major upgrade since the museum
dropped plans to build a new home at Queen and Chestnut streets.

That decision was made in February 2012, three years after the museum picked the
downtown location.

Marino thanked Gov. Tom Corbett, state Sen. Lloyd Smucker, Mayor Rick Gray and
others for making the grant possible.

"It's a wonderful saving grace for us and a marvelous holiday gift," said
Marino.

The new system will be an all-digital theater system named a sciDOME Touch. It
will include LED cove lighting and digital surround audio.

The museum has had a mechanical "starball" projector that shoots points of light
onto a domed ceiling since it opened in 1953.

The current starball was installed in the mid 1980s.

"It's been below par for a while. Our concrete dome does not make a clear
picture. Sound bounces around the dome, too," Marino said.

On top of that, the starball is expensive to maintain.

"The bulbs are over a thousand dollars each. We're just limping along, putting
in a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars," she said. "It has to stop."

Marino said audiences expect the kind of digital wizardry they see in
planetarium shows elsewhere.

And now they'll get it.

"We'll be able to guarantee a planetarium as good as you'll find anywhere," said
Marino.

Viewers will feel "immersed" in the experience, said Marino.

The new system will be made by Spitz Inc. of Chadds Ford, the same firm that
made the current starball projector.

To make way for the new system, the current concrete dome and walls will be
removed.

The new dome will be made of a perforated, aluminum-coated seamless skin. It
will be suspended from custom-made scaffolding.

"We can configure it any way we want," said Marino.

The new planetarium is scheduled to be operational before the end of 2014. The
seating capacity of the planetarium will remain 84.

Marino noted that the state award is a matching grant, meaning the museum has to
come up with another $750,000.

"We could really use people's help to make this a reality," she said. "The
faster people help, the faster it will happen."

With 26,000 square feet of public space, the North Museum draws 35,000 visitors
annually. It serves thousands more through various outreach efforts.

Marino was optimistic that the new planetarium could boost that attendance.
"Let's hope so," she said.

The two local recipients are among 58 statewide to share in $133.1 million, the
state said.

Some 213 businesses and nonprofits applied.

The Economic Growth Initiative is handled by the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

Corbett reformed the program last year so selections were more transparent and
objective.

Projects are selected based on job-creation potential, economic impact,
viability and construction readiness.

Rock Lititz is a partnership of Clair Global, Tait and Atomic Design, all
Lititz-based leaders in the live entertainment industry.

The partnership will use the campus, on Newport Road near Route 501, for onsite
building and testing of stage, sound, lights, video and special effects for live
events.

Plans for phase one were approved by Warwick Township supervisors last week.

A groundbreaking date has not been set, nor has a project cost been made public.

At Lancaster General, the health system will continue exploring ways to
accommodate the college's growth.

"We said for a number of years that the college anticipates needing to grow, to
meet its dramatic increase in enrollment," spokesman John Lines said.

Lines said Lancaster General has not decided where a larger facility would be
developed, or how big the new facility should be.

The college, with more than 1,000 students, is at Lemon and Lime streets.

Ephrata Community Hospital likewise was undeterred by the state decision,
spokesman Joanne Eshelman indicated.

The hospital, she said, "will continue to move ahead with plans for expansion of
operating room facilities and will pursue funding through other sources."

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: File Photo The North Museum Is Located At The Corner Of College And
Buchanan Avenues. Richard Hertzler

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 17, 2007 Sunday

UW-P begins first scholarship drive in Dubuque

SECTION: A; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 175 words


PLATTEVILLE, Wis. - The University of Wisconsin-Platteville Foundation is
beginning its first scholarship drive in Dubuque.

The foundation is asking Dubuque businesses to contribute scholarships for Iowa
or tri-state area students to attend UW-P. Another goal of the drive is to build
relationships between UW-P and the Dubuque community to facilitate internships
for UW-P students, employment for UW-P graduates and contracting/subcontracting
to Dubuque businesses for UW-P construction projects.

According to a recent analysis by NorthStar Economics Inc., the UW-P's regional
economic impact totals $196.7 million annually.

Since the university's Tri-State Initiative began in 2003, UW-P has been able to
recruit Iowa and Illinois students with in-state tuition plus a $2,000 premium
per semester, providing a local option well below the cost of a private college
tuition, school officials say.

For specific information related to pledging, contract Liz Goodfellow,
foundation director of development, at 608/342-1031, 563/663-3077 or
goodfellowe@uwplatt.u.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                                 June 22, 2016

AFRIFF, Ford Foundation Sponsor 15 Students to U.S. Film School

BYLINE: Solomon Nda-Isaiah

LENGTH: 619 words


In the second edition of its scholarship scheme, the Africa International Film
Festival (AFRIFF), in collaboration with Ford Foundation, is providing capacity
development for another season 15 film students to the popular Montana State
University, United States, for a summer course.

The beneficiaries were selected from the AFRIFF Talent Development Workshops
sponsored by Access Bank and Africa Magic at the 2015 edition of the festival
which held in Lagos. The initiative provides beginners and intermediate courses
for young people in their choice areas of filmmaking.

The scholarship scheme which is meant to advance the aspirations of these
burgeoning talents, is an intensive hands-on training camp on various aspects of
filmmaking with emphasis on documentary filmmaking.

Although 20 students qualified for the scholarship, 15 have been granted visas
by the American embassy so far. They include 13 Nigerians, one Ghanaian and one
Rwandan.

They are: Morakinyo Fapohunda from Lagos, Leke Oyeyinka from Ogun State; Kalu
Nnamdi Anaga from Enugu; Damian Ashinjo from Benue State; Richard Odilu from
Delta State; Tunray Femi from Delta State: Kelechi Nduka from Anambra; Dan
Ikpoyi from Delta State; Osei Owusu Banahene from Ghana; Adebusola Adeboyejo
from Ondo State; Kenechukwu Nwatu from Enugu; Alero Okorodus from Lagos State;
Joy Igbe from Benue State, Susan Akalazu from Imo State, and Vanessa Uwase from
Rwanda.

The trip is for Sunday, June 19, 2016.

Ford Foundation has often expressed how their organisation's vision and support
for creative talent fits into AFRIFF's capacity development for the Nigerian
film industry, hence the partnership.

Also in the partnership is Arik Air, Montana State University and Africa Magic.

Last year, the scheme had a total of 35 participants; 15 young film students,
selected by AFRIFF for the Ford Foundation scholarship, and 20 upcoming
filmmakers, who attended first-hand training at Relativity School, Los Angeles.

Mr. Paul Nwulu, Programmes Officer for Ford Foundation said his agency is
excited about the scheme, saying they already had proposals for 10 of the 15
guys who made the training last year. According to Nwulu, the choice of Montana
State University was strategy owing to the quality of training they offer.

For Founder/CEO of AFRIFF, Ms Chioma Ude, the scholarship is one in a series of
other talent development initiatives of the six-year-old festival.

According to her, the skill acquisition and youth development initiative was
designed to use filmmaking as an authentic vehicle for youth empowerment.

AFRIFF's vision, according to Ude, is to raise awareness about African cinema,
its vast potential and the tremendous socio-economic impact of creative
professionals on the African continent.

She noted that the first four years of the festival were strategically intended
to build the AFRIFF brand and gain the brand notoriety that will allow
partnership of global brands like Ford Foundation and Relativity Media.

AFRIFF has since its first edition in 2010, provided free training and talent
development opportunities for young people and aspiring filmmakers.

The festival has provided cutting edge education in Sound for Film,
Cinematography and Screen Writing for over 500 students, in partnership with
Sound & Motion Technical College and City Varsity, Cape Town, South Africa.
AFRIFF has also worked directly with students of the National Film Institute,
Jos; PEFTI Film Institute, Lagos; the Creative Arts Department at The University
of Port-Harcourt; Department of Media & Theatre Arts at The University of
Calabar and The Theatre Arts Department of The University of Uyo. The Desicon
Group was the 2014 sponsor of the AFRIFF Talent Development Workshops.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 24, 2016 Tuesday

World Health Organization Says Certain Crop Protection Tools Unlikely to Cause
Cancer

LENGTH: 1614  words

DATELINE: New York



 Oklahoma City: National Association of Wheat Growers has issued the following
news release:



 This week the World Health Organization and the Food and Agriculture
Organization of the United Nations concluded that Glyphosate, Diazinon and
Malathion are unlikely to pose a carcinogenic risk to humans from exposure
through diet. These determinations by the joint international panel on pesticide
residue refute the conclusions from the International Agency for Research and
Cancer that determined the three chemicals were probable human carcinogens. The
use of these products has been debated in the press, and diazinon, malathion and
chlorpyrifos are currently undergoing registration review at EPA.

The European Union is scheduled to vote on the continued use of glyphosate this
summer. Glyphosate is one of many important tools used by wheat growers. It has
been determined through independent grower surveys that approximately 30% of
wheat acres in the U.S. receive an application of glyphosate to help manage
weeds. These applications occur before planting, at planting or after planting
but before wheat emergence in no-till or reduced tillage cropping systems.
Glyphosate was first registered for use by the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency in 1974 and registration was com leted in 1993. Regulatory bodies and
scientific institutions have conducted science-based evaluations and concluded
that typical glyphosate usage does not pose an unreasonable health risk to
humans, when used according to label directions. For more than 20 years, the EPA
has determined, through risk assessments and science-based evaluations,
glyphosate is non-carcinogenic to humans. Glyphosate-based herbicides have had a
long history of safe use.



 Senate Appropriations Committee Advances FY 2017 Ag Appropriations

 On Thursday, the Senate Appropriations Committee unanimously approved the
Senate version of the FY 2017 Agriculture Appropriations bill. The bill includes
$21.25 billion in discretionary spending, including $2.54 billion for ag
research through the Agricultural Research Service (ARS) and the National
Institute of Food Agriculture (AFRI). Additionally, similar to the House
version, the Senate bill increases funding for the Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative (AFRI) com etitive grants program by $25 million up to $375 million.
NAWG applauds these increases, particularly since the legislation includes an
additional $2 million for the U.S. Wheat and Barley Scab Initiative. This
increase reflects the same level in the House Committee-passed version as well.



 The bill also includes an amendment from Senator John Hoeven (R-ND) that would
require USDA to establish a pilot program for the 2016 crop year that would
enable state Farm Service Agency (FSA) offices to make supplemental Agriculture
Risk Coverage (ARC) program payments in instances where there are significant
yield calculation differences in com arable counties. Where such instances
arise, within the pilot program, the applicable state FSA office would have an
ability to recalculate ARC-County yields for relevant counties based on several
specific requirements.



 The bill would also provide $1.5 million for USDA to place Foreign Agricultural
Service (FAS) employees in the new Cuban embassy. During the markup, the
Committee considered a number of amendments, including one that would require
the labeling of genetically engineered salmon as well as one to ban horse
slaughter. Following Committee passage, the legislation would now be slated for
floor action sometime in the com ng weeks. Video and documents, including a bill
summary, from the markup can be found at this link.



 Senate Agriculture Committee Reviews State of Farm Economy, Farm Credit System

 The Senate Agriculture Committee held a hearing Thursday to review the state of
the farm economy and to examine the role of the Farm Credit System in financing
agricultural operations. The Committee heard from all three board members of the
Farm Credit Administration, which is an independent agency charged with
regulating the Farm Credit System. A second panel included testimony from
witnesses representing traditional financial institutions, the Farm Credit
System, and a producer.



 During the hearing, participants discussed the current economic conditions
facing rural America, including the declining com odity prices and the ripple
effect that has had throughout agriculture and rural com unities.  They also
discussed the dynamics of the current economic conditions as com ared to the
farm economy of the 1980s.  Video from the hearing and testimony from the
witnesses can be found at this link.



 ITC Releases Report on Economic Impact of TPP

 On Wednesday, the International Trade Commission (ITC) released its highly
anticipated report on the economic impacts expected to accrue from the adoption
of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). For the entire agriculture and food
sector, the report forecasts a $7.2 billion increase in exports or a growth of
about 2.6 percent by 2032 com ared to the same timeframe without TPP.



 The report recognized that the U.S. wheat industry would see substantial gains
in market access and subsequent exports to Vietnam where the United States
currently com etes at a tariff disadvantage to Australian suppliers.
Specifically, the ITC notes that U.S. wheat and other grain exports to Vietnam
would increase by a healthy 25.3 percent by 2032 under TPP. However, ITC also
concludes that U.S. wheat exports to Japan would decline by 17 percent under
TPP. There are two distinct markets for wheat in Japan: one for high quality
food grade wheat and one for lower quality, lower priced livestock feed wheat.
Japan has consistently imported about 60 percent of its annual milling wheat
needs from the United States, with Canada and Australia making up the balance.
Because access to Japan's milling wheat market would remain equal among the
three suppliers under TPP and because Japan requires different types of wheat
for distinct uses, we see no reason why U.S. sales would decline.



 "The assumptions made in the ITC report are disappointing and misleading," said
NAWG President Gordon Stoner.  "U.S. wheat farmers stand to benefit from a lower
MAFF markup and new market access in Japan and from being able to com ete on a
level playing field in Vietnam.  Congress should act quickly to enable farmers
to take full advantage of the potential economic opportunities at stake under
TPP."



 The full joint statement from NAWG and U.S. Wheat Associates can be found here.




 NAS Releases Report on GE Crops Effect on Human Health and Environment

 The National Academy of Sciences (NAS) Board on Agriculture and Natural
Resources has released a long-awaited report regarding their extensive study on
the benefits, possible consequences, and prospects of genetically engineered
crops. The report, which was released before a widely-broadcast event, states
that while long-term effects of genetically engineered crops are difficult to
analyze, there is no substantial evidence of a difference in risks to human
health or environment between currently com ercialized genetically engineered
(GE) crops and conventionally bred crops. Specifically, the report considered
insight, com ents, and research from nearly 1,000 sources to develop its
conclusion regarding GE crops' role in contributing to future crop improvement
and enhanced resistance to diseases, herbicides, and insecticides. The report
analyzed insect populations in areas where GE crops were widely used, as well as
weed resistance of GE crops engineered to be resistant to herbicides such as
glyphosate. Their findings revealed that insect populations generally decreased
in areas with GE crops, while weed resistance to herbicides was slow. The report
also dives into the regulatory process and recom ends that GE and non-GE crops
be reviewed and determined if regulations are needed on traits. The study
suggests that regulation should apply to the novel characteristics of the plant
variety rather than the process. As APHIS continues to review Part 340 and a
potential update to the regulatory process, NAWG has conditionally supported the
"analyze first, regulate second" approach that APHIS offered as a potential
option, noting that a phase-in approach needs to build upon existing systems and
not start from scratch. NAWG is generally in agreement with the NAS report and
emphasizes that GE crops are a sound science whose application to crop
development is crucial for the sustainability of global crops.



 Seed Treatment Lawsuit Moves Forward

 Earlier this year, NAWG joined a coalition of agriculture groups, agricultural
retailers and Crop Life America in requesting to intervene in a lawsuit brought
against the EPA by environmental activists and others. The lawsuit is Anderson
v. EPA, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
on Jan. 6, 2016. The plaintiffs want the court to order the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) to regulate seeds treated with pesticides as if the
seeds were the pesticides. In an Order dated May 13, the court rejected EPA's
motion to dismiss the case, but also issued an Order that granted the Motion to
Intervene. NAWG will be working with the agriculture coalition on next steps for
the lawsuit to defend EPA's current regulation of neonicotinoid and other seed
treatment pesticides and to ensure that the court and EPA understand the vital
importance of treated seeds to American agriculture.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                            July 13, 2011 Wednesday

BISP to impart technical training : Farzana

BYLINE:  F.P. Report

SECTION: Vol. II No. 572

LENGTH: 333  words


Chairperson Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP), Ms. Farzana Raja has termed
China as all weather friend of Pakistan and said that the friendship between
both countries has passed all tests of the time. There is a need to further
enhance cooperation in social sector between both neighbouring countries. She
said this while talking to a delegation of China Foundation for Peace and
Development (CFPD) lead by its Secretary General Mr. Xu Zhensui here in BISP
Secretariat Islamabad on Tuesday.

Ms. Farzana Raja apprised members of the delegation about various initiatives
launched by BISP which have created positive economic impact in the lives of 4
million beneficiary families. By providing monthly cash grants, interest free
micro finance, demand driven vocational & technical training alongwith life
insurance facility at such magnitude, BISP has become the largest social sector
programme in South Asia.

Chairperson BISP told CFPD delegation about Conditional Cash Transfer for
Education Programme which is being launched in the near future. She also said
that BISP is targeting to provide demand driven vocational and technical
training to 150,000 beneficiaries under Waseela-e-Rozgar component in one year.
Chinese Delegation while appreciating the performance of BISP, showed keen
interest in Conditional Cash Transfer for Education and vocational & technical
training programme of BISP.

Secretary General CFPD, Mr. Xu Zhensui said that the NGO would explore the
possibilities for cooperation with BISP in the fields of health, education and
technical training. The Chinese delegation was of the view that the data
collected by virtue of the nationwide poverty survey conducted by BISP will
ideally help the NGO to work on various social sector projects in Pakistan.
During the meeting, the avenues of mutual cooperation were explored whereas
Chinese delegation invited Chairperson BISP to visit China so that both
countries can learn from each other's experiences in the social sector.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                           December 26, 2015 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Music Man; Thom Bennett hopes to strengthen the local music scene, writes Sandra
Sperounes

SECTION: YOU; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 997 words


This week we introduce readers to some Edmontonians who are making a difference
in our community. Saturday, Dec. 19: Sarah Cashmore, Marianne Watchel Monday:
Nakita Valerio Tuesday: Cara Taylor Wednesday: Teresa Spinelli, The Dart sisters
Thursday: Guy Lavallee Today: Thom Bennett

Live music venues come and go in Edmonton.

Just as another one seems to put down roots, BAM! it gets axed; usually because
a) it's getting kicked out of its space or b) it's no longer financially viable.

For years, we seemed OK with these losses. We'd cry at the news of another
closure - "Oh no! I saw ______ there! My past is being obliterated!" - but
ultimately, we'd just end up shrugging our shoulders as the Sidetrack Cafe,
Seedy's, kHz, Elevation Room, New City, and yes, even Red's/Edmonton Event
Centre disappeared from our lives.

In 2015, however, our vanishing venues finally got top billing. We lost five
more rooms - the Roxy, The ARTery, The Pawn Shop, Wunderbar, and SPACE. Two
filmmakers unveiled their documentary, Dead Venues, about some of Edmonton's
former hallowed halls. And one ambitious musician, Thom Bennett, decided to put
an end to the phenomenon, or at the very least, slow it down.

He's the chief gardener behind ELM, or the Edmonton Live Music Initiative, a
partnership between the City of Edmonton, Edmonton Arts Council and Alberta
Music.

Bennett wants to grow a vibrant and stable music scene by making it easier for
venues to operate, and therefore, nurture the city's performers. He proposes to
do so with a series of financial incentives and zoning/licensing changes -
perhaps even creating a live music district on par with the world-famous Sixth
Street in Austin, Texas.

"Frankly, it took me a long time to realize that, in the arts industry, you need
to be your own boss," he says. "You have to have the chutzpah or the fire to
make something happen instead of waiting around for it to happen. I think I
spent a large part of my career waiting and complaining instead of doing
something about it. So I just decided to do something about it."

Bennett, 37, was also a bit of a late bloomer as a musician. He was 17 when he
got his first drum kit, then enrolled in MacEwan's music program after a
two-year stint in the University of Alberta's environmental sciences program.

Nowadays, he plays with one of Edmonton's most successful jazz acts, AB/Trio,
and performs/records with dozens of musicians - from soul-pop vocalist Ann
Vriend to Kubasonics, an Ukrainian folk band.

Bennett pitched the ELM Initiative to Coun. Scott McKeen in January, weeks
before the City of Edmonton bought The ARTery's dilapidated building and forced
the venue to leave due to structural issues. The city plans to tear down the
building and use the site as storage during construction of the Valley Line LRT.
"Thom's an astute guy with a comprehensive view of live music and the issues
around it," says McKeen. "So he didn't just shill for musicians, or venues, but
talked about the state of affairs and how government could be a force for good.
Instantly, we started brainstorming ideas and he ran with them."

In October, ELM held its first brainstorming session with more than 40 venue
owners, gig promoters, musicians, journalists, publicists, festival directors,
politicians and city bureaucrats. They talked about a range of issues, from
permits to marketing to audience behaviour. Do people even care about live music
anymore?

Bennett also introduced two of his main ideas - extending alcohol sales and
offering grants for venues. As part of a pilot project, three venues will
receive grants to cover half of their musicians' fees for six months. For every
$1 invested in the arts, there's a return of $12, according to some economic
impact studies.

"If musicians are getting paid less, they don't have as much time to work on
their craft, and then the quality goes down and people don't want to come out
and then musicians get paid even less," says Bennett. "It's a downward spiral.
You need to invest more money to get more quality."

As fruitful as the session was, Bennett still has to iron out some of the
adversarial relationships within Edmonton's music scene. Artists don't always
think venues have their best interests at heart. Some venue owners don't think
it's fair for their competitors to get grants. And some owners, present and
potential, think the city itself is hindering progress. The Aviary, most
recently, was denied a development permit because it didn't have any parking
stalls.

Bennett is now planning to work with the city to devise a business licence for
live music venues, which might also end up solving some of the current zoning
issues.

At the moment, there is no category exclusively for live music venues.

The Mercury Room, for example, is classified as a restaurant. Other available
licences include spectator entertainment establishment, after-hours dance club,
and premises offering alcohol sales.

ELM is also making headway on changing Alberta liquor regulations to benefit
venues. Earlier this month, the legislature passed a motion to allow MLA David
Shepherd to explore some possibilities, including extending alcohol sales by an
hour to 3 a.m., or giving venues a price reduction on their booze.

Licensing, grants and zoning are definitely not part of the glamorous side of
music, but Bennett knows those subjects are essential - to musicians and
Edmonton as a whole.

"I didn't get into music for the money. I love what I do and I want to keep
doing what I love every day. But at the same time, there's a huge economic
benefit to having a healthy music scene - it attracts people here, it keeps
people here, both artists and people who want to live in a vibrant community.
That's why Austin has such a big tech community. It's a young population that
works in tech and they want to go out and they want to do stuff. I think
(Edmonton) is starting to wake up in that respect."

ssperounes@postmedia.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Thom Bennett, a drummer, producer and founder of the Edmonton Live
Music Initiative.; Edmonton Journal, Files;  The ARTery closed in March 2015.;
John Lucas, Edmonton Journal;  The New Wunderbar Hofbrauhaus closed in October
2015.; John Lucas, Edmonton Journal;  The Roxy Theatre, a music and theatre
venue, burned down in January 2015.; Southam, Edmonton Journal;  The Pawn Shop
closed in June 2015. GREG;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Edmonton Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                       April 10, 2012 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Tampa Bay News Briefs

LENGTH: 1170  words


New Delhi, April 10 -- News briefs concerning economic and business growth in
the Tampa Bay region from the Tampa Bay Partnership:

Health Management Associates Expands, Adds 217 Jobs in Tampa Bay

Health Management Associates Inc. (HMA), parent corporation of Venice Regional
Medical Center and the largest hospital system based in Florida, plans to expand
its regional central business office in Sarasota County, a move expected to
preserve 148 and add 217 local jobs over two years. The company's network of
physician practices, Gulf Coast Medical Group, has 320 employees at 12 locations
throughout Sarasota County. The new 28,500 square-foot office in Sarasota will
serve HMA's operations in Florida and elsewhere with back office functions such
as billing, collections and other shared services. (Contact: Alan Levine,
239-598-3131, Alan.Levine@hma.com)

Dental Products Manufacturer to Expand in Tampa Bay, Retain and Add Jobs

Dental products manufacturer DENTSPLY Raintree Essix Glenroe is consolidating
operations from three facilities into one location in Manatee County, preserving
150 and adding 48 local jobs in 2012. The company's operations in Manatee County
will encompass more than 20 injection molding machines, high-speed cutting
systems and resin extruders, as well as sales, marketing and support functions.
The new facility will house more than 200 associates to serve orthodontic and
dental customers in 38 countries worldwide, with room to grow. (Contact: Sharon
Hillstrom, 941-748-4842, ext. 126, info@ManateeEDC.com)

ConMed Linvatec Expands in Tampa Bay with Center for Orthopaedic Education

On March 30, 2012 ConMed Linvatec celebrated the grand opening of its new Center
for Orthopaedic Education in Pinellas County, Florida. The 16,000-square-foot
training facility will provide advanced surgeon education, surgical skills
training and professional development on the company's existing medical device
development and manufacturing operations. The expansion is expected to have an
economic impact of nearly $2.8 million. (Contact: Stacey Swank, 727-464-7425,
sswank@pinellascounty.org)

Great Bay Distributors Buys 96-Acres in Tampa Bay

In March 2012, Great Bay Distributors, one of the largest distributors of
Anheuser-Busch products in Florida, closed on a $9.75 million real estate deal,
purchasing 96-acres in Gateway St. Petersburg. The land assembled parcel borders
Interstate 275 with neighboring business entities including Valpak, Halkey
Roberts, and the future headquarters site of Jabil Circuit. Great Bay
Distributors intends to build a new warehouse and distribution facility,
relocating a former facility in Pinellas County with a workforce of 300
employees. (Contact: Ron Petrini, 727-584-8626)

USF and Florida Hospital Form Alliance

Florida Hospital and University of South Florida Health have formed a strategic
alliance, combining Adventist Health System's innovative approach to
patient-centered care with the USF's leading research to deliver cutting-edge
medical therapies in hospital and outpatient settings. Through this unique
public/private partnership, Florida Hospital is making an investment of
approximately $14 million in four key specialty areas to bring enhanced patient
care, state-of-the-art technology and expanded services to Tampa Bay. (Contact:
Anne Baier, 813-974-3300)

Tampa Named One of the "Best American Cities for Business"

Tampa has been named one of the "Best American Cities for Business," according
to a recent report by consulting firm KPMG. Of the 27 cities studied, Tampa
offers the lowest labor costs and the best rating for professional and support
services, as well as highly competitive leasing prices. Under the direction of
Mayor Bob Buckhorn, the city has also developed a series of new initiatives to
increase the economic advantages and ease of doing business in Tampa, including
the launch of a Development Service Center, which creates a consolidated,
"one-stop shop" for permitting and regulatory review. (Contact: Jennifer
Mikosky, 813-218-3310, jmikosky@tampaedc.com)

Tampa Bay's Dais Analytic Listed in Forbes Top 12 Energy Projects to Watch

Forbes magazine named Pasco County-based Dais Analytic Corporation as one of the
12 "Energy Projects to Watch" in 2012. Selected by the U.S. Department of
Defense, Dais Analytic was ranked number two on the list of the most promising
clean-energy projects. Last year, the Pasco County Board of County Commissioners
approved a $254,000 grant for Dais Analytic to aid the company in developing a
new generation of energy efficient, environmentally friendly heating, cooling
and refrigeration products called "NanoAir." The county grant will enable the
company to hire additional employees. In addition, Pasco Economic Development
Council (EDC) has provided help with training, job placement, consulting
services, local government support and investor opportunities. (Contact: Summer
Martin, 813-926-0827, smartin@pascoedc.com)

Port of Tampa Selected as 'Import Gateway' for New Honda CR-Vs

On April 3, 2012, the Port of Tampa, one of the largest and most diversified
seaports in the U.S., welcomed the first of what will become monthly shipments
of Honda CR-Vs. American Honda Motor Co., Inc. selected the Port of Tampa as the
import gateway for new model CR-Vs, built in Guadalajara, Mexico, that are
ultimately destined to Haiti, Dominican Republic, St. Maarten and the Bahamas.
The shipment of CR-Vs arrived on board a NYK vessel, one of the world's leading
shipping lines which operates regularly scheduled RoRo (roll on/roll off)
shipping service at the Port. Their specialized RoRo vessels are designed to
accommodate rolling stock such as a wide variety of vehicles and heavy
construction equipment. With ample facilities and its geographic location, the
Port of Tampa is perfectly suited for vehicle movements, as well as the full
spectrum of large and specialty cargoes. (Contact: Andy Fobes, 813-905-5132,
afobes@tampaport.com)

Tampa Bay Business and University Leaders Collaborate to Elevate Workforce

Business and higher education leaders from across Tampa Bay have come together
to launch Graduate Tampa Bay, a campaign developed to elevate the region's
workforce and increase Tampa Bay's global competitiveness and business
productivity by achieving a one percent increase in college completion
throughout the region. The announcement was made in collaboration by the
Presidents of Hillsborough Community College, University of South Florida, St.
Petersburg College, Saint Leo University, Pasco-Hernando Community College, Polk
State College, DeVry University, SunTrust Bank and TECO Energy. Led by the Tampa
Bay Partnership's ONE BAY: Lifelong Learning initiative, Graduate Tampa Bay
encompasses all three major Tampa Bay metropolitan statistical areas (Tampa-St.
Petersburg-Clearwater; Bradenton-Sarasota-Venice; and Lakeland-Winter Haven).
Research shows that Tampa Bay economy would see a $3.06 billion economic impact
with a one percent increase in college attainment.

copyright contify.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Waseela-e-Taleem - A revolutionary step

BYLINE:  Aliyan Malik

SECTION: Vol. II No. 720

LENGTH: 1031  words


A social safety net programme with the name of Benazir Income Support Programme
(BISP) was established in 2008 to tackle the catastrophic impacts of inflation
and price hike on the poor, caused by recession in the world markets and highly
increased food and fuel prices. The Programme was launched initially for
providing a fixed monthly cash grant to millions of poor families. This monthly
cash assistance was provided to the families who were most vulnerable to abject
poverty; thus, this grant was a subsistence allowance to make their survival
possible by adding between 20-50 % or more to their income.

The cash grants worth billions that have been provided to millions of
beneficiary families in the last three years have helped in bringing a positive
economic impact in their lives. It must be noted that this sort of cash grant is
termed as "Unconditional Cash Transfer". It means that the amount which is
disbursed to a beneficiary is not subjected to any condition for its spending.
The beneficiary has the right to spend the cash as per his/her requirements.
There is another emerging concept of "Conditional Cash Transfer" which has been
successfully launched in various South American and Asian countries.

The concept narrates that the amount which is disbursed as grant to the
beneficiaries is subjected to fulfilment of some pre-conditions. The grant is
continued in case of compliance of that condition or it is discontinued in case
of non-compliance. Even in some cases, penalties are imposed if the terms laid
for the grant are not met. Critics were of the view that Benazir Income Support
Programme (BISP)'s work may not be fruitful in case some long-term measures like
provision of livelihood opportunities and education is not ensured.

Through its graduation strategies, BISP launched demand driven
vocational/technical training programmes along with provision of micro financing
to ensure livelihood independence for millions of beneficiary families. For
provision of health facilities, BISP is all set to launch Health Insurance
Programme whereas it has already provided Life Insurance facility to millions of
its beneficiary families till date. For promotion of education, BISP is in the
process of introducing Waseela-e-Taleem. BISP had launched a nationwide Poverty
Scorecard Survey in late 2010 which is about to be completed.

Along with the identification of beneficiaries, it has helped collect ideal data
representing the socio-economic situation of almost 27 million households across
Pakistan. This documented data can be used for various poverty reduction
projects in Pakistan by the organisations world over. Careful evaluation of the
data collected through BISP's Nationwide Poverty Survey regarding education has
revealed that only 13% of BISP beneficiaries send all of their children to
school, 50% of them send some of their children to school whereas 37% do not
send even a single child to school. Thus it was learnt that primary education of
beneficiaries' children is one of the major issues of the poor class in
Pakistan.

A major indicator of the progress and development of any nation is its literacy
rate and education. John. F. Kennedy said that "our progress as a nation can be
no swifter than our progress in education. The human mind is our fundamental
resource. " The above mentioned facts are quite stunning and horrifying at the
same time. If a major portion of our coming generation that has to hold the
reins of the country is falling into the deep hole of ignorance and illiteracy,
how are we going to expect that our nation will flourish in the years to come?
How can we claim that we will become a great nation when a large segment of our
children is not going to schools? But, it is also true that there are certain
inherent problems which need to be considered.

There is a vicious circle of poverty that has trapped millions of families in
Pakistan. This immense poor class is unable to bear the expenses of education of
their children. Also, most of these children are victims of child labour and
instead of going to school they are forced to work to earn for their families.
Thus, economic compulsion is the major reason behind millions of non-school
going children.

Coming back to the Waseela-e-Taleem programme being introduced by Benazir Income
Support Programme, it is a welcome step for multiple reasons. Also, there are
certain reasons how BISP can prove to be an ideal platform for providing
education throughout the country. One, over the years, BISP has developed its
reach out to millions of families, including those whose children are not going
to school and secondly, through nationwide poverty scorecard survey, it has
compiled qualitative data to evaluate the problem and present a solution for it.
Third, as BISP has been playing significant role in helping millions of poor
families, it can put some sort of compulsion and condition for the cash transfer
for education of the children of such families. Through Waseela-e-Taleem
initiative, BISP is urging its beneficiary families to send their children to
school so that they can become literate and become economically self-sufficient
in future. Through this plan, maximum three children of each of the beneficiary
families are to be sent to school and they will be provided with a benefit in
cash amount.

In case they do not send their children to school, they will not get this
additional money and even it is proposed that some sort of deduction could be
made in the regular monthly cash transfer of Rs. 1,000 that is already being
provided. It should be noted that the education in primary schools (Government
and Registered schools) in Pakistan is free so this money will be giving them a
good incentive for sending their children to school.

The programme is a huge endeavour and it should be kept in mind that the
capacity building regarding teachers and infrastructure of schools in all the
areas of Pakistan is vital to make it successful. If implemented as being
planned, this initiative can bring an educational revolution in Pakistan. It
will have a trickle down impact on the socio-economic future of the state once
we have an educated generation.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Lime Energy Awarded U.S. Department of Energy Grant to Complete Energy
Efficiency Projects in Three Cities

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: New York



 Terrebonne: Electric Energy Quebec has issued the following release news:





  Lime Energy Co. has been awarded a funding agreement by the Department of
Energy's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy to design and deliver
"Achieving Energy Efficiency in Small Businesses in Low-Income Areas," an energy
efficiency program for low-income communities. As part of this collaboration,
the DOE will invest $1.35 million to help Lime Energy engage 10,000 small
businesses and complete 2,500 small business efficiency retrofit projects in
low-income areas in Atlanta, Orlando, and Houston. "Lime Energy has been a
leader in delivering clean energy solutions to small businesses across America,
and we are excited to partner with the U.S. Department of Energy on this
initiative," said Adam Procell, Lime Energy's President and CEO. "We believe
that our unique approach and our innovative metering technology will help drive
all the benefits of energy efficiency deeper and more cost-effectively into the
heart of the communities that need it the most."





 Lime Energy will partner with the Institute for Market Transformation, a
leading national building energy performance policy and outreach organization
based in Washington DC. Lime Energy will also partner with the Houston Advanced
Research Center in Texas, and with a wide variety of regional and local energy
alliances, business associations, and grassroots community organizations to
launch an intensive outreach program to penetrate these low-income areas. This
project team will also engage local governments to coordinate efforts on the
ground. These partnerships will result in a scalable, community based strategy
that will serve groups of buildings and consumers infrequently reached in
disadvantaged neighborhoods. Participating small businesses will receive Lime
Energy's proven turn-key energy efficiency services including a full energy
assessment, presentation of an immediate on-site proposal, and the installation
of new energy efficiency equipment. In addition to this baseline service, the
DOE grant will allow Lime Energy to offer a performance-based contract that
minimizes risk for small businesses by measuring and verifying their energy
savings using advanced metering technology and a user friendly mobile app.



 "Buildings in low-income communities face multiple technical and financial
challenges to deploying energy efficiency solutions," said Dr. Jason Hartke,
Manager, Commercial Buildings Integration Program, U.S. Department of Energy.
"We are pleased to support Lime Energy in its efforts to address these barriers,
particularly those obstacles faced by small businesses, through the development
and implementation of scalable energy efficiency options in communities that can
benefit greatly from these energy saving measures."



 With these investments from Lime Energy and the DOE, dozens of local jobs will
be directly created in Florida, Georgia, and Texas. In addition to these direct
jobs, the estimated $30 million in energy savings realized by the targeted small
businesses will function as reinvestment in these communities, resulting in
numerous indirect jobs and economic activity. In addition to the economic
impact, these projects are expected to eliminate approximately 17,000 metric
tons of greenhouse gases over a three-year period, creating a cleaner and safer
environment for local residents. This revolutionary project will bring
innumerable benefits to these low income communities, making them more
efficient, more prosperous, and better places to live and work.



 "Lime Energy and our partners truly appreciate the opportunity to pursue this
collaborative initiative with DOE," said Lloyd Kass, Lime Energy's Vice
President of Green Communities and lead developer of the project. "We look
forward to learning a great deal during the project, about improving approaches
to small business energy efficiency, and to being able to share these lessons
with the industry as a whole - in order to more deeply penetrate small
commercial facilities across the country with energy efficiency solutions."

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Lime Energy Awarded U.S. Department of Energy Grant to Complete Energy
Efficiency Projects in Three Cities

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: New York



 Terrebonne: Electric Energy Quebec has issued the following release news:





  Lime Energy Co. has been awarded a funding agreement by the Department of
Energy's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy to design and deliver
"Achieving Energy Efficiency in Small Businesses in Low-Income Areas," an energy
efficiency program for low-income communities. As part of this collaboration,
the DOE will invest $1.35 million to help Lime Energy engage 10,000 small
businesses and complete 2,500 small business efficiency retrofit projects in
low-income areas in Atlanta, Orlando, and Houston. "Lime Energy has been a
leader in delivering clean energy solutions to small businesses across America,
and we are excited to partner with the U.S. Department of Energy on this
initiative," said Adam Procell, Lime Energy's President and CEO. "We believe
that our unique approach and our innovative metering technology will help drive
all the benefits of energy efficiency deeper and more cost-effectively into the
heart of the communities that need it the most."





 Lime Energy will partner with the Institute for Market Transformation, a
leading national building energy performance policy and outreach organization
based in Washington DC. Lime Energy will also partner with the Houston Advanced
Research Center in Texas, and with a wide variety of regional and local energy
alliances, business associations, and grassroots community organizations to
launch an intensive outreach program to penetrate these low-income areas. This
project team will also engage local governments to coordinate efforts on the
ground. These partnerships will result in a scalable, community based strategy
that will serve groups of buildings and consumers infrequently reached in
disadvantaged neighborhoods. Participating small businesses will receive Lime
Energy's proven turn-key energy efficiency services including a full energy
assessment, presentation of an immediate on-site proposal, and the installation
of new energy efficiency equipment. In addition to this baseline service, the
DOE grant will allow Lime Energy to offer a performance-based contract that
minimizes risk for small businesses by measuring and verifying their energy
savings using advanced metering technology and a user friendly mobile app.



 "Buildings in low-income communities face multiple technical and financial
challenges to deploying energy efficiency solutions," said Dr. Jason Hartke,
Manager, Commercial Buildings Integration Program, U.S. Department of Energy.
"We are pleased to support Lime Energy in its efforts to address these barriers,
particularly those obstacles faced by small businesses, through the development
and implementation of scalable energy efficiency options in communities that can
benefit greatly from these energy saving measures."



 With these investments from Lime Energy and the DOE, dozens of local jobs will
be directly created in Florida, Georgia, and Texas. In addition to these direct
jobs, the estimated $30 million in energy savings realized by the targeted small
businesses will function as reinvestment in these communities, resulting in
numerous indirect jobs and economic activity. In addition to the economic
impact, these projects are expected to eliminate approximately 17,000 metric
tons of greenhouse gases over a three-year period, creating a cleaner and safer
environment for local residents. This revolutionary project will bring
innumerable benefits to these low income communities, making them more
efficient, more prosperous, and better places to live and work.



 "Lime Energy and our partners truly appreciate the opportunity to pursue this
collaborative initiative with DOE," said Lloyd Kass, Lime Energy's Vice
President of Green Communities and lead developer of the project. "We look
forward to learning a great deal during the project, about improving approaches
to small business energy efficiency, and to being able to share these lessons
with the industry as a whole - in order to more deeply penetrate small
commercial facilities across the country with energy efficiency solutions."

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Penn State Schuylkill receives grant for STEM studies

BYLINE: Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 773 words


Feb. 17--Penn State Schuylkill has received $1.5 million from the John E. Morgan
Foundation for initiatives in the science, technology, engineering and math
fields and financial assistance to students pursing degrees in related majors.
The campus announced the donation Monday with a press release.

The match is a donation that will be fully realized once the campus raises an
equal amount of funds by 2020, according to the release.

"Our campus community is very appreciative of the Morgan Foundation's generosity
and long-standing commitment to Penn State Schuylkill," Kelly M. Austin, Penn
State Schuylkill chancellor, said in the prepared statement. "The Foundation's
enduring contributions will have a significant impact on future generations of
students by funding world-class facilities and supporting talented students with
financial need. This gift will ultimately strengthen our local community by
advancing the education of tomorrow's leaders."

A million dollars of the match has been designated for renovations of the campus
science center facilities, including the radiology technology, physics, and
chemistry labs. The upgrades will enhance the classroom experience by making a
wider variety of technologies available and enabling innovations in educational
delivery methods.

"These upgrades will significantly enhance our instruction in radiologic
science, providing our students and graduates with access to state-of-the-art
radiographic equipment in the field of diagnostic radiology," David Rill,
program coordinator and instructor in radiological sciences, said in the
prepared statement.

Roy Heim, president of Heim Construction Co., Inc., is involved in the campus's
fundraising efforts as a member of the Schuylkill Campus Advisory Board. He has
encouraged local alumni, friends and businesses to contribute to the matching
fund in order to meet the grant challenge.

"If asked what organization would be most beneficial to the enrichment of my
community, I would have to say a local university would be on the top of my
list," Heim said in the prepared statement. "Penn State Schuylkill is delivering
a well-rounded, superior educational experience for local young adults. It
provides hundreds of jobs, and it has a significant, positive economic impact on
the local and surrounding communities. This historic contribution from the
Morgan Foundation, combined with the matched funds that we hope to raise from
our alumni and community business partners, will improve programs and
facilities; help us to retain local, qualified graduates; and enable our campus
to continue to build a strong community."

The other $500,000 in matching funds will go towards creating a $1 million
endowment to fund scholarships for students who have a demonstrated financial
need and wish to pursue STEM-related majors. The campus has already raised funds
for this portion of the match with commitments from five donors.

Thomas Wylonis, Penn State alumnus and former resident of Frackville, is one of
the donors.

"I can think of no better way to support young men and women in Schuylkill
County, who have high academic capability, leadership potential, and an interest
in STEM, but who lack the financial resources to attend Penn State, than to join
with the John E. Morgan Foundation in establishing an endowed scholarship fund,"
Wylonis said in a prepared statement. "My contribution of $200,000 to the
endowment, matched by the John E. Morgan Foundation, will cover about half of
the total cost for two students to attend Penn State every year into the future.
Thank you, John E. Morgan Foundation, and congratulations to the future
scholarship winners."

John E. Morgan, who died in 2001 at age 89, earned prominence in the textile
industry with his late-1950s invention of the waffle stitch, used in the
manufacture of long underwear and blankets. He sold the J.E. Morgan Knitting
Mills in 1984 and retired to a second career as a philanthropist, with Penn
State Schuylkill, Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center and Penn State
Intercollegiate Athletics among the beneficiaries. At the Schuylkill campus, his
philanthropy in the 1980s made possible the construction of the John E. Morgan
Auditorium. In 2012, the Foundation contributed $250,000 to support upgrades to
the auditorium to enhance the campus and community facility. In 2006, the
foundation created what at the time was the largest endowed scholarship in the
campus' history, a $1 million Trustee Scholarship.

___ (c)2016 the Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) Visit the Republican &
Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) at republicanherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160217-RN-Penn-State-Schuylkill-receives-grant
-for-STEM-studies-0217-20160217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2016 Republican & Herald


                              594 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 16, 2013 Friday

South Carolina: A New Science Classroom Ready for Experiments

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: Columbia


Department of Agriculture, The State of South Carolina has issued the following
news release:

The Lake Holcombe High School in Holcombe, Wisconsin recently upgraded its
science classroom as a result of a USDA Rural Development Community Facilities
Economic Impact Initiative Grant.  Holcombe is a small rural community in the
northwest area of the state.  The science classroom was outdated, making it
difficult for the teachers to keep pace with new curriculum requirements and for
students to conduct the necessary science experiments for that curriculum.

The newly redesigned science classroom is now compliant with the provisions of
the Americans with Disabilities Act, and is similar to other high school science
classrooms in the state.  A tank was also installed, along with new plumbing, to
provide treatment for the chemical waste generated from science-related class
work.  Now, the science curriculum can be expanded to offer experiences and
experiments to the students that are equivalent with other science courses
offered to their peers in the state.  In addition, new flooring, counters tops,
bench fuel valves, sinks, and cabinets were installed, bringing the classroom
into the 21st century.  The 2013-2014 school year will be the first full year
that the students will have access to the improvements.

For further information please http://blogs.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett: Public Private Partnership Will Commence Major
Brownfields Redevelopment at the Pittsburgh International Airport

LENGTH: 828  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. All Rights Reserved. has issued the following news
release:a

Governor Tom Corbett today announced that a public private partnership involving
several state agencies will transform a brownfields site into a world class
center for international trade including office space, research and development
capacity and a 400 room hotel with convention space. The transformational
project is projected to generate $250 million in private investment and lead to
the creation of 7,000 direct and indirect jobs, and more than 1,200 construction
jobs.

"Pennsylvania's industries of the past have created opportunities for state and
local leaders to work together to transform oft-neglected land into useable,
productive centers of business, recreation and commerce," said Gov. Corbett.
"The Pittsburgh World Trade Center will be a beacon for travelers, businesses
and workers alike and will serve as an economic engine for the region,
generating new tax revenues and creating thousands of new jobs."

The commonwealth and Allegheny County are partnering with the Pittsburgh
International Airport on the project to create the new Pittsburgh International
Airport World Trade Center. The redevelopment will provide sites for over one
million square feet of Class A office space, 90,000 square feet for research and
development and a 400-room hotel with convention space. In addition, there is
space for up to six corporate hangars which will allow a corporate user to
locate its headquarters building and its corporate hangar in the same business
park.

"The success of the Airport area's development is exceptional. We want this
growth to continue which is why it is so important that we continue to develop
'shovel ready' sites," said Allegheny County Executive Rich Fitzgerald.  "As
this region continues to grow, providing a place for businesses that are
integrally linked to the airport is a priority, while we also continue to build
on our reputation as an international community."

A $5 million Economic Growth Initiative grant was awarded to the Redevelopment
Authority of Allegheny County and the Pittsburgh International Airport for site
remediation and the construction of a mixed-used commercial, retail and
international trade center to be located on the grounds of the airport. As part
of the project, the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation has committed up
to $1 million in funds to repair and improve state roads providing access to the
site.

Additionally, the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection awarded a
$1 million federal Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act grant for
environmental remediation including shoring up former mine walls and removing
acid mine drainage at the site.

"The Airport Authority is grateful for the cooperation and support of the
Governor and the County Executive, as well as the state and local leaders who
helped to make this funding for the World Trade Center possible. Pittsburgh
International Airport's role as an economic generator is two-fold: Providing
high quality, competitive air service in and out of southwestern PA and
developing key properties to attract new industry and jobs. This funding allows
us to move the World Trade Center project forward so we can continue to build on
that role," said Chairman David Minnotte, Allegheny County Airport Authority.

The 195 acre site located near the entrance to the Pittsburgh International
Airport is a former coal mine and area used to dump municipal waste. Once the
development is complete, the coal mines will be removed, the mine spoil will be
appropriately handled, a new road will be installed and grading will be
completed for the future development. All utilities will be brought to the site
and a new pathway will be provided for the Montour Trail connection to the
airport. All of this development will occur on a site that is currently
undeveloped and generating no tax revenue to the state and local economy.

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett Administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

For more information please visit: http://www.newpa.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           October 27, 2005 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LOCAL NEWS BRIEFS - Final

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 486 words


Turn your clocks back and check smoke alarms

Sunday is the end of daylight-saving time.

It ends at 2 a.m. Sunday, when clocks should be set back an hour. The
International Association of Fire Chiefs also recommends marking the occasion by
changing the batteries in smoke detectors.

"Remember, smoke -- not heat -- is the No. 1 cause of death in home fires,"
Buffalo Fire Commissioner Michael L. D'Orazio said. "A working smoke alarm can
mean the difference between life and death."

-----

Buffalo Place board opposes passport ID

The Buffalo Place board of directors Wednesday joined the growing chorus of
opposition to proposals mandating passports as proof of identification to travel
between the United States and Canada.

Members of the downtown agency board were unanimous in their opposition to the
Department of Homeland Security plan that they said would have a harsh economic
impact on Buffalo and Western New York.

Director Howard Zemsky blasted the proposed passport requirement, arguing that
forcing travelers between Southern Ontario and the Niagara Frontier to carry the
government-issued IDs would be comparable to making people in Washington, D.C.,
show a passport to cross the Potomac River.

-----

Grants offered to groups doing hurricane relief

The John R. Oishei Foundation is offering one-time grants to area organizations
stretched thin by the Katrina and Rita hurricane-relief effort.

Groups that "expended resources for hurricane relief that were originally
intended to be expended in Western New York" were invited to apply for
"extraordinary support" or to replace money spent to relocate hurricane victims.

The foundation, which does not make grants outside the area, stressed that the
money must be spent locally "in support of local efforts." The initiative "is
not intended to reimburse organizations for special funds raised and forwarded"
to the coast, the foundation added.

Eligible nonprofit organizations can obtain Oishei grant applications from the
local chapter of the American Red Cross, the Association of Fund-raising
Professionals, Catholic Charities, the Food Bank of Western New York, the
Salvation Army, the United Way of Buffalo & Erie County and the Western New York
Grantmakers Association. Requests for funding must be received by Dec. 2.

Further information may be obtained by e-mailing Paul T. Hogan at
pthogan@oisheifdt.org or Blythe T. Merrill at btmerrill@oisheifdt.org.

-----

Ontario utility sending team to help restore power

A team of 170 workers from Ontario-based utility Hydro One and 70 trucks are
being sent to hurricane-ravaged Florida to help restore power there.

The power line maintainers crossed the Peace Bridge on Wednesday and will head
to a staging area near West Palm Beach, Fla.

Several trucks were held up for about two hours at the Peace Bridge due to
confusion over paperwork related to changes in homeland security regulations,
but they were back en route by 5 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              597 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             August 18, 2006 Friday

Foundation warns of malnutrition's economic impact

SECTION: Pg. S2/6

LENGTH: 153 words


Malnutrition among young Filipino children could severely affect national
productivity in the coming years, according to Odyssey Foundation, Inc.

Citing a report released recently by the United Nations Children's Fund
(UNICEF), the Metro Manila-based foundation said that this early, some $500
billion to $1 trillion worth of income and productivity are lost globally each
year because of malnutrition.

The foundation said the Philippines is among the 10 countries severely affected
by malnutrition, which is considered a disease caused by inadequate or excessive
intake of food. More than three million Filipino children are suffering from
undernutrition, the worst form of malnutrition.

In a statement, the foundation said that nutrition is recognized as a basic
human right and it is vital to the survival, growth, and development of
children.

To combat the global epidemic of undernutrition, Odyssey Foundation cited the
need for initiatives from the private sector to share their resources in feeding
the poor and the hungry.

"This could as well pave a noble way of showcasing their corporate social
responsibility in helping build a stronger people for a stronger nation," the
foundation said in the statement.

Odyssey Foundation has developed a supplemental feeding system that caters to
impoverished areas in Luzon with high prevalence of underweight children. This
system provides a sustainable program to arrest child malnutrition.

With an accreditation from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the
Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD), Odyssey receives grants,
donations, and financial aid to assist its operations focused on nurturing the
health of underweight children in the Philippines.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Federal Aviation Administration: Economist AWA-APO-15-SP03790-39872

LENGTH: 2974  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Economist

Department:Department Of Transportation

Agency:Federal Aviation Administration

Job Announcement Number:AWA-APO-15-SP03790-39872
SALARY RANGE:
 $76,284.00 to $144,583.00 / Per Year
The salary listed above includes the 24.22% locality rate for the Washington, DC
Metropolitan Area.
OPEN PERIOD:
 Friday, February 20, 2015 to Friday, March 13, 2015
SERIES & GRADE:
 FV-0110-I/J
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full Time - Permanent
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 U.S. Citizens
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

Business Component: Office of Policy, International Affairs, and Environment
(APL-1), Office of Aviation Policy and Plans (APO-1), Economic Analysis Division
(APO-300)

No Permanent Change of Station (PCS) payments are authorized.
KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A one-year probationary period may be required.
    Position is subject to background investigation.

DUTIES:
Back to top

To qualify for this position at the FV-110-I level:
Incumbent will serve as an economist in the Office of Policy and Plans. The
incumbent will work as a member of teams responsible for developing proposed
safety, operational and other rules. He or she will specifically be responsible
to assess the economic impact of proposed regulations, work with agency
rulemaking teams to identify cost and benefit drivers of each rule, and develop
full benefit/cost analysis of proposed and final rules.

Incumbent will perform benefit/cost reviews and analyses for Airport Improvement
Program (AIP) grants and Air Traffic Organization (ATO) grants and other FAA
investment decisions. He or she will be specifically responsible for review of
Benefit/Cost Analyses submitted to FAA in support of AIP grant applications,
performing benefit/cost analyses in support of the ATO Contract Tower Program,
and in support of landing aid investment decisions.

Incumbent will conduct analyses in support of transportation policy development,
legislative proposals and other initiatives as required. He or she will be
specifically responsible for conducting economic analyses in support of
administration and congressional proposals and apply economic theory to solve
problems. He or she will also participate in review and updating of FAA
investment decision economic criteria and guidance materials.

In all of these areas, the incumbent will collect data and analyze large
databases, prepare written documentation to support their work including full
regulatory analyses for inclusion in the rule documentation, and to discuss the
regulatory evaluation and other analyses with senior management and other
economists in the FAA, Department of Transportation and Office of Management and
Budget. The job requires contact with specialists in other FAA offices as well
as industry and others who have information needed to develop regulatory and
other analyses.


To qualify for this position at the FV-110-J level:
Incumbent will serve as an economist in the Office of Policy and Plans. The
incumbent will work as a member of teams responsible for developing proposed
safety, operational and other rules. He or she will specifically be responsible
to assess the economic impact of proposed regulations, work with agency
rulemaking teams to identify cost and benefit drivers of each rule, and develop
full benefit/cost analysis of proposed and final rules.

Incumbent will perform benefit/cost reviews and analyses for Airport Improvement
Program (AIP) grants and Air Traffic Organization (ATO) grants and other FAA
investment decisions. He or she will be specifically responsible for review of
Benefit/Cost Analyses submitted to FAA in support of AIP grant applications,
performing benefit/cost analyses in support of the ATO Contract Tower Program,
and in support of landing aid investment decisions.

Incumbent will conduct analyses in support of transportation policy development,
legislative proposals and other initiatives as required. He or she will be
specifically responsible for conducting economic analyses in support of
administration and congressional proposals. He or she will also participate in
review and updating of FAA investment decision economic criteria and guidance
materials.

In all these areas, the incumbent will prepare written documentation to support
their work including full regulatory analyses for inclusion in the rule
documentation, and to discuss the regulatory evaluation and other analyses with
senior management and other economists in the FAA, Department of Transportation
and Office of Management and Budget. The job requires contact with specialists
in other FAA offices as well as industry and others who have information needed
to develop regulatory and other analyses.
QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

BASIC REQUIREMENTS: To qualify for this position applicants must demonstrate in
their application possession of one of the following: (A) Degree: economics,
that included at least 21 semester hours in economics and 3 semester hours in
statistics, accounting, or calculus; OR (B) Combination of education and
experience -- courses equivalent to a major in economics, as shown in A above,
plus appropriate experience or additional education.
Examples of qualifying experience include: individual economic research
assignments requiring planning, information assembly, analysis and evaluation,
conclusions and report preparation; supervisory or project coordination
assignments involving a staff of professional economists, and requiring the
evaluation and interpretation of economic information; or teaching assignments
in a college or university that included both class instruction in economics
subjects and one of the following: personal research that produced evidence of
results, direction of graduate theses in economics, or service as a consultant
or advisor on technical economics problems. Experience in related fields that
did not involve the use and understanding of economic principles and theories
may not be used as qualifying experience for these positions. Special attention
on this point should be given to certain types of work that may or may not have
provided professional economic experience. The following examples of work
require special care in such determinations: economic statistics; industrial
surveys; management of individual business enterprises, including farms;
industrial planning; writing or editorial work in economic subjects; and
financial market analysis.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: In addition to the basic qualification requirements
listed above, all applicants must demonstrate one year (52 weeks) of specialized
experience equivalent to the next lower grade level or pay band level in the
Federal service. To qualify for the FV-J band, all applicants must demonstrate
one year (52 weeks) of specialized experience equivalent the FG/GS-13 or FV-I
band level. Specialized experience is defined as experience which is in or
directly related to the line of work of the position to be filled and which has
equipped the applicant with particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to
successfully perform the duties of that position.

EXAMPLES OF SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE include, but are not limited to:
Experience in conducting economic analyses in support of administration and
congressional proposals; experience in reviewing and updating investment
decision economic criteria and guidance materials; experience in writing
documentation to support economic or regulatory analyses, as well as, discuss
the analyses with senior management internally and externally.

Evaluation Criteria

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSA)
1. Knowledge of analytical and research techniques (i.e. econometrics,
mathematical economics, or operations research).
2. Skill in applying economic theory to solve problems and skill in collecting
and analyzing large databases.
3. Skill in preparing and communicating the results of analysis to diverse
audiences.
4. Skill in performing economic cost-benefit analysis.

IMPORTANT: Ensure that your work experience supports your Knowledge, Skills and
Abilities (KSA) answers. Your answers and associated work experience will be
evaluated further to validate whether the answers that you selected are
appropriate. Answers may be adjusted by a Human Resource Specialist as
appropriate.

We are not accepting applications from noncitizens.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Applicants may be rated on the extent and quality of experience, education, and
training relevant to the duties of the position(s). All answers provided in the
on-line process must be substantiated.

To preview the application questionnaire, click the following link: View
Application Questionnaire
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at: http://www.faa.gov/jobs/working_here/benefits/


OTHER INFORMATION:
We may use this vacancy to fill other similar vacant positions.
Travel may be required.
Position may be subject to a background investigation.
A one-year probationary period may be required.
The person selected for this position may be required to file a financial
disclosure statement within 30 days of entry on duty. FAA policy limits certain
outside employment and financial investments in aviation-related companies.

1. As a part of the Federal-Wide Hiring Reform Initiative (streamlining the
hiring process), the FAA is committed to eliminating the use of the Knowledge,
Skills and Ability (KSA) narratives from the initial application in the hiring
process for all external announcements. Therefore, as an applicant for this
external announcement, you are NOT required to provide a narrative response for
each KSA. In lieu of providing a narrative response for each KSA, your work
history should include examples of related experience that describes how you
meet the answer you chose for each KSA. Your experience examples should be
specific and clearly reflect your highest level of ability. Your experience
examples may be subject to verification.
2. Financial Disclosure: The person selected for this position may be required
to file a financial disclosure statement within 30 days of entry on duty. FAA
policy limits certain outside employment and financial investments in
aviation-related companies.
3. To verify educational requirements, applicants must provide a copy of their
unofficial/official transcript verifying degree on or by the closing date of
this vacancy announcement.
4. Applicants must apply on-line via (www.usajobs.gov) for employment
consideration. Applications must have a status of "Submitted" before 11:59PM
(midnight) EST on the closing date of the vacancy announcement for it to be
accepted. Applications submitted via email or fax WILL NOT be considered.
5. This position is also being announced under vacancy announcement number
AWA-APO-15-SP03790-39868 as open to Current and Former Federal employees and
EVHO. Please review both vacancy announcements to determine if you are eligible
to apply.
6. Veteran's Preference: Applicants who are claiming veteran's preference must
submit supporting documentation (DD-214, dated VA letter and SF-15) on or before
the closing date of the vacancy announcement. Supporting documentation must be
uploaded to your outline application or faxed to 202-267-7032 or 1-866-291-3009.
You must reference the vacancy announcement number on the cover letter of your
faxed documents. If you fail to submit documentation, you will be assessed as a
non-veteran.
7. This is a bargaining unit position.

This is a bargaining unit position.

Links to Important Information: Locality Pay, COLA, Citizenship
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
You must apply online to receive consideration. Your application must have a
status of "Received" by 11:59 PM Eastern Time on the Close Date for it to be
accepted. If you are applying for positions associated with FAA registers, your
application must have a status of "Received" each time a referral list is
created in order to receive consideration for positions associated with
register.

IN DESCRIBING YOUR WORK EXPERIENCE AND/OR EDUCATION, PLEASE BE CLEAR AND
SPECIFIC REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE OR EDUCATION.

We strongly encourage applicants to utilize the USAJOBS resume builder in the
creation of resumes.

Please ensure EACH work history includes ALL of the following information:

Job Title (include series and grade if Federal Job)
    Duties (be specific in describing your duties)
    Employer's name and address
    Supervisor name and phone number
    Start and end dates including month, day and year (e.g. June 18 2007 to
April 05 2008)
    Full-time or part-time status (include hours worked per week)
    Salary

Determining length of General or Specialized Experience is dependent on the
above information and failure to provide ALL of this information may result in a
finding of ineligible.

You may upload completed documents to your USAJOBS Account. This will provide
you the opportunity to utilize the uploaded information again when applying for
future vacancies. Please see this guide, Document Upload Guide, for more
information on uploading and re-using the documents in your applications.

Forms:
        SF-15  : Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
To verify educational requirements, applicants must provide a copy of their
unofficial/official transcript verifying degree on or by the closing date of
this vacancy announcement.

Supporting Documentation: Supporting documentation must be uploaded to your
online application or faxed to 202-267-7032 or 1-866-291-3009 on or before THE
CLOSING DATE of this announcement. You must reference the vacancy announcement
number on the cover letter of your faxed documents.

All Veterans: If you are claiming veterans' preference, you must submit either a
DD Form 214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (Member 4 Copy
or equivalent), or a document from the armed forces certifying that within 120
days you are expected to be discharged or released from active duty service
under honorable conditions. If you are claiming 10 point preference, you must
also submit a completed SF-15, Application for 10-Point Veteran's Preference,
and supporting documents outlined on the SF-15. Documents must be uploaded or
faxed to the Servicing Human Resource Management Office listed in this
announcement and all documents must be received by the closing date of the
announcement. If you fail to submit documentation, you will be assessed as a
non-veteran.

If you are claiming 10 point preference but fail to submit the supporting
documents outlined on the SF-15, you will be tentatively assessed as a 5 point
preference eligible provided your DD Form 214 reflects that you have the service
required to qualify for preference. Documents must be uploaded or faxed to the
Servicing Human Resource Management Office listed in this announcement and all
documents must be received by the closing date of the announcement. If you fail
to submit documentation, you will be assessed as a non-veteran.

Veterans currently on active duty claiming veterans' preference: You will be
granted tentative preference if you submit a document from the armed forces
certifying that within 120 days you are expected to be discharged or released
from active duty service under honorable conditions and your application shows
that you have the required service. Prior to being appointed, you must provide
to the Servicing Human Resource Management Office a DD Form 214 documenting
discharge/release and showing that the service was honorable or general. If you
are on terminal leave, you must provide documentation certifying authorized
terminal leave.
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Human Resource Services Division
Phone: 202-267-8012
Fax: 866-291-3009
Email: 9-AWA-AHR-200-VACANCYINQUIRY@FAA.GOV
Agency Information:
Federal Aviation Administration
Human Resources Services Division, AHP-200
800 Independence Avenue, SW
Room 523
Washington, DC
20591
US
Fax: 866-291-3009
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
Candidates for FAA positions are evaluated using our Automated Vacancy
Information Access Tool for Online Referral (AVIATOR) system. AVIATOR compares
your skills and experience as described in your application with the
requirements of the position. If you are found to be an eligible,
highly-qualified candidate, you will be referred to the selecting official for
further consideration. (In some cases, individuals with priority for special
consideration must be considered and selected before other candidates.) Whether
or not you are contacted for an interview depends upon the location of the
position and the judgment of the selecting official.

Important - If you make any change to your application, you must resubmit it. If
you change your application and do not resubmit it, your changes will not be
considered part of your application package, and your previous application will
be considered.
FAA is an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will be considered regardless of political affiliation,
race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital
status, age, disability, or other non-merit factors. DOT provides reasonable
accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable
accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify
us. Decisions on granting reasonable accommodation will be made on a
case-by-case basis. Additional information on reasonable accommodations
procedures or on EEO Programs is available on Office of Civil Rights (ACR) or by
contacting the local FAA Civil Rights Office.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 999 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                          September 15, 2011 Thursday
                                National Edition

Wal-Mart says it will invest more in women; 'Game Changer'

BYLINE: Jessica Wohl, Reuters

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP5

LENGTH: 578  words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


CHICAGO . Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will double the money it spends with womenowned
businesses, train women around the world and push major suppliers to use more
women and minorities on work they do for the retailer, its latest steps to
promote a brighter corporate image.

The moves unveiled by chief executive Mike Duke and others Wednesday come after
the U.S. Supreme Court threw out women's massive class-action sex-discrimination
lawsuit against the world's largest retailer in June.

That ruling was a major victory for Wal-Mart, which may still be hit with
individual lawsuits from women. Now, the company aims to make a major mark on
women's economic empowerment by setting five goals it hopes to meet by 2016.
Wal-Mart, around the world, employs 2.1 million people, more than half of whom
are women.

"This is not something that they're doing in response to anything else," said
Alyse Nelson, the co-founder, president and CEO of Vital Voices, an organization
that helps women in 127 countries with mentoring and training.

"It is the game changer, in my opinion. I've worked in this space for 16 years
and I've never seen anything this big," Ms. Nelson said Wednesday as she headed
to the Wal-Mart event in Bentonville, Ark.

One goal with the potential for major economic impact is to increase sourcing
from women-owned businesses including construction firms, farms and
manufacturers.

In the United States, Wal-Mart spent about US$2.5-billion with women's
businesses last year. It now plans to spend US$5-billion annually by 2016 in the
United States, and double sourcing from international suppliers run by women.

CEO Mr. Duke, speaking to a packed room at Wal-Mart's headquarters, noted that
about 70% of the one billion people living in poverty around the world are
women. Also, less than 7% of venture capital goes to companies started by women.

The presentation was also broadcast over the Internet.

The U.S. State Department, among others, is backing its new women's initiatives.

"I don't know of any other company that's making that kind of commitment and my
hope is that it encourages others to step up," said Nell Merlino, founder and
president of Count Me In for Women's Economic Independence, a non-profit that
helps women grow their small businesses that has collaborated with Wal-Mart
since 2008.

Wal-Mart also plans to help train and educate 400,000 women, including 200,000
U.S. women from low-income homes, in job and financialrelated skills. The
company is funding its plans with US$100-million in grants from the Walmart
Foundation and its international businesses.

Wal-Mart often comes under fire with groups claiming, among other issues, that
its stores put smaller shops out of business and that it does not pay its
workers enough. Its attempts to open stores in certain locations, most notably
New York City, have been met with opposition from community groups.

The company has been working to promote a more caring image through various
initiatives, such as working with U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama to expand
access to healthy food and pushing companies to sell more environmentally
friendly products.

Some of the efforts are building on work that Wal-Mart has already done. In
2005, it pushed law firms to increase the gender and ethnic diversity among the
staff that did business with the retailer. Now it is asking other firms, such as
advertising agencies and suppliers who sell more than US$1-billion of products
to the chain each year, to do the same.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: William Thomas Cain, The New York Times Files; Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
employs 2.1 million people around the world. More than half of its employees are
women.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                    February 26, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Hubbell Lighting Launches Lighting Upgrade Program for Colleges and
Universities; Campuses Can Cut Energy Cost by 84%

LENGTH: 514  words


New Delhi, Feb. 26 -- In the U.S., colleges and universities spend an average of
$31,000 a year lighting a typical 50,000-square-foot classroom building-money
wasted on utility and maintenance costs rather than the pursuit of academic
achievements. To expedite and encourage savings, Hubbell Lighting announced a
new energy efficient lighting program to cut electricity costs by 84%, enhance
the quality of light and reduce the financial risk of upgrades.



The initiative, called createchange consists of two innovative offerings from
Hubbell Lighting:

* A suite of unique audit tools and other product selection resources
implemented with Hubbell Lighting consultants that allow schools to precisely
forecast the economic impact of various lighting retrofit strategies and
identify any utility rebates that are available.

* A 90-day risk-free trial program called "Compare in the Air", which allows
customers to validate cost saving estimates in buildings or outdoor environments
with up to four Hubbell Lighting products. After the trial period, customers can
decide to keep the products or return them for a full refund.

"Making the change to energy efficient lighting and controls offers schools an
incredible opportunity to free up funds that can be used for academic endeavors
rather than operating expenses," said Scott Muse, President of Hubbell Lighting.
"Our createchange program offers colleges and universities as close to a
guaranteed energy and maintenance savings as exists."

The createchange program includes a comprehensive evaluation of campus lighting
solutions for classrooms, offices, halls, dorms, auditoriums, gymnasiums,
coliseums, parking garages and lots, building exteriors, and other indoor and
outdoor spaces. New lighting and control devices can dramatically reduce energy
and maintenance costs. For example, simply changing out 2800 4 Lamp T8
fluorescent tube troffers in classrooms and offices in a typical university to
Columbia Lighting's Serrano LED LSER troffers will save the school approximately
$94,662 a year[1]-the equivalent of approximately 5 full scholarships.[2]

"The createchange program for colleges and universities is even more powerful
when coupled with our Cash Flow Positive program," added Muse. "With a simple
approval process, we will fund your entire lighting and controls upgrade;
including all products, installation and project-related materials and services.
Even better, wherever possible, we will structure the financing to ensure that
energy cost savings are greater than monthly financing costs, which means that
schools will experience an immediate positive cash flow."

With Hubbell Lighting's Cash Flow Positive program, colleges and universities
can receive no down payment, 100% fixed rate, long-term financing usually
approved in 24-48 hours that does not impact existing lines of credit or hinder
their ability to borrow in the future.

"We are in a situation today where the economic advantages of new lighting
technologies are a given," remarked Muse. "Now we need to spur adoption. That is
why createchange is so important."

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                           December 13, 2011 Tuesday

Waseela-e-Taleem - a revolutionary step

LENGTH: 1054 words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Dec. 13 -- A social safety net programme with the name of Benazir
Income Support Programme (BISP) was established in the year 2008 to tackle the
catastrophic impacts of inflation and price hike on the poor, caused by
recession in the world markets and highly increased food and fuel prices. The
programme was launched initially for providing a fixed monthly cash grant to
millions of poor families. This monthly cash assistance was provided to the
families who were most vulnerable to abject poverty. Thus, this grant was a
subsistence allowance to make their survival possible by adding between 20 to 50
percent or more to their income.

Cash grants worth billions that have been provided to millions of beneficiary
families in the last three years have helped in bringing a positive economic
impact in their lives. It must be noted that this sort of cash grant is termed
as "Unconditional Cash Transfer". It means that the amount which is disbursed to
a beneficiary is not subject to any condition for its spending. The beneficiary
has the right to spend the cash as per his or her requirements.

There is another emerging concept of "Conditional Cash Transfer" which has been
successfully launched in various South American and Asian countries. The concept
narrates that the amount which is disbursed as a grant to beneficiaries is
subjected to the fulfillment of some pre-conditions. The grant is continued in
case of compliance of that condition or it is discontinued in case of
non-compliance. Even in some cases, penalties are imposed if the terms laid for
the grant are not met.

Critics were of the view that BISP's work would not be fruitful if some
long-term measures like provision of livelihood opportunities and education were
not ensured. Through its graduation strategies, BISP launched demand driven
vocational and technical training programmes along with provision of micro
financing to ensure livelihood independence for millions of beneficiary
families. For provision of health facilities, BISP is all sent to launch a
Health Insurance Programme and it has already provided a Life Insurance facility
to millions of its beneficiary families to date. For promotion of education,
BISP is in the process of introducing Waseela-e-Taleem.

BISP launched a nationwide Poverty Scorecard Survey in late 2010, which is about
to be completed. Along with the identification of beneficiaries, it has helped
collect ideal data representing the socio-economic situation of almost 27
million households across Pakistan. This documented data can be used for various
poverty reduction projects in Pakistan by organisations the world over.

Careful evaluation of the data collected through BISP's Nationwide Poverty
Survey regarding education has revealed that only 13 percent of BISP
beneficiaries send all of their children to school, 50 percent of them send some
of their children to school while 37 percent do not send even a single child to
school. Thus it was learnt that the primary education of beneficiaries' children
is one of the major issues of the poor class in Pakistan.

A major indicator of the progress and development of any nation is its literacy
rate and education. John F Kennedy said, "Our progress as a nation can be no
swifter than our progress in education. The human mind is our fundamental
resource."

The above-mentioned facts are quite stunning and horrifying at the same time. If
a major portion of our coming generation that has to hold the reins of the
country is falling into the deep hole of ignorance and illiteracy, how can we
expect our nation to flourish in the years to come? How can we claim that we
will become a great nation when a large segment of children are not going to
schools?

But, it is also true that there are certain inherent problems which need to be
considered. There is a vicious circle of poverty that has trapped millions of
families in Pakistan. This immense poor class is unable to bear the expenses of
the education of their children. Also, most of these children are victims of
child labor and instead of going to school they are forced to work to earn for
their families. Thus, economic compulsion is the major reason behind millions of
non-school going children.

Coming back to the Waseela-e-Taleem programme being introduced by BISP, it is a
welcome step for multiple reasons. Also, there are certain reasons why BISP can
prove to be an ideal platform for providing education throughout the country.
Firstly, over the years, BISP has developed its reach out to millions of
families including those whose children are not going to school and secondly,
through nationwide poverty scorecard survey, it has compiled qualitative data to
evaluate the problem and present a solution for it. Thirdly, as BISP has been
playing significant role in helping millions of poor families, it can put some
sort of compulsion and condition for the cash transfer for education of the
children of such families.

Through Waseela-e-Taleem initiative, BISP is urging its beneficiary families to
send their children to school so that they can become literate and become
economically self-sufficient in the future.

Through this plan, a maximum of three children from each beneficiary family will
be sent to school and they will be provided with a benefit in cash. In case they
do not send their children to school, they will not get this additional money
and it is proposed that some sort of deduction could be made in the regular
monthly cash transfer of Rs 1,000 that is already being provided. It should be
noted that the education in primary schools (government and registered schools)
in Pakistan is free, so this money will give them an good incentive to send
their children to school.

The programme is a huge endeavour and it should be kept in mind that that the
capacity building regarding teachers and infrastructure of schools in all areas
of Pakistan is vital to make it successful. If implemented as planned, this
initiative can bring an educational revolution in Pakistan. It will have a
trickle down impact on the socio-economic future of the state once we have an
educated generation. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily
Times. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: Rural Infrastructure Authority Joins Golden LEAF in Announcing
$35M in Grants

LENGTH: 798  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Commerce, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:



 Secretary of Commerce John E. Skvarla, III, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman Tommy Hester and Golden LEAF President Dan Gerlach announced today
approximately $35 million in grants to provide needed infrastructure to seven
large industrial sites across North Carolina. The goal is to increase site
competitiveness and reduce the time needed for site development to attract major
projects with substantial job creation and private capital investment.









 The Major Site Development Initiative (MSDI) is a joint effort among the Golden
LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy. The
collaborative effort  was announced on April 7, 2016.







 "These funds are being applied strategically to make sites with the greatest
job-generating potential as shovel-ready as possible," said Commerce Secretary
Skvarla. "This additional infrastructure should significantly boost North
Carolina's appeal for big-ticket projects."







 Awards were derived from $25 million in Golden LEAF grants and up to $10
million in Rural Infrastructure Authority grants from the Industrial Development
Fund - Utility Account. Duke Energy contributed support toward the analysis of
readiness of sites to qualify for this initiative.







 The Rural Infrastructure Authority awarded the following grants under the MSDI:




 o    $1,679,700 to Edgecombe County for "Kingsboro Mega-Site Infrastructure (A
CSX Select Site)" to support water, sewer and road infrastructure and a
groundwater study.



 o    $1,418,000 to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" to support sewer infrastructure.



 o    $3,000,000 to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" to support water
infrastructure.



 o    $1,782,000 to Franklin County for sewer improvements at Triangle North
Franklin.



 o    $773,822 to Pitt County for sewer and road improvements at Indigreen
Corporate Park.







 The IDF-Utility Account is funded with a portion of Job Development Investment
Grant (JDIG)



 proceeds.







 "The aim of the Utility Account is to help less populated counties modernize
their industrial product," said Tommy Hester, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman. "These grants help put the finishing touches on big sites with big
potential."







 The Golden LEAF Foundation awarded the following grants under the MSDI:







 o    $7 million to the Carolinas Gateway Partnership for the project "Kingsboro
Mega-Site



 Infrastructure (A CSX Select Site)" for additional infrastructure.  (described
above).



 o    $7 million to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the City of Sanford for the project "Moncure MegaSite"
(described above).



 o    $3 million to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the Town of Siler City for the project "Chatham-Siler City
Advanced Manufacturing (CAM) Site Water & Wastewater Service" to support water
and wastewater infrastructure.







 "Our Board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF President. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."







 The funded entities met a standard set of criteria, including public ownership
or public control of a site that is at least 150 contiguous acres, appropriate
local financial support, recent private- sector interest in developing an
industrial project at the site, and a strategy to market the site to identified
clients. Submissions included independent evaluations of site readiness and
qualification.







 About NC Rural Infrastructure Authority:



 The North Carolina Rural Infrastructure Authority (RIA) reviews, approves and
monitors requests for state and federal funds administered by NC Commerce's
Rural Economic Development team. The RIA is comprised of 15 members appointed by
the Governor and General Assembly leaders. The Commerce Secretary is an ex
officio member of the Authority, which meets six times a year. Since the
Authority's creation in late 2013, the RIA and Commerce Rural Economic
Development have facilitated $120 million in grants and loans to support utility
upgrades, road and rail access, building reuse and demolition projects, plus
other infrastructure improvements enabling job growth in North Carolina's less
populated communities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: Rural Infrastructure Authority Joins Golden LEAF in Announcing
$35M in Grants

LENGTH: 798  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Commerce, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:



 Secretary of Commerce John E. Skvarla, III, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman Tommy Hester and Golden LEAF President Dan Gerlach announced today
approximately $35 million in grants to provide needed infrastructure to seven
large industrial sites across North Carolina. The goal is to increase site
competitiveness and reduce the time needed for site development to attract major
projects with substantial job creation and private capital investment.









 The Major Site Development Initiative (MSDI) is a joint effort among the Golden
LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy. The
collaborative effort  was announced on April 7, 2016.







 "These funds are being applied strategically to make sites with the greatest
job-generating potential as shovel-ready as possible," said Commerce Secretary
Skvarla. "This additional infrastructure should significantly boost North
Carolina's appeal for big-ticket projects."







 Awards were derived from $25 million in Golden LEAF grants and up to $10
million in Rural Infrastructure Authority grants from the Industrial Development
Fund - Utility Account. Duke Energy contributed support toward the analysis of
readiness of sites to qualify for this initiative.







 The Rural Infrastructure Authority awarded the following grants under the MSDI:




 o    $1,679,700 to Edgecombe County for "Kingsboro Mega-Site Infrastructure (A
CSX Select Site)" to support water, sewer and road infrastructure and a
groundwater study.



 o    $1,418,000 to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" to support sewer infrastructure.



 o    $3,000,000 to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" to support water
infrastructure.



 o    $1,782,000 to Franklin County for sewer improvements at Triangle North
Franklin.



 o    $773,822 to Pitt County for sewer and road improvements at Indigreen
Corporate Park.







 The IDF-Utility Account is funded with a portion of Job Development Investment
Grant (JDIG)



 proceeds.







 "The aim of the Utility Account is to help less populated counties modernize
their industrial product," said Tommy Hester, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman. "These grants help put the finishing touches on big sites with big
potential."







 The Golden LEAF Foundation awarded the following grants under the MSDI:







 o    $7 million to the Carolinas Gateway Partnership for the project "Kingsboro
Mega-Site



 Infrastructure (A CSX Select Site)" for additional infrastructure.  (described
above).



 o    $7 million to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the City of Sanford for the project "Moncure MegaSite"
(described above).



 o    $3 million to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the Town of Siler City for the project "Chatham-Siler City
Advanced Manufacturing (CAM) Site Water & Wastewater Service" to support water
and wastewater infrastructure.







 "Our Board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF President. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."







 The funded entities met a standard set of criteria, including public ownership
or public control of a site that is at least 150 contiguous acres, appropriate
local financial support, recent private- sector interest in developing an
industrial project at the site, and a strategy to market the site to identified
clients. Submissions included independent evaluations of site readiness and
qualification.







 About NC Rural Infrastructure Authority:



 The North Carolina Rural Infrastructure Authority (RIA) reviews, approves and
monitors requests for state and federal funds administered by NC Commerce's
Rural Economic Development team. The RIA is comprised of 15 members appointed by
the Governor and General Assembly leaders. The Commerce Secretary is an ex
officio member of the Authority, which meets six times a year. Since the
Authority's creation in late 2013, the RIA and Commerce Rural Economic
Development have facilitated $120 million in grants and loans to support utility
upgrades, road and rail access, building reuse and demolition projects, plus
other infrastructure improvements enabling job growth in North Carolina's less
populated communities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

North Carolina: Rural Infrastructure Authority Joins Golden LEAF in Announcing
$35M in Grants

LENGTH: 798  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Commerce, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:



 Secretary of Commerce John E. Skvarla, III, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman Tommy Hester and Golden LEAF President Dan Gerlach announced today
approximately $35 million in grants to provide needed infrastructure to seven
large industrial sites across North Carolina. The goal is to increase site
competitiveness and reduce the time needed for site development to attract major
projects with substantial job creation and private capital investment.









 The Major Site Development Initiative (MSDI) is a joint effort among the Golden
LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy. The
collaborative effort  was announced on April 7, 2016.







 "These funds are being applied strategically to make sites with the greatest
job-generating potential as shovel-ready as possible," said Commerce Secretary
Skvarla. "This additional infrastructure should significantly boost North
Carolina's appeal for big-ticket projects."







 Awards were derived from $25 million in Golden LEAF grants and up to $10
million in Rural Infrastructure Authority grants from the Industrial Development
Fund - Utility Account. Duke Energy contributed support toward the analysis of
readiness of sites to qualify for this initiative.







 The Rural Infrastructure Authority awarded the following grants under the MSDI:




 o    $1,679,700 to Edgecombe County for "Kingsboro Mega-Site Infrastructure (A
CSX Select Site)" to support water, sewer and road infrastructure and a
groundwater study.



 o    $1,418,000 to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" to support sewer infrastructure.



 o    $3,000,000 to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" to support water
infrastructure.



 o    $1,782,000 to Franklin County for sewer improvements at Triangle North
Franklin.



 o    $773,822 to Pitt County for sewer and road improvements at Indigreen
Corporate Park.







 The IDF-Utility Account is funded with a portion of Job Development Investment
Grant (JDIG)



 proceeds.







 "The aim of the Utility Account is to help less populated counties modernize
their industrial product," said Tommy Hester, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman. "These grants help put the finishing touches on big sites with big
potential."







 The Golden LEAF Foundation awarded the following grants under the MSDI:







 o    $7 million to the Carolinas Gateway Partnership for the project "Kingsboro
Mega-Site



 Infrastructure (A CSX Select Site)" for additional infrastructure.  (described
above).



 o    $7 million to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the City of Sanford for the project "Moncure MegaSite"
(described above).



 o    $3 million to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the Town of Siler City for the project "Chatham-Siler City
Advanced Manufacturing (CAM) Site Water & Wastewater Service" to support water
and wastewater infrastructure.







 "Our Board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF President. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."







 The funded entities met a standard set of criteria, including public ownership
or public control of a site that is at least 150 contiguous acres, appropriate
local financial support, recent private- sector interest in developing an
industrial project at the site, and a strategy to market the site to identified
clients. Submissions included independent evaluations of site readiness and
qualification.







 About NC Rural Infrastructure Authority:



 The North Carolina Rural Infrastructure Authority (RIA) reviews, approves and
monitors requests for state and federal funds administered by NC Commerce's
Rural Economic Development team. The RIA is comprised of 15 members appointed by
the Governor and General Assembly leaders. The Commerce Secretary is an ex
officio member of the Authority, which meets six times a year. Since the
Authority's creation in late 2013, the RIA and Commerce Rural Economic
Development have facilitated $120 million in grants and loans to support utility
upgrades, road and rail access, building reuse and demolition projects, plus
other infrastructure improvements enabling job growth in North Carolina's less
populated communities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

North Carolina: Rural Infrastructure Authority Joins Golden LEAF in Announcing
$35M in Grants

LENGTH: 798  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Commerce, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:



 Secretary of Commerce John E. Skvarla, III, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman Tommy Hester and Golden LEAF President Dan Gerlach announced today
approximately $35 million in grants to provide needed infrastructure to seven
large industrial sites across North Carolina. The goal is to increase site
competitiveness and reduce the time needed for site development to attract major
projects with substantial job creation and private capital investment.









 The Major Site Development Initiative (MSDI) is a joint effort among the Golden
LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy. The
collaborative effort  was announced on April 7, 2016.







 "These funds are being applied strategically to make sites with the greatest
job-generating potential as shovel-ready as possible," said Commerce Secretary
Skvarla. "This additional infrastructure should significantly boost North
Carolina's appeal for big-ticket projects."







 Awards were derived from $25 million in Golden LEAF grants and up to $10
million in Rural Infrastructure Authority grants from the Industrial Development
Fund - Utility Account. Duke Energy contributed support toward the analysis of
readiness of sites to qualify for this initiative.







 The Rural Infrastructure Authority awarded the following grants under the MSDI:




 o    $1,679,700 to Edgecombe County for "Kingsboro Mega-Site Infrastructure (A
CSX Select Site)" to support water, sewer and road infrastructure and a
groundwater study.



 o    $1,418,000 to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" to support sewer infrastructure.



 o    $3,000,000 to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" to support water
infrastructure.



 o    $1,782,000 to Franklin County for sewer improvements at Triangle North
Franklin.



 o    $773,822 to Pitt County for sewer and road improvements at Indigreen
Corporate Park.







 The IDF-Utility Account is funded with a portion of Job Development Investment
Grant (JDIG)



 proceeds.







 "The aim of the Utility Account is to help less populated counties modernize
their industrial product," said Tommy Hester, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman. "These grants help put the finishing touches on big sites with big
potential."







 The Golden LEAF Foundation awarded the following grants under the MSDI:







 o    $7 million to the Carolinas Gateway Partnership for the project "Kingsboro
Mega-Site



 Infrastructure (A CSX Select Site)" for additional infrastructure.  (described
above).



 o    $7 million to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the City of Sanford for the project "Moncure MegaSite"
(described above).



 o    $3 million to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the Town of Siler City for the project "Chatham-Siler City
Advanced Manufacturing (CAM) Site Water & Wastewater Service" to support water
and wastewater infrastructure.







 "Our Board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF President. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."







 The funded entities met a standard set of criteria, including public ownership
or public control of a site that is at least 150 contiguous acres, appropriate
local financial support, recent private- sector interest in developing an
industrial project at the site, and a strategy to market the site to identified
clients. Submissions included independent evaluations of site readiness and
qualification.







 About NC Rural Infrastructure Authority:



 The North Carolina Rural Infrastructure Authority (RIA) reviews, approves and
monitors requests for state and federal funds administered by NC Commerce's
Rural Economic Development team. The RIA is comprised of 15 members appointed by
the Governor and General Assembly leaders. The Commerce Secretary is an ex
officio member of the Authority, which meets six times a year. Since the
Authority's creation in late 2013, the RIA and Commerce Rural Economic
Development have facilitated $120 million in grants and loans to support utility
upgrades, road and rail access, building reuse and demolition projects, plus
other infrastructure improvements enabling job growth in North Carolina's less
populated communities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               New Era (Windhoek)

                                October 16, 2015

In Support of the Introduction of BIG [opinion]

BYLINE: Herbert Jauch

LENGTH: 536 words


Over the last few weeks we have observed the consultative meetings held in all
regions to debate possible interventions to eradicate poverty and to
redistribute wealth more equally in Namibia.

Such a debate is certainly welcome against the backdrop of Namibia still being
one of the countries with the highest levels of income inequality in the world.
Undoubtedly various strategies will need to be implemented in parallel to
reverse both the historical inequalities and the skewed distribution of incomes
that was maintained after independence.

Thus economic ownership structures and elite accumulation patterns will have to
be altered if we want to build a more equal society.

This is a daunting challenge that requires deliberate and strategic
interventions.

The Economic and Social Justice Trust as an organisation of volunteers promoting
the achievement of economic and social justice in Namibia believes that despite
the achievements made since independence, far too many Namibians are still
living in dire circumstances and do not enjoy a life in human dignity as
envisaged by the Namibian Constitution.

We further believe that it is time to tackle poverty as a blatant human rights
violation. Various proposals were already made but there is little doubt that
the introduction of a universal Basic Income Grant (BIG) has to be one of the
key instruments to eliminate poverty.

The Namibian government's own NAMTAX commission of 2002 regarded the reduction
of Namibia's income inequality not only as a justice issue, but as a
prerequisite for economic growth. Therefore, the introduction of a Basic Income
Grant to free people from the constraints of a mere "survival economy" was
proposed as a matter of urgency.

The BIG pilot project in Otjivero documented the positive social as well
economic impacts that the grant had on food security, education, health, crime
and local economic activities. In addition, during the 2013/14 drought, another
6,000 people in Omusati, Kunene, Kavango West and Hardap experienced the
positive impact of a cash grant of the Lutheran churches. We noted that even the
critics of the BIG have not been able to propose a better alternative. Thus the
time has come for a national implementation.

The available evidence form Namibia's pilot project as well as similar
initiatives elsewhere (including India) have shown that economic security for
people with low income greatly enhances the efforts in the health and education
sector, supporting government's interventions in these areas.

The introduction of a BIG is not an act of charity but signals the introduction
of an economic right to break the shackles of poverty which trap so many
Namibians. The BIG will certainly not lead to laziness but instead be a
contribution towards enabling Namibians to realize their potential.

It is against this background that we urge you and your Ministry to introduce
the BIG now as a cost-effective intervention that will have an immediate effect
on poverty in our country. We pledge to fully support you in this endeavour.

It would be tragic if the BIG remained merely a pilot project after evidence of
its positive impact has been clearly shown. Therefore it is time for a national
roll out of the BIG.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Eagle Tribune: Three Mass Companies Awarded SBA Grants

LENGTH: 507  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Seth Moulton has issued the following news
release:



 The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) and its federal partners
consisting of the National Institutes of Health, the National Science
Foundation, and the Department of Education, announced the three Massachusetts
companies are among the 68 winners of the third annual Growth Accelerator Fund
Competition.





 The winners include Entrepreneurship for All of Lowell, Massachusetts
Biomedical Initiatives of Worcester and North Shore Innoventures Inc., of
Beverly, which will received $50,000 each out of a total of $3.4 million in
prizes to boost the economic impact of accelerators across 32 states and the
District of Columbia.



 "Our local winners this year are helping grow early stage new businesses in
clean tech, biotech, life sciences industries - and helping to promote inclusive
entrepreneurship on Main Street," said Robert Nelson, SBA Massachusetts district
director. "We congratulate all three, and are looking to build on our
relationships with these phenomenal organizations to continue to build
communities and grow jobs here in the Commonwealth."



 The purpose of the competition was to draw attention and funding to parts of
the country where there are gaps in the entrepreneurial ecosystem. While there
are entrepreneurial activities occurring nationwide, some are better supported
by private sector ecosystems than others. SBA has created connective tissue
among the over 200 winning entrepreneurial ecosystems now part of the Growth
Accelerator Fund Competition program.



 "Small businesses are the heart and soul of our economy and we need to do all
we can to help them grow and succeed. I am grateful to the SBA for this smart
investment in our community and know that it will help give entrepreneurs in
Worcester and across Center Massachusetts the resources and support they need,"
said Congressman Jim McGovern, D-Mass.



 Applications were judged by more than 100 experts with entrepreneurial,
investment, startup, economic development, capital formation, and academic
backgrounds from both the public and private sector. The first panel of judges
review over 400 applications and presentations and established a pool of 200
highly qualified finalists. The second panels evaluated the finalists'
presentations and pitch videos and selected the 68 winners.



 "Small businesses are the backbone of our national economy and regional job
growth," said Congressman Seth Moulton, D-Mass. "So, it's critical that our
country's small businesses have reliable access to capital in order to innovate,
grow our economy, and create new jobs. I'm proud that Massachusetts
entrepreneurs did so well in this national funding competition, including North
Shore InnoVentures, Inc. in Beverly. I look forward to seeing the impact this
federal funding will have on job creation and economic development here in
northeastern Massachusetts."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Eagle Tribune: Three Mass Companies Awarded SBA Grants

LENGTH: 507  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Seth Moulton has issued the following news
release:



 The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) and its federal partners
consisting of the National Institutes of Health, the National Science
Foundation, and the Department of Education, announced the three Massachusetts
companies are among the 68 winners of the third annual Growth Accelerator Fund
Competition.





 The winners include Entrepreneurship for All of Lowell, Massachusetts
Biomedical Initiatives of Worcester and North Shore Innoventures Inc., of
Beverly, which will received $50,000 each out of a total of $3.4 million in
prizes to boost the economic impact of accelerators across 32 states and the
District of Columbia.



 "Our local winners this year are helping grow early stage new businesses in
clean tech, biotech, life sciences industries - and helping to promote inclusive
entrepreneurship on Main Street," said Robert Nelson, SBA Massachusetts district
director. "We congratulate all three, and are looking to build on our
relationships with these phenomenal organizations to continue to build
communities and grow jobs here in the Commonwealth."



 The purpose of the competition was to draw attention and funding to parts of
the country where there are gaps in the entrepreneurial ecosystem. While there
are entrepreneurial activities occurring nationwide, some are better supported
by private sector ecosystems than others. SBA has created connective tissue
among the over 200 winning entrepreneurial ecosystems now part of the Growth
Accelerator Fund Competition program.



 "Small businesses are the heart and soul of our economy and we need to do all
we can to help them grow and succeed. I am grateful to the SBA for this smart
investment in our community and know that it will help give entrepreneurs in
Worcester and across Center Massachusetts the resources and support they need,"
said Congressman Jim McGovern, D-Mass.



 Applications were judged by more than 100 experts with entrepreneurial,
investment, startup, economic development, capital formation, and academic
backgrounds from both the public and private sector. The first panel of judges
review over 400 applications and presentations and established a pool of 200
highly qualified finalists. The second panels evaluated the finalists'
presentations and pitch videos and selected the 68 winners.



 "Small businesses are the backbone of our national economy and regional job
growth," said Congressman Seth Moulton, D-Mass. "So, it's critical that our
country's small businesses have reliable access to capital in order to innovate,
grow our economy, and create new jobs. I'm proud that Massachusetts
entrepreneurs did so well in this national funding competition, including North
Shore InnoVentures, Inc. in Beverly. I look forward to seeing the impact this
federal funding will have on job creation and economic development here in
northeastern Massachusetts."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Mt. Vernon Register-News (Illinois)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 12, 2015 Saturday

Retreat examines city priorities

BYLINE: Travis Morse, Mt. Vernon Register-News, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 798 words


Sept. 12--MT. VERNON -- The Mt. Vernon City Council Friday examined priorities
for the tourism, parks, and police and fire departments during a day-long
retreat.

Tourism Director Bonnie Jerdon delivered a report on the economic impact of
travel and tourism in the area for 2014. That year saw a total of $103.2 million
being spent in Jefferson County by visitors, a 7.3 percent increase over the
prior year.

"This amount of money generates $2.1 million into local tax receipts, which is
something that everyone at this table is very interested in, I would think,"
Jerdon said.

Jerdon also outlined the 2014 initiatives that helped contribute to the
increase, including wayfinding signage, more events at the Mt. Vernon Market,
the addition of the Drury Inn & Suites, the Aquatic Zoo, improvements to Times
Square Mall, and increased use of branding elements.

Going forward, the tourism department and parks department need to do a better
job of working together, Jerdon said.

She also discussed the ongoing Broadway Market project which seeks to revitalize
the downtown. In addition to the Market Days program, tourism officials hope to
add downtown events like a wine festival, motorcycle showcase, classic car show,
Santa's workshop, quilters art festival, and many others.

"What I would hope that you would consider is looking at tourism as an
industry," said Interim City Manager Mary Ellen Bechtel. "It is a job creator,
it is a revenue creator for the city."

Part of the tourism discussion also focused on the ongoing effort to redevelop
the former Armory building into a community center. The $2 million project is
currently stalled due to the Governor putting a hold on the $1.5 million grant
the city had received.

Early on in the session, Parks and Public Facilities Director George Bryant
discussed a wide range of priorities and projects for his department.

His presentation began with an examination of a study comparing Mt. Vernon's
parks and amenities to the state average. In some ways, Mt. Vernon is meeting
the needs for parks but in other areas the city is falling short of the state
average.

For example, the statewide average for cities is to have 270 acres set aside for
designated parks. Mt. Vernon only has 120.2 acres, Bryant said.

"So based upon the statewide (average), we're a little behind," Bryant said.

Some ways the city could "bump up" their acreage would be to establish a nature
interpretive area, more outdoor athletic fields, and a park maintenance yard,
Bryant said.

Bryant also revealed Friday the Aquatic Zoo this year has brought in $20,000
more in revenue than the prior year as of mid-August. Also, about 2,000 more
people came through the doors of the facility this year compared to 2014 as of
Labor Day weekend.

A major project going forward for the water park will be to expand the parking
lot, an initiative that could cost roughly $265,000, Bryant said.

Other possible park projects discussed Friday included the draining of the
Veterans Park lake to combat the algae problem, adding a softball field at
Lincoln Park, establishing a skateboard park, and many others.

Fire department priorities mentioned were hiring two firefighters, purchasing a
new 75-foot ladder truck at a cost of around $750,000, buying new administration
vehicles, and establishing a new fire station.

During the fire department discussion, Mayor Mary Jane Chesley voiced concern
regarding the use of large pump trucks or ladder trucks during minor calls where
someone has fallen or needs medical attention. Using these trucks often leads to
considerable wear and tear, she said.

"These big pieces of equipment are not built to have all these multi-runs per
day. It's terrible on these transmissions," Chesley said.

The group also examined how the department's number of structure fire calls has
dropped in the last several years and how EMS calls are now much more common. In
the last seven years, the Mt. Vernon Fire Department responded to just under 40
structure fires a year on average, officials said.

Some long-term police department priorities include a new police station,
updated radios, and adequate staffing.

In addition Friday, council members examined a number of financial statistics.
For example, in 2013-2014, 63 percent of the city's revenue came from sales tax
and 6 percent came from the hotel motel tax. Also, property taxes levied for
employee benefits made up 4 percent of the revenue and property taxes for
general purposes accounted for 3 percent of the revenue.

A follow-up City Council workshop has been set for 4 p.m. Sept. 23 at City Hall
to work on prioritizing capital projects.

___ (c)2015 the Mt. Vernon Register-News (Mount Vernon, Ill.) Visit the Mt.
Vernon Register-News (Mount Vernon, Ill.) at register-news.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150912-VR-Retreat-examines-city-priorities-0912-20150912

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VR


                    Copyright 2015 Mt. Vernon Register-News


                              610 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

New Research Consortium to Tackle Community Resilience in the Gulf Region

LENGTH: 309  words

DATELINE: Northridge


California State University, Northridge has issued the following news release:

A new research group, the Consortium for Resilient Gulf Communities, has been
formed to assess and address the public health, social and economic impacts of
the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico region.

The research is funded by an $8 million, three-year grant from BP/The Gulf of
Mexico Research Initiative.

The consortium consists of researchers from the RAND Corporation, Louisiana
State University, Tulane University, the University of South Alabama and the
Louisiana Public Health Institute. The consortium's interdisciplinary research
and outreach activities will focus on determining how communities can build
resilience to future disasters.

For example, one project will develop a more-accurate picture of the medium- and
long-term public health, social and economic effects of the spill by surveying
residents in Texas, Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi and Florida. The findings
will be used to help communities understand risks and vulnerabilities, and to
develop action plans to improve resilience in advance of future disasters.

Research team members include experts in public health, mental health,
sociology, economics, political science, risk analysis, disaster resilience,
ecology and other disciplines.

The consortium hopes to establish a clearer picture of the ways in which the oil
spill affected the surrounding communities and to develop evidence-based
strategic planning and risk communication strategies for communities facing
similar disasters in the future. The research can be used to provide guidance
for policymakers to help them identify specific actions that will mitigate
future disaster impacts more effectively.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           September 13, 2011 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Arts, culture groups tout economic clout ;
 They add $209 million to the county, and want businesses to know it.

BYLINE: By EMILY ROACH Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 580 words

DATELINE: WEST PALM BEACH


Art and business do mix, local and national cultural leaders said Monday.

As part of the SmARTBiz Summit, local cultural nonprofit executives and
development directors got some inspiration and advice.

Bob Lynch, president of Americans for the Arts and keynote speaker Monday, said
that with strategic alliances and more visibility, arts and cultural
organizations can educate the public and politicians on how important arts
organizations are.

"Arts continue to be a core part of why people relocate and visit and a
significant economic impact," Lynch said.

The economic reach of nonprofit arts and cultural organizations in Palm Beach
County was $209 million, according to a 2007 Economic Prosperity Study. And the
SmARTBiz partnership with PNC Foundation will chart that again in 2012 as part
of the National Arts Index.

The SmARTBiz Summit brought together local nonprofits, especially 10 groups that
received $5,000 SmARTBiz grants, and business leaders.

"It emphasizes how important the arts are for our community," said Katie Deits,
executive director of the Lighthouse ArtCenter Museum & School of Art. "We need
the business community to recognize the arts aren't an extra; they're an
essential."

Deits said her group will use the grant to hire a strategic planning consultant.
Mounts Botanical Garden also is hiring a strategic planner with its grant.

"It gives us an opportunity to create a healthier culture within our
organization," Mounts Director Allen Sistrunk said.

The SmARTBiz program is being driven by a $200,000 grant from PNC Foundation.

Susie Dwinell, client and community relations director for PNC Financial Service
Group in West Palm Beach, said the partnership with the Palm Beach County
Cultural Council aims to help nonprofits grow in he area.

SmARTBiz has three components: 10 grants based on making nonprofits strong
financial organizations; "capacity building" training for nonprofit executives;
and participation in two studies by Americans for the Arts.

Local data feeds into the National Arts Index and Arts and Economic Prosperity
Study, and then the national report gives local organizations a basis for
comparison, Lynch said.

Lynch said nonprofit leaders are better business people than they've been given
credit for, but initiatives like SmARTBiz are important, especially with the
difficult economy in play today.

"I think it is important for nonprofits to understand business skills and how to
run an organization," he said.

Mike Bracci, board chairman for the county Cultural Council and a regional
manager with Northern Trust, said people, including business and political
leaders, need to understand the value of a vibrant arts and cultural community.

~emily_roach@pbpost.com

Arts and the big picture

* There are 109,000 groups across the country reporting more engagement and
investment in the arts community than ever before.

* Arts-related businesses employ more than 15,000 people in Palm Beach County.

* Federal and local funding is down with the economy.

Total arts giving from the corporate side is down 14 percent.

* Private donations to arts and cultural groups are flat.

* Nonprofit cultural organizations pump $166 billion into the economy every
year, employ 5.7 million people full-time and pay $30 billion in taxes.

* Income from tickets, gift shops and other sales now accounts for 60 percent of
cultural nonprofits' revenue.

* Federal, state and local government sources account for 9 percent of
nonprofits' revenue.

Source: Americans for the Arts

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 16, 2014 Saturday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett: Public Private Partnership Will Commence Major
Brownfields Redevelopment at the Pittsburgh International Airport

LENGTH: 828  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. All Rights Reserved. has issued the following news
release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced that a public private partnership involving
several state agencies will transform a brownfields site into a world class
center for international trade including office space, research and development
capacity and a 400 room hotel with convention space. The transformational
project is projected to generate $250 million in private investment and lead to
the creation of 7,000 direct and indirect jobs, and more than 1,200 construction
jobs.

"Pennsylvania's industries of the past have created opportunities for state and
local leaders to work together to transform oft-neglected land into useable,
productive centers of business, recreation and commerce," said Gov. Corbett.
"The Pittsburgh World Trade Center will be a beacon for travelers, businesses
and workers alike and will serve as an economic engine for the region,
generating new tax revenues and creating thousands of new jobs."

The commonwealth and Allegheny County are partnering with the Pittsburgh
International Airport on the project to create the new Pittsburgh International
Airport World Trade Center. The redevelopment will provide sites for over one
million square feet of Class A office space, 90,000 square feet for research and
development and a 400-room hotel with convention space. In addition, there is
space for up to six corporate hangars which will allow a corporate user to
locate its headquarters building and its corporate hangar in the same business
park.

"The success of the Airport area's development is exceptional. We want this
growth to continue which is why it is so important that we continue to develop
'shovel ready' sites," said Allegheny County Executive Rich Fitzgerald.  "As
this region continues to grow, providing a place for businesses that are
integrally linked to the airport is a priority, while we also continue to build
on our reputation as an international community."

A $5 million Economic Growth Initiative grant was awarded to the Redevelopment
Authority of Allegheny County and the Pittsburgh International Airport for site
remediation and the construction of a mixed-used commercial, retail and
international trade center to be located on the grounds of the airport. As part
of the project, the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation has committed up
to $1 million in funds to repair and improve state roads providing access to the
site.

Additionally, the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection awarded a
$1 million federal Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act grant for
environmental remediation including shoring up former mine walls and removing
acid mine drainage at the site.

"The Airport Authority is grateful for the cooperation and support of the
Governor and the County Executive, as well as the state and local leaders who
helped to make this funding for the World Trade Center possible. Pittsburgh
International Airport's role as an economic generator is two-fold: Providing
high quality, competitive air service in and out of southwestern PA and
developing key properties to attract new industry and jobs. This funding allows
us to move the World Trade Center project forward so we can continue to build on
that role," said Chairman David Minnotte, Allegheny County Airport Authority.

The 195 acre site located near the entrance to the Pittsburgh International
Airport is a former coal mine and area used to dump municipal waste. Once the
development is complete, the coal mines will be removed, the mine spoil will be
appropriately handled, a new road will be installed and grading will be
completed for the future development. All utilities will be brought to the site
and a new pathway will be provided for the Montour Trail connection to the
airport. All of this development will occur on a site that is currently
undeveloped and generating no tax revenue to the state and local economy.

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett Administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

For more information please visit: http://www.newpa.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett: Public Private Partnership Will Commence Major
Brownfields Redevelopment at the Pittsburgh International Airport

LENGTH: 826  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced that a public private partnership involving
several state agencies will transform a brownfields site into a world class
center for international trade including office space, research and development
capacity and a 400 room hotel with convention space. The transformational
project is projected to generate $250 million in private investment and lead to
the creation of 7,000 direct and indirect jobs, and more than 1,200 construction
jobs.

"Pennsylvania's industries of the past have created opportunities for state and
local leaders to work together to transform oft-neglected land into useable,
productive centers of business, recreation and commerce," said Gov. Corbett.
"The Pittsburgh World Trade Center will be a beacon for travelers, businesses
and workers alike and will serve as an economic engine for the region,
generating new tax revenues and creating thousands of new jobs."

The commonwealth and Allegheny County are partnering with the Pittsburgh
International Airport on the project to create the new Pittsburgh International
Airport World Trade Center. The redevelopment will provide sites for over one
million square feet of Class A office space, 90,000 square feet for research and
development and a 400-room hotel with convention space. In addition, there is
space for up to six corporate hangars which will allow a corporate user to
locate its headquarters building and its corporate hangar in the same business
park.

"The success of the Airport area's development is exceptional. We want this
growth to continue which is why it is so important that we continue to develop
'shovel ready' sites," said Allegheny County Executive Rich Fitzgerald.  "As
this region continues to grow, providing a place for businesses that are
integrally linked to the airport is a priority, while we also continue to build
on our reputation as an international community."

A $5 million Economic Growth Initiative grant was awarded to the Redevelopment
Authority of Allegheny County and the Pittsburgh International Airport for site
remediation and the construction of a mixed-used commercial, retail and
international trade center to be located on the grounds of the airport. As part
of the project, the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation has committed up
to $1 million in funds to repair and improve state roads providing access to the
site.

Additionally, the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection awarded a
$1 million federal Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act grant for
environmental remediation including shoring up former mine walls and removing
acid mine drainage at the site.

"The Airport Authority is grateful for the cooperation and support of the
Governor and the County Executive, as well as the state and local leaders who
helped to make this funding for the World Trade Center possible. Pittsburgh
International Airport's role as an economic generator is two-fold: Providing
high quality, competitive air service in and out of southwestern PA and
developing key properties to attract new industry and jobs. This funding allows
us to move the World Trade Center project forward so we can continue to build on
that role," said Chairman David Minnotte, Allegheny County Airport Authority.

The 195 acre site located near the entrance to the Pittsburgh International
Airport is a former coal mine and area used to dump municipal waste. Once the
development is complete, the coal mines will be removed, the mine spoil will be
appropriately handled, a new road will be installed and grading will be
completed for the future development. All utilities will be brought to the site
and a new pathway will be provided for the Montour Trail connection to the
airport. All of this development will occur on a site that is currently
undeveloped and generating no tax revenue to the state and local economy.

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett Administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett: Public Private Partnership Will Commence Major
Brownfields Redevelopment at the Pittsburgh International Airport

LENGTH: 826  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced that a public private partnership involving
several state agencies will transform a brownfields site into a world class
center for international trade including office space, research and development
capacity and a 400 room hotel with convention space. The transformational
project is projected to generate $250 million in private investment and lead to
the creation of 7,000 direct and indirect jobs, and more than 1,200 construction
jobs.

"Pennsylvania's industries of the past have created opportunities for state and
local leaders to work together to transform oft-neglected land into useable,
productive centers of business, recreation and commerce," said Gov. Corbett.
"The Pittsburgh World Trade Center will be a beacon for travelers, businesses
and workers alike and will serve as an economic engine for the region,
generating new tax revenues and creating thousands of new jobs."

The commonwealth and Allegheny County are partnering with the Pittsburgh
International Airport on the project to create the new Pittsburgh International
Airport World Trade Center. The redevelopment will provide sites for over one
million square feet of Class A office space, 90,000 square feet for research and
development and a 400-room hotel with convention space. In addition, there is
space for up to six corporate hangars which will allow a corporate user to
locate its headquarters building and its corporate hangar in the same business
park.

"The success of the Airport area's development is exceptional. We want this
growth to continue which is why it is so important that we continue to develop
'shovel ready' sites," said Allegheny County Executive Rich Fitzgerald.  "As
this region continues to grow, providing a place for businesses that are
integrally linked to the airport is a priority, while we also continue to build
on our reputation as an international community."

A $5 million Economic Growth Initiative grant was awarded to the Redevelopment
Authority of Allegheny County and the Pittsburgh International Airport for site
remediation and the construction of a mixed-used commercial, retail and
international trade center to be located on the grounds of the airport. As part
of the project, the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation has committed up
to $1 million in funds to repair and improve state roads providing access to the
site.

Additionally, the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection awarded a
$1 million federal Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act grant for
environmental remediation including shoring up former mine walls and removing
acid mine drainage at the site.

"The Airport Authority is grateful for the cooperation and support of the
Governor and the County Executive, as well as the state and local leaders who
helped to make this funding for the World Trade Center possible. Pittsburgh
International Airport's role as an economic generator is two-fold: Providing
high quality, competitive air service in and out of southwestern PA and
developing key properties to attract new industry and jobs. This funding allows
us to move the World Trade Center project forward so we can continue to build on
that role," said Chairman David Minnotte, Allegheny County Airport Authority.

The 195 acre site located near the entrance to the Pittsburgh International
Airport is a former coal mine and area used to dump municipal waste. Once the
development is complete, the coal mines will be removed, the mine spoil will be
appropriately handled, a new road will be installed and grading will be
completed for the future development. All utilities will be brought to the site
and a new pathway will be provided for the Montour Trail connection to the
airport. All of this development will occur on a site that is currently
undeveloped and generating no tax revenue to the state and local economy.

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett Administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                             July 19, 2008 Saturday

HSU to offer businesses customized research

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 312 words


ARCATA -- Humboldt State University's Office for Economic and Community
Development (OECD) has launched a customized research initiative designed to
make regional high-growth companies more competitive in national and global
markets.

Called Competitive Intelligence, the program's pilot year will be anchored by
Adrienne Harling, a regional research consultant with a master's degree in
library and information science. She founded the Klamath Salmon Natural History
Library in Orleans in 2002, securing a $14,000 grant and producing a strategic
plan and budget blueprint.

Competitive Intelligence is information about a company's rivals, customers,
markets and industries that can equip it with a competitive edge. Businesses
learn about their potential customers and their competitors' performance in
attracting them.

In her new role with the OECD, Harling will assist Redwood Coast businesses with
customized research in six industry sectors that have been identified as having
the highest potential economic impact in the region: diversified health care,
niche manufacturing, specialty agriculture, management and innovation services,
investment services, and building and systems construction and maintenance.

"I'll help our local businesses grow using reliable strategic information,"
Harling said.

The first year of the program will be free, Harling added, with future years
expected to be "low-cost."

Financing comes from a $66,000 start-up grant from Humboldt County's Headwaters
Fund, in cooperation with the North Coast Small Business Development Center.
Harling will operate out of Humboldt State's OECD at 826-3924.

Maggie Gainer, OECD's director, said she's thrilled about the program.

"It's a perfect role for HSU in the region's economic development," she said.

Additional information about Competitive Intelligence is available at
http://www.growinglocaleconomies.com .

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                  September 27, 1995, Wednesday, METRO EDITION

Municipal report says arts funds must be maintained

BYLINE: By Robert Crew Toronto Star

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 389 words


   Current levels of cultural grants to City of Toronto arts organizations must
be maintained in any shakeup of local government, the Golden commission on
municipal reform has been told.

And the Toronto Arts Council has urged the commission to "seriously consider the
significant economic, employment and quality of life contributions made to the
urban environment by the Toronto arts and culture community."

In its 13-page written submission titled "A Cultural Vision," the arts council
also recommends encouraging municipal initiatives to support and foster the
arts.

Current funding contributed by Metro and the City of Toronto totals $11.8
million. Metro Culture division distributes $6.6 million to 325 organizations
(of which $6.34 million go to City of Toronto arts groups). The Toronto Arts
Council funds 318 organizations and 145 individuals from its $5.27 million
budget, spending $570,000 on administration.

The submission points out that in 1986-87, when the Greater London Council was
abolished, the British government replaced in full the 25 million pounds ($54
million) previously handed out by the GLC.

The arts and culture industry creates 160,000 jobs, directly and indirectly in
the Greater Toronto Area, and has revenues of $200 million, creating a national
economic impact of $900 million, the submission says.

The commercial theatre sector has annual revenues of $130 million and attendance
at Toronto arts and culture events is approximately 15 million. If the Metro
level of government is eliminated, the extra cost to Toronto taxpayers of
maintaining funding at its current level would be approximately $6 per taxpayer.

And the submission puts forward several ways of raising the additional money:

* Earmark a percentage of gross City of Toronto property-based revenue for arts
and cultural spending;

* Develop a formula based on usage to collect regional contributions;

* A hotel/motel tax, similar to that in San Francisco and Chicago;

* A municipal arts lottery;

* A voluntary tax dedicated to the arts.

"Great cities are fabricated not just from bricks and mortar but from the
imaginative constructs of their artists," the submission says. "We should take
advantage of what we already have and what we've already achieved."

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              617 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            February 9, 2016 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Arrowhead Center to create Aggie I-Corps

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 422 words


LAS CRUCES - Arrowhead Center at New Mexico State University was awarded a
three-year, $300,000 grant last week for the Innovation Corps (I-Corps) Sites
program. I-Corps is a National Science Foundation initiative to leverage
university research to create new innovative businesses and increase the
economic impact of inventions created at research institutions around the
country. NMSU is one of only 51 academic institutions nationwide to be selected
as an I-Corps Site. Other I-Corps Sites include the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, University of Chicago, Carnegie-Mellon University, Purdue
University, UCLA, University of Pennsylvania and other top research
institutions.

As an I-Corps Site, NMSU will be able to offer Aggie I-Corps, a five-week
program for NMSU students and faculty interested in creating innovative
startups. The program allows for $60,000 to be awarded to teams of NMSU students
and faculty annually for the life of grant. Teams completing Aggie I-Corps can
also gain eligibility to the National NSF I-Corps, which includes a $50,000
award per team. NMSU had five teams win National NSF I-Corps awards in 2015 and
seeks to increase the number of winners with the addition of the I-Corps Site.

The main goal of Aggie I-Corps is to produce successful startup businesses and
foster commercialization of innovative research. Studio G Director Kramer
Winingham will manage the I-Corps Site and the Aggie I-Corps program.

"As an I-Corps Site we will be able support the great innovations from NMSU
students and faculty by providing funding, training and access to follow-on
opportunities to bring their innovations to market," Winingham said.

Arrowhead Center was created to be an engine for sustainable economic
development, ultimately improving quality of life in the state of New Mexico.
Under Arrowhead, Studio G was created as NMSU's Student Business Accelerator to
help students start businesses. The recent growth of Studio G - now serving over
150 student entrepreneurs working on more than 80 ventures - was a key factor
for NMSU to be selected as an I-Corps Site.

"This competitive federal grant represents the recognition of the critical
importance of innovation in the economic future of our nation, and of the
readiness of NMSU to be a major contributor to commercialization and student
entrepreneurship," said Kathy Hansen, director of Arrowhead Center.

To read more about the NSF I-Corps Sites, Teams, and Curriculum, visit
nsf.gov/news/special_reports/i-corps/.

- Lauren Goldstein, poet@ad.nmsu.edu

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: lru


                       Copyright 2016 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Federal Aviation Administration: Economist AWA-APO-15-SP03790-39868

LENGTH: 2717  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Economist

Department:Department Of Transportation

Agency:Federal Aviation Administration

Job Announcement Number:AWA-APO-15-SP03790-39868
SALARY RANGE:
 $76,284.00 to $144,583.00 / Per Year
The salary listed above includes the 24.22% locality rate for the Washington, DC
Metropolitan Area.
OPEN PERIOD:
 Friday, February 20, 2015 to Friday, March 13, 2015
SERIES & GRADE:
 FV-0110-I/J
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full Time - Permanent
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current or Former Federal Employees & EVHO
Click here for definition of EVHO.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

Business Component: Office of Policy, International Affairs, and Environment
(APL-1), Office of Aviation Policy and Plans (APO-1), Economic Analysis Division
(APO-300)

No Permanent Change of Station (PCS) payments are authorized.
KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A one-year probationary period may be required.
    Position is subject to a background investigation.

DUTIES:
Back to top

To qualify for this position at the FV-110-I level:
Incumbent will serve as an economist in the Office of Policy and Plans. The
incumbent will work as a member of teams responsible for developing proposed
safety, operational and other rules. He or she will specifically be responsible
to assess the economic impact of proposed regulations, work with agency
rulemaking teams to identify cost and benefit drivers of each rule, and develop
full benefit/cost analysis of proposed and final rules.

Incumbent will perform benefit/cost reviews and analyses for Airport Improvement
Program (AIP) grants and Air Traffic Organization (ATO) grants and other FAA
investment decisions. He or she will be specifically responsible for review of
Benefit/Cost Analyses submitted to FAA in support of AIP grant applications,
performing benefit/cost analyses in support of the ATO Contract Tower Program,
and in support of landing aid investment decisions.

Incumbent will conduct analyses in support of transportation policy development,
legislative proposals and other initiatives as required. He or she will be
specifically responsible for conducting economic analyses in support of
administration and congressional proposals and apply economic theory to solve
problems. He or she will also participate in review and updating of FAA
investment decision economic criteria and guidance materials.

In all of these areas, the incumbent will collect data and analyze large
databases, prepare written documentation to support their work including full
regulatory analyses for inclusion in the rule documentation, and to discuss the
regulatory evaluation and other analyses with senior management and other
economists in the FAA, Department of Transportation and Office of Management and
Budget. The job requires contact with specialists in other FAA offices as well
as industry and others who have information needed to develop regulatory and
other analyses.


To qualify for this position at the FV-110-J level:
Incumbent will serve as an economist in the Office of Policy and Plans. The
incumbent will work as a member of teams responsible for developing proposed
safety, operational and other rules. He or she will specifically be responsible
to assess the economic impact of proposed regulations, work with agency
rulemaking teams to identify cost and benefit drivers of each rule, and develop
full benefit/cost analysis of proposed and final rules.

Incumbent will perform benefit/cost reviews and analyses for Airport Improvement
Program (AIP) grants and Air Traffic Organization (ATO) grants and other FAA
investment decisions. He or she will be specifically responsible for review of
Benefit/Cost Analyses submitted to FAA in support of AIP grant applications,
performing benefit/cost analyses in support of the ATO Contract Tower Program,
and in support of landing aid investment decisions.

Incumbent will conduct analyses in support of transportation policy development,
legislative proposals and other initiatives as required. He or she will be
specifically responsible for conducting economic analyses in support of
administration and congressional proposals. He or she will also participate in
review and updating of FAA investment decision economic criteria and guidance
materials.
In all these areas, the incumbent will prepare written documentation to support
their work including full regulatory analyses for inclusion in the rule
documentation, and to discuss the regulatory evaluation and other analyses with
senior management and other economists in the FAA, Department of Transportation
and Office of Management and Budget. The job requires contact with specialists
in other FAA offices as well as industry and others who have information needed
to develop regulatory and other analyses.
QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

BASIC REQUIREMENTS: To qualify for this position applicants must demonstrate in
their application possession of one of the following: (A) Degree: economics,
that included at least 21 semester hours in economics and 3 semester hours in
statistics, accounting, or calculus; OR (B) Combination of education and
experience -- courses equivalent to a major in economics, as shown in A above,
plus appropriate experience or additional education.

Examples of qualifying experience include: individual economic research
assignments requiring planning, information assembly, analysis and evaluation,
conclusions and report preparation; supervisory or project coordination
assignments involving a staff of professional economists, and requiring the
evaluation and interpretation of economic information; or teaching assignments
in a college or university that included both class instruction in economics
subjects and one of the following: personal research that produced evidence of
results, direction of graduate theses in economics, or service as a consultant
or advisor on technical economics problems. Experience in related fields that
did not involve the use and understanding of economic principles and theories
may not be used as qualifying experience for these positions. Special attention
on this point should be given to certain types of work that may or may not have
provided professional economic experience. The following examples of work
require special care in such determinations: economic statistics; industrial
surveys; management of individual business enterprises, including farms;
industrial planning; writing or editorial work in economic subjects; and
financial market analysis.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: In addition to the basic qualification requirements
listed above, all applicants must demonstrate one year (52 weeks) of specialized
experience equivalent to the next lower grade level or pay band level in the
Federal service. To qualify for the FV-J band, all applicants must demonstrate
one year (52 weeks) of specialized experience equivalent the FG/GS-13 or FV-I
band level. Specialized experience is defined as experience which is in or
directly related to the line of work of the position to be filled and which has
equipped the applicant with particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to
successfully perform the duties of that position.

EXAMPLES OF SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE include, but are not limited to:
Experience in conducting economic analyses in support of administration and
congressional proposals; experience in reviewing and updating investment
decision economic criteria and guidance materials; experience in writing
documentation to support economic or regulatory analyses, as well as, discuss
the analyses with senior management internally and externally.

Evaluation Criteria

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSA)
1. Knowledge of analytical and research techniques (i.e. econometrics,
mathematical economics, or operations research).
2. Skill in applying economic theory to solve problems and skill in collecting
and analyzing large databases.
3. Skill in preparing and communicating the results of analysis to diverse
audiences.
4. Skill in performing economic cost-benefit analysis.

IMPORTANT: Ensure that your work experience supports your Knowledge, Skills and
Abilities (KSA) answers. Your answers and associated work experience will be
evaluated further to validate whether the answers that you selected are
appropriate. Answers may be adjusted by a Human Resource Specialist as
appropriate.

We are not accepting applications from noncitizens.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Applicants may be rated on the extent and quality of experience, education, and
training relevant to the duties of the position(s). All answers provided in the
on-line process must be substantiated.

To preview the application questionnaire, click the following link: View
Application Questionnaire
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at: http://www.faa.gov/jobs/working_here/benefits/


OTHER INFORMATION:
We may use this vacancy to fill other similar vacant positions.
Travel may be required.
Position may be subject to a background investigation.
A one-year probationary period may be required.
The person selected for this position may be required to file a financial
disclosure statement within 30 days of entry on duty. FAA policy limits certain
outside employment and financial investments in aviation-related companies.

1. As a part of the Federal-Wide Hiring Reform Initiative (streamlining the
hiring process), the FAA is committed to eliminating the use of the Knowledge,
Skills and Ability (KSA) narratives from the initial application in the hiring
process for all external announcements. Therefore, as an applicant for this
external announcement, you are NOT required to provide a narrative response for
each KSA. In lieu of providing a narrative response for each KSA, your work
history should include examples of related experience that describes how you
meet the answer you chose for each KSA. Your experience examples should be
specific and clearly reflect your highest level of ability. Your experience
examples may be subject to verification.
2. Financial Disclosure: The person selected for this position may be required
to file a financial disclosure statement within 30 days of entry on duty. FAA
policy limits certain outside employment and financial investments in
aviation-related companies.
3. To verify educational requirements, applicants must provide a copy of their
unofficial/official transcript verifying degree on or by the closing date of
this vacancy announcement.
4. Applicants must apply on-line via (www.usajobs.gov) for employment
consideration. Applications must have a status of "Submitted" before 11:59PM
(midnight) EST on the closing date of the vacancy announcement for it to be
accepted. Applications submitted via email or fax WILL NOT be considered.
5. This position is also being announced under external vacancy announcement
number AWA-APO-15-SP03790-39872 as open to All Sources / all U.S. Civilians.
Please review both vacancy announcements to determine if you are eligible to
apply.
6. Veteran's Preference: Applicants who are claiming veteran's preference must
submit supporting documentation (DD-214, dated VA letter and SF-15) on or before
the closing date of the vacancy announcement. Supporting documentation must be
uploaded to your outline application or faxed to 202-267-7032 or 1-866-291-3009.
You must reference the vacancy announcement number on the cover letter of your
faxed documents. If you fail to submit documentation, you will be assessed as a
non-veteran.
7. This is a bargaining unit position.

This is a bargaining unit position.

Links to Important Information: Locality Pay, COLA, Citizenship
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
You must apply online to receive consideration. Your application must have a
status of "Received" by 11:59 PM Eastern Time on the Close Date for it to be
accepted. If you are applying for positions associated with FAA registers, your
application must have a status of "Received" each time a referral list is
created in order to receive consideration for positions associated with
register.

IN DESCRIBING YOUR WORK EXPERIENCE AND/OR EDUCATION, PLEASE BE CLEAR AND
SPECIFIC REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE OR EDUCATION.

We strongly encourage applicants to utilize the USAJOBS resume builder in the
creation of resumes.

Please ensure EACH work history includes ALL of the following information:

Job Title (include series and grade if Federal Job)
    Duties (be specific in describing your duties)
    Employer's name and address
    Supervisor name and phone number
    Start and end dates including month, day and year (e.g. June 18 2007 to
April 05 2008)
    Full-time or part-time status (include hours worked per week)
    Salary

Determining length of General or Specialized Experience is dependent on the
above information and failure to provide ALL of this information may result in a
finding of ineligible.

You may upload completed documents to your USAJOBS Account. This will provide
you the opportunity to utilize the uploaded information again when applying for
future vacancies. Please see this guide, Document Upload Guide, for more
information on uploading and re-using the documents in your applications.

Forms:
        SF-15  : Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
To verify educational requirements, applicants must provide a copy of their
unofficial/official transcript verifying degree on or by the closing date of
this vacancy announcement.

Supporting Documentation: Supporting documentation must be uploaded to your
online application or faxed to 202-267-7032 or 1-866-291-3009 on or before THE
CLOSING DATE of this announcement. You must reference the vacancy announcement
number on the cover letter of your faxed documents.

Applicants claiming eligibility for the Expanded Veterans Hiring Opportunity
(EVHO), MUST submit a DD Form 214 reflecting character of service to verify
eligibility by the closing date of the announcement as requested by the Human
Resource Office. Eligibility for EVHO will be considered based on applicable
documentation submitted by the closing date.
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Human Resource Services Division
Phone: 202-267-8012
Fax: 866-291-3009
Email: 9-AWA-AHR-200-VACANCYINQUIRY@FAA.GOV
Agency Information:
Federal Aviation Administration
Human Resources Services Division, AHP-200
800 Independence Avenue, SW
Room 523
Washington, DC
20591
US
Fax: 866-291-3009
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
Candidates for FAA positions are evaluated using our Automated Vacancy
Information Access Tool for Online Referral (AVIATOR) system. AVIATOR compares
your skills and experience as described in your application with the
requirements of the position. If you are found to be an eligible,
highly-qualified candidate, you will be referred to the selecting official for
further consideration. (In some cases, individuals with priority for special
consideration must be considered and selected before other candidates.) Whether
or not you are contacted for an interview depends upon the location of the
position and the judgment of the selecting official.

Important - If you make any change to your application, you must resubmit it. If
you change your application and do not resubmit it, your changes will not be
considered part of your application package, and your previous application will
be considered.
FAA is an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will be considered regardless of political affiliation,
race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital
status, age, disability, or other non-merit factors. DOT provides reasonable
accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable
accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify
us. Decisions on granting reasonable accommodation will be made on a
case-by-case basis. Additional information on reasonable accommodations
procedures or on EEO Programs is available on Office of Civil Rights (ACR) or by
contacting the local FAA Civil Rights Office.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

Agriculture Chairwoman Stabenow Announces Support for City of St. Louis Police
Department, City Hall

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture,
Nutrition and Forestry, today announced U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development funding for the City of St. Louis. The funding will be used to help
purchase a new police vehicle for the St. Louis Police Department and renovate
an existing building into a new city hall and police department.

"This rural development funding is welcome news for St. Louis families, who
depend on local services each and every day," Stabenow said. "This support will
help local law enforcement continue to perform their duties and protect the
public."

The St. Louis Police Department will receive a $19,000 Economic Impact
Initiative grant to help replace an aging patrol vehicle. The city will also
receive a Community Facility Direct loan of $1,600,000 to renovate an old
grocery store building into a new city hall and police department.

Sen. Stabenow is Chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition
and Forestry, which has jurisdiction over rural development projects.

For further information please visit: http://www.stabenow.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

Readers flock to the cause

BYLINE: Calum Ross

SECTION: NEWS; OTHER; Others; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 342 words


More than 4,000 people have now given their backing to the Press and Journal's
campaign to save the historic Fort George barracks.

The Fight for Fort George initiative has been inundated with support from
Highland residents, ex-service personnel and their families, politicians and
celebrities such as film star Hugh Grant.

The campaign was launched at the end of June after it emerged the 250-year-old
garrison had been earmarked for closure in a Ministry of Defence review.

As of last night, almost 2,000 people had backed our online petition against the
move, while more than 1,800 others made their opinions known using the Press and
Journal's cut-out postal petition.

Local MP Drew Hendry revealed yesterday that he and his staff had gathered a
further 300 signatures during the weekend, including at the Nairn Highland
Games, pushing the total beyond the 4,000 mark.

The Press and Journal and Mr Hendry intend to hand the petition into 10 Downing
Street later this week. He said: "When we went around the Nairn Highland Games,
people were approaching us to ask to sign the petition. It's clearly something
people feel very strongly about. When people are made aware of what it is being
proposed, they are appalled."

Built after the Battle of Culloden, Fort George is owned by the MoD and is
occupied as an Army barracks 365 days a year, although the site is also operated
by Historic Environment Scotland on behalf of Scottish ministers as a visitor
attraction.

The base has been home to the famous Black Watch battalion for almost a decade
and attracts 55,000 visitors every year.

Studies carried out into its economic impact have revealed that its closure
could cost £14million and lead to the loss of 112 jobs.

Actor Hugh Grant, whose grandfather commanded the garrison after World War II,
was one of the first to sign the petition, stating he was "horrified" by the
proposal.

The MoD has insisted that no final decisions have been taken over its future and
that the results of its footprint review will be announced this autumn.

Petition at Games, Page 9

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SIGNED UP: MP Drew Hendry and his staff gathered 300 signatures at
Nairn Highland Games

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2016 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                          February 16, 2011 Wednesday
                              North Wales Edition

Eisteddfod to boost economy by up to pounds 8m;
60 firms learning how to benefit

BYLINE: ROB DAVIES

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 431 words


REPRESENTATIVES from 60 North Wales firms will hold a business breakfast in
Wrexham tomorrow to discuss how to benefit from the National Eisteddfod coming
to the area this year.

The event at the Ramada Plaza Hotelwill also offer a chance to learn how to
develop Welsh within their businesses and use more Welsh - particularly during
the time of the festival when between 150,00 and 160,000 visitors are expected.

It is hoped that the Eisteddfod will boost the local economy by between pounds
6-pounds 8 million.

The Business Breakfast is being organised by the Welsh Language Board in
conjunction with the National Eisteddfod.

Meirion Prys Jones, Chief Executive of the Welsh Language Board, said: "The
Eisteddfod is an opportunity to celebrate the culture of Wales and we at the
Board are keen to help businesses across the region to provide a warm Welsh
welcome to the Eisteddfod visitors.

"Our Business Support Team already works with a number of local companies,
offering support and guidance and we look forward to working with further
businesses as the Eisteddfod draws nearer."

Hywel Wyn Edwards, National Eisteddfod Organiser, predicted that the Eisteddfod
would be good for business "especially during the week itself when thousands of
people flock to the festival from all over Wales and further afield," he said.

"Our aim, in holding this breakfast, and by producing a special information pack
for the private sector, is to provide guidance on how to be a part of this
positive economic impact on the area from hosting the Eisteddfod."

The breakfast will also be an opportunity to hear about a new grant scheme
administrated by Menter Iaith Maelor (Language Initiative), which could offer up
to pounds 1,600 to local rural businesses keen to develop their use of Welsh.

Those interested can email busnes@menteriaithmaelor.org for further information.

The breakfast is fully booked, but if any business is interested in learning
more about the Welsh Language Board and National Eisteddfod's work, they should
e-mail post@byig-wlb.org.uk or gwyb@eisteddfod.org.uk

. The Wrexham and District National Eisteddfod will be held on land at Lower
Berse farm, off Ruthin Road, Wrexham, between July 30 and August 6. For further
information on the event, log on to www.eisteddfod.org.uk.

The website will also provide details for firms wishing to book a trade stand at
the Eisteddfod, and the costs of doing so.

More information on the Welsh Language Board and the provisions of the new Welsh
language legislation is available online now at the website www.byig-wlb.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Business boost: the National Eisteddfod

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2011 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2016 Friday

Texas: Riparian, stream ecosystem workshop set for Dec. 7 in Kenedy

LENGTH: 742  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: A & M AgriLife Research, The state of Taxas has issued the following
news release:



 The Texas Water Resources Institute's Texas Riparian and Stream Ecosystem
Education Program will host a free workshop from 8:45 a.m.-4:30 p.m. Dec. 7 in
Kenedy for area residents interested in land and water stewardship in the lower
San Antonio River watershed.





 The morning session will be at the Kenedy City Auditorium, 303 W. Main St. The
afternoon session will include a walk and presentations along the river near the
auditorium.



 The workshop is co-hosted by the San Antonio River Authority and the Texas A&M
AgriLife Extension Service in Karnes County.



 "The Riparian and Stream Ecosystem workshop is being brought to this area in
connection with the new Texas Gulf Coast Stream and Wetland Initiative, funded
by a U.S. Department of Agriculture Natural Resources Conservation Service
program," said Nikki Dictson, Texas Water Resources Institute AgriLife Extension
program specialist, College Station.
 Aarin Teague, senior engineer for the San Antonio River Authority, said the
Texas Gulf Coast Stream and Wetland Initiative is an innovative and large-scale
effort to improve the water quality, water quantity and soil health in addition
to reducing erosion throughout the 54-county area.



 She said the San Antonio River Authority has partnered with the Resource
Institute of North Carolina to provide matching resources for this initiative
within the river authority's four-county jurisdiction that includes Bexar,
Wilson, Karnes and Goliad counties.



 "SARA is looking to partner with landowners willing to participate in stream
stabilization projects for this initiative," Teague said.



 Dictson said the workshop will focus on the nature and function of stream and
riparian zones as well as the benefits and economic impacts from properly
functioning riparian systems.



 "Riparian areas - the green vegetated land area adjacent to the bank of a
stream, creek, bayou, river or lake - are unique and important ecosystems that
provide many benefits including habitat and forage," Dictson said. "The goal of
the workshop is for participants to better understand riparian and watershed
processes, the benefits of healthy riparian areas and what resources are
available to prevent degradation while improving water quality."



 Workshop presentations will be given by representatives of the Texas Water
Resources Institute, U.S. Department of Agriculture's Natural Resources
Conservation Service, AgriLife Extension, Texas Parks and Wildlife Department,
Texas A&M Forest Service and San Antonio River Authority.



 All attendees must RSVP by to Dictson at 979-458-5915 or n-dictson@tamu.edu, or
online at http://texasriparian.org/trainings/upcoming-training-locations/.



 The program will include a lunchtime presentation. The San Antonio River
Authority is providing a free sandwich lunch for participants who RSVP by Nov.
30.



 Dictson said they are able to offer the workshop without cost thanks to program
funding provided through a Clean Water Act nonpoint source grant from the Texas
State Soil and Water Conservation Board and the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency.



 Meagan Dennison, AgriLife Extension family and consumer sciences agent for
Karnes County, said participants will receive a certificate of completion and
appropriate continuing education unit certificates at the conclusion of the
training.



 The workshop offers many types of continuing education units, including three
units  -- two general and one integrated pest management -- for Texas Department
of Agriculture pesticide license holders. Foresters and professional loggers can
receive six hours from the Texas Forestry Association and 6.5 hours from Society
of American Foresters. It offers one unit from the Texas Water Resources
Institute, seven credits from Texas Floodplain Management Association, seven
hours for Certified Crop Advisors, seven hours from Texas Board of Professional
Land Surveying, and six hours for Texas Nutrient Management Planning
specialists. The program may also be used for continuing education units for
professional engineers.



 The riparian education program is managed by the Texas Water Resources
Institute, part of Texas A&M AgriLife Research, AgriLife Extension and the
College of Agriculture and Life Sciences at Texas A&M University.



 In case of any qauery regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday

Texas: Riparian, stream ecosystem workshop set for Dec. 7 in Kenedy

LENGTH: 742  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: A & M AgriLife Research, The state of Taxas has issued the following
news release:



 The Texas Water Resources Institute's Texas Riparian and Stream Ecosystem
Education Program will host a free workshop from 8:45 a.m.-4:30 p.m. Dec. 7 in
Kenedy for area residents interested in land and water stewardship in the lower
San Antonio River watershed.





 The morning session will be at the Kenedy City Auditorium, 303 W. Main St. The
afternoon session will include a walk and presentations along the river near the
auditorium.



 The workshop is co-hosted by the San Antonio River Authority and the Texas A&M
AgriLife Extension Service in Karnes County.



 "The Riparian and Stream Ecosystem workshop is being brought to this area in
connection with the new Texas Gulf Coast Stream and Wetland Initiative, funded
by a U.S. Department of Agriculture Natural Resources Conservation Service
program," said Nikki Dictson, Texas Water Resources Institute AgriLife Extension
program specialist, College Station.
 Aarin Teague, senior engineer for the San Antonio River Authority, said the
Texas Gulf Coast Stream and Wetland Initiative is an innovative and large-scale
effort to improve the water quality, water quantity and soil health in addition
to reducing erosion throughout the 54-county area.



 She said the San Antonio River Authority has partnered with the Resource
Institute of North Carolina to provide matching resources for this initiative
within the river authority's four-county jurisdiction that includes Bexar,
Wilson, Karnes and Goliad counties.



 "SARA is looking to partner with landowners willing to participate in stream
stabilization projects for this initiative," Teague said.



 Dictson said the workshop will focus on the nature and function of stream and
riparian zones as well as the benefits and economic impacts from properly
functioning riparian systems.



 "Riparian areas - the green vegetated land area adjacent to the bank of a
stream, creek, bayou, river or lake - are unique and important ecosystems that
provide many benefits including habitat and forage," Dictson said. "The goal of
the workshop is for participants to better understand riparian and watershed
processes, the benefits of healthy riparian areas and what resources are
available to prevent degradation while improving water quality."



 Workshop presentations will be given by representatives of the Texas Water
Resources Institute, U.S. Department of Agriculture's Natural Resources
Conservation Service, AgriLife Extension, Texas Parks and Wildlife Department,
Texas A&M Forest Service and San Antonio River Authority.



 All attendees must RSVP by to Dictson at 979-458-5915 or n-dictson@tamu.edu, or
online at http://texasriparian.org/trainings/upcoming-training-locations/.



 The program will include a lunchtime presentation. The San Antonio River
Authority is providing a free sandwich lunch for participants who RSVP by Nov.
30.



 Dictson said they are able to offer the workshop without cost thanks to program
funding provided through a Clean Water Act nonpoint source grant from the Texas
State Soil and Water Conservation Board and the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency.



 Meagan Dennison, AgriLife Extension family and consumer sciences agent for
Karnes County, said participants will receive a certificate of completion and
appropriate continuing education unit certificates at the conclusion of the
training.



 The workshop offers many types of continuing education units, including three
units  -- two general and one integrated pest management -- for Texas Department
of Agriculture pesticide license holders. Foresters and professional loggers can
receive six hours from the Texas Forestry Association and 6.5 hours from Society
of American Foresters. It offers one unit from the Texas Water Resources
Institute, seven credits from Texas Floodplain Management Association, seven
hours for Certified Crop Advisors, seven hours from Texas Board of Professional
Land Surveying, and six hours for Texas Nutrient Management Planning
specialists. The program may also be used for continuing education units for
professional engineers.



 The riparian education program is managed by the Texas Water Resources
Institute, part of Texas A&M AgriLife Research, AgriLife Extension and the
College of Agriculture and Life Sciences at Texas A&M University.



 In case of any qauery regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 999 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                October 6, 2016

                                 Allergan, Inc.

                               2525 Dupont Drive
                                  Irvine 92612
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Orange County Business Council Study Showcases Economic Impact of Allergan on
California Economy

   Sep 27, 2016

   A new study conducted by the Orange County Business Council (OCBC) found that
Allergan's California operations generated a combined annual economic activity
in the state of approximately $6.35 billion and net economic impact of $3.45
billion.The economic impact is a direct result of the Company&#39s strong
influence on employment in the state, generating more than 16,600 direct,
indirect and induced jobs, with annual total statewide labor income of ~$1.55
billion.The economic impact study, titled "The Economic Impact of Allergan on
the California Economy," was conducted and developed by Dr. Wallace Walrod,
Chief Economic Adviser, at the Orange County Business Council. "The findings of
this study clearly showcase the value and leadership of Allergan within our
local and state economies, adding significant economic impact and contribution
to California&#39s highly skilled labor force. &nbspAllergan&#39s success is a
testament to the importance of attracting and retaining strong, growing
companies to Orange County, and California&mdashensuring we have a growing,
vibrant economy for years to come," Dr. Walrod said. "Since our founding in Los
Angeles in 1948, and throughout our history in Southern California, Allergan has
been very proud of the significant impact we&#39ve had on this region and the
State of California for nearly 70 years. Our more than 2,000 employees in
California today, and the many that came before them, have discovered and
developed some of the most innovative medicines and products in our industry.
These medicines have had a profound impact on the care of patients in more than
100 countries around the world," said Brent Saunders, President and CEO of
Allergan. "Allergan&#39s rich history and impact for patients has not been
achieved alone. Our success has been made possible by being in a supportive
business environment &ndashaccess to a highly skilled workforce, collaboration
with leading medical professionals and institutions like the University of
California at Irvine, and the unwavering support of local, state and federal
elected officials and trade associations make Orange County and California a
great business partner for companies like Allergan." Additional findings from
the OCBC study include: <ul><li>Allergan&#39s California operations generated
annual total statewide labor income of approximately $1.55 billion, providing
value added benefits of $3.45 billion to the state.</li><li>Allergan is a
significant contributor to California state and local tax revenue. In 2016,
combined taxes paid directly by Allergan in the state are expected to exceed
$108 million.</li><li>Allergan&#39s California workforce earns annual
compensation, including benefits, of more than $438 million in total
compensation, with average annual compensation for Allergan employees of more
than $200,000, far exceeding the state&#39s average annual wage of
$55,260.[1]</li><li>The Allergan Foundation, a U.S.-based, private charitable
foundation committed to providing a lasting and positive impact in the
communities in which Allergan plc employees live and work, has a long history of
providing charitable grants and philanthropy in the state. Between 2011 and
2016, the Foundation provided grants to more than 450 California organizations
totaling more than $11 million.</li></ul>"Allergan has been an integral part of
the Orange County business and innovation ecosystem that has helped advance our
economy," said Bill Carpou, CEO of OCTANe. "We have enjoyed a special
relationship that has helped cultivate new companies and drive innovation
utilizing our LaunchPad accelerator and deep expertise from the Allergan
community. Together we will continue to build a robust ecosystem that will
advance our business community and fuel this ecosystem that has made Orange
County one of the best hubs for innovation in the U.S." "California is one of
the most vibrant biopharmaceutical innovation ecosystems in our nation. We are
home to more than 145,000 people who work for biopharmaceutical companies
responsible for delivering medical innovation that can improve lives for people
around the world," said Diane Harkey, Vice-Chair, California State Board of
Equalization. "It is important that we support the continued growth and success
of this industry, with leading companies like Allergan, by ensuring a positive
business landscape that allows them to thrive in discovering, developing and
providing valuable, life-enhancing medicines and treatments for millions of
Americans."


Allergan Standardizes Energy Management With EnerNOC's Energy Intelligence
Software

   Feb 24, 2016

   EnerNOC, Inc., a leading provider of energy intelligence software (EIS),
announced that Allergan, a diversified global pharmaceutical company, has
purchased EnerNOC's EIS to centralize its energy management and sustainability
reporting across its portfolio of manufacturing, R&D, and office sites."After
significant M&A activity, we wanted to enhance our energy management strategy
with the goals of increasing visibility, optimizing energy procurement, and
identifying missed opportunities at the top of our priority list," said Thomas
Pagliuco, Director of Global Energy Engineering at Allergan. "EnerNOC's EIS will
allow us to navigate the additional complexities of purchasing energy and
managing our energy expenses across our expanded global footprint, and help
ensure we stay on track to meet our corporate efficiency and sustainability
goals."With EnerNOC's software, Allergan will standardize energy management
across its entire portfolio, allowing for improved budgeting, forecasting, and
energy expense management. Sustainability reporting and efficiency projects will
be visible in one platform, enabling Allergan employees to track, prioritize,
and assess the progress of energy management initiatives. Allergan will utilize
EnerNOC's online auction platform to meet its renewable procurement targets and
achieve the best possible price in all of its energy transactions. "Global
pharmaceutical companies like Allergan have complicated energy requirements and
processes that must meet stringent regulatory standards in addition to corporate
goals around budgeting, sustainability, and productivity," said Eric Erston,
Vice President of Global Sales at EnerNOC. "With EnerNOC's EIS, companies can
address compliance obligations while also achieving profitability and
sustainability objectives."


Berks County Plastic Surgery Practice Now Offering INSPIRA Breast Implants

   Sep 17, 2015

   Breast augmentation is one of the most popular plastic surgery procedures in
the United States with some of the highest patient satisfaction rates. Implant
technology has continued to evolve in step with consumer demand, increasing
success rates and providing more personalization options with each new
generation of implants.Board certified plastic surgeon Brian K. Reedy, MD prides
himself on vetting the latest breast augmentation devices and techniques to
ensure he offers patients optimal safety and results. To that end, he is proud
to announce the newest breast implant option available at Berks Plastic Surgery:
Allergan's Natrelle INSPIRAâ¢ smooth round silicone gel implants. INSPIRA is one
of the newest silicone gel breast implants to gain FDA approval in the United
States."Patient safety and satisfaction are my primary goals, so I offer
patients a variety of proven choices when it comes to breast implants," says Dr.
Reedy. "Adding INSPIRA to our selection of breast implant options will give our
patients an exciting new option." INSPIRA implants are the newest innovation in
the Natrelle product line, filled with the same FDA-approved silicone gel that
Natrelle has been using for over a decade. The implants have been available in
Canada since 2011 and recently gained approval here in the U.S. The benefits of
INSPIRA are numerous and include a higher fill ratio than other implant styles,
effectively reducing the risk of rippling or implant visibility. The larger
quantities of silicone gel also create a fuller look that mirrors natural
breasts. The implants are full projection and available in either responsive gel
or Soft Touchâ¢ gel. "From my experience, INSPIRA implants look and feel very
similar to natural breast tissue," says Dr. Reedy. "Many of my patients seek
very natural looking and feeling breast enhancement, and I believe that these
new implants can help them achieve that goal." INSPIRA includes layers of high
performance silicone elastomer to enhance the integrity of the outer silicone
shell. There are currently two shell options available from Natrelle: textured
and smooth. A board certified plastic surgeon can help each patient determine
which type is best for them. "Natrelle implants have an excellent reputation for
safety, quality, and patient satisfaction, making them a great choice for any
woman hoping to improve her breast size and shape through breast augmentation,"
notes Dr. Reedy. "However, women should know it is critical to consult with a
board certified plastic surgeon regarding which breast implant options will work
best for an individual's goals and unique anatomy."


Akorn Inc's Hi-Tech Pharmacal infringes Allergan glaucoma drug patents

   Aug 04, 2015

   Acorn Inc's Hi-Tech Pharmacal Co, Inc infringed three Allergan Inc patents on
its Lumigan topical glaucoma treatment, a U.S. appeals court ruled on Tuesday.
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit also said five of Allergan's
Lumigan patents were valid. The case stems from lawsuits Allergan filed in 2011
against Hi-Tech, Novartis AG, and Lupin over proposed generic versions of
Lumigan.


Allergan Kicks off REFRESH AMERICA Program to Supply First Responders With Free
Eye Drops

   Jul 28, 2015

   First responders often work in conditions that can take a toll on their eyes.
Exposure to heat, smoke, wind and dust may cause Dry Eye symptoms, such as
irritated and painful eyes.This is part of the day-to-day environmental
challenges they must endure in order to do their job -- saving lives. That is
why today, Allergan is announcing the REFRESH AMERICA campaign to help our
nation's best perform and alleviate their discomfort from dry eye. Every
purchase of specially-marked packages in the REFRESH OPTIVEÂ® product line
between 8/1/15 - 7/31/16 will lead to donations of REFRESHÂ® eye drops to select
first responder groups nationwide. Allergan guarantees a minimum product
donation with an approximate retail value of $250,000, regardless of the number
of eligible products sold during the campaign period."We are pleased that we can
offer comfort to first responders working in smoky and dusty conditions with
quality eye care products," said Brent Saunders, CEO, Allergan. "REFRESHÂ® is
the number one doctor recommended brand of artificial tears, and we hope this
philanthropic program will provide much-needed relief to the men and women who
keep us safe." Being in an environment with conditions that are severely dry,
dusty and windy may result in development of Dry Eye symptoms.[1] REFRESH
OPTIVEÂ® Advanced Lubricant Eye Drops, also available in a preservative-free
formula, provide long-lasting relief through an innovative, triple-action
formula. "There are an estimated 25 million Dry Eye sufferers in the United
States.[2] More specifically, I see first responders in my practice who complain
of eye dryness, burning and irritation brought on by environmental hazards like
dust and smoke which are inherent to their work," said Marguerite McDonald, MD,
FACS, board-certified ophthalmologist, Ophthalmic Consultants of Long Island. "I
recommend REFRESH OPTIVEÂ®Advanced products to my patients because they are
clinically proven to lubricate for Dry Eye relief, hydrate the eye surface cells
and help protect your natural tears from evaporating." Allergan's partnership
with the U.S. First Responders Association will help designate where REFRESHÂ®
eye drop donations will do the most good for our nation's best. "I am thrilled
that we are able to partner with Allergan for REFRESH AMERICA," said Traycee
Biancamano, CEO, U.S. First Responders Association. "As a first responder, I
know first-hand the dedication first responders put into their jobs each and
every day, as well as the risks they face. Allergan's generous contribution is a
great way to give back and take care of those who are saving lives."


Demand For Hyaluronic Acid Facial Fillers In The U.S. Increases By 8 Percent

   Mar 02, 2015

   According to statistics released by the American Society of Plastic Surgeons
(ASPS), the use of Hyaluronic Acid (HA) dermal fillers, such as the
JUVÃ[0/00]DERM family of fillers continues to increase.The ASPS data shows that
between 2013 to 2014, HA filler treatments increased by 8 percent.1 This growth
is supported by marketplace data which shows U.S. unit sales of HA dermal
fillers were up by 17 percent in 2014.2"These findings are consistent with what
I see every day in my practice. Over the past few years, I have noticed a sharp
increase in patients asking about non-surgical treatments such as dermal
fillers. Patients are looking for aesthetic treatments that are relatively
quick," said Dr. David Bank, Assistant Clinical Professor of Dermatology at
Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center in New York. "HA fillers, like the
JUVÃ[0/00]DERMÂ® family of fillers, are made from a modified form of hyaluronic
acid, which is a natural substance that occurs within the body. JUVÃ[0/00]DERMÂ®
XC and JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAÂ® XC each offer patients natural-looking and
long-lasting results." Dermal fillers, also known as "soft-tissue fillers," do
just what their name suggest: an HA filler like JUVÃ[0/00]DERMÂ® XC can be used
to fill in the area under the skin to help temporarily diminish facial lines.
While a product like JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAÂ® XC can help restore volume lost due
to aging to the cheek area. "Every day patients ask me for more information on
dermal fillers," said Dr. Bank. "Here are the top five things I believe everyone
considering treatment with a dermal filler should know."


Allergan Reports Fourth Quarter 2014 Operating Results

   Feb 04, 2015

   Allergan, Inc. announced operating results for the quarter ended December 31,
2014.Allergan also announced that its Board of Directors has declared a fourth
quarter dividend of $0.05 per share, payable on March 20, 2015 to stockholders
of record on February 9, 2015.Operating Results Attributable to Stockholders
from Continuing Operations For the quarter ended December 31, 2014:
<ul><li>Allergan reported $1.77 diluted earnings per share attributable to
stockholders compared to $1.04 diluted earnings per share attributable to
stockholders for the fourth quarter of 2013.</li><li>Allergan reported $2.17
non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders compared to
$1.35 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders for the
fourth quarter of 2013, a 60.7 percent increase.</li></ul>Product Sales For the
quarter ended December 31, 2014: <ul><li>Allergan reported $1,889.0 million
total product net sales. Total product net sales increased 13.8 percent, or 17.2
percent on a constant currency basis, compared to total product net sales in the
fourth quarter of 2013.</li><li>Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales
increased 12.4 percent, or 15.3 percent on a constant currency basis, compared
to total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the fourth quarter of
2013.</li><li>Total core medical devices net sales increased 20.7 percent, or
26.9 percent on a constant currency basis, compared to total core medical
devices net sales in the fourth quarter of 2013.</li></ul>"Allergan yet again
recorded in the fourth quarter the strongest increase in absolute dollar sales
in any quarter in our history driven by exceptional performance across all of
our businesses and geographic regions. This is a tribute to the focus of our
employees during the unsolicited acquisition attempt," said David E.I. Pyott,
Allergan's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. "Furthermore, we
are excited about the acquisition by Actavis, with the vision of creating the
most dynamic company in a new category of Growth Pharma companies." Operating
Highlights For the quarter ended December 31, 2014: <ul><li>Non-GAAP diluted
earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.17 substantially exceeded
the outlook provided at time of announcement of the third quarter results of
between $1.80 and $1.83 due to strong sales and strict control of
expenses.</li><li>Record non-GAAP gross margin of 89.1%.</li><li>Near record low
number of days sales outstanding of 44 days with U.S. wholesaler inventory
levels of our specialty pharmaceuticals products at the low end of our stated
policy levels.</li><li>Record absolute dollar sales growth of approximately $285
million on a constant currency basis, driven by mid-teens sales growth across
all of our principal geographic markets, namely the United States, Europe, Latin
America and Asia Pacific.</li><li>Double digit sales growth in all businesses on
a constant currency basis.</li></ul>For the full year ended December 31, 2014:
<ul><li>Greatest absolute dollar sales growth of over $1 billion on a constant
currency basis, a record in Allergan's 66 year corporate
history.</li><li>Operating cash flow after capital expenditures was
approximately $1.7 billion.</li><li>Based on internal information and
assumptions, full year 2014 therapeutic sales accounted for approximately 55% of
BOTOXÂ® (onabotulinumtoxinA) sales and increased approximately 15% compared to
2013. Full year 2014 aesthetic sales accounted for approximately 45% of total
BOTOXÂ® sales and increased approximately 10% compared to 2013.</li></ul>Product
and Pipeline Update During the fourth quarter of 2014: <ul><li>On November 12,
2014, Allergan announced that the company has received approval from the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to market two new styles, X and L, of the
NatrelleÂ® 410 Highly Cohesive Anatomically Shaped Silicone-Filled Breast
Implants for use in breast reconstruction, augmentation and revision
surgery.</li></ul>Other Events <ul><li>On January 21, 2015, Corporate Knights
announced the 100 most sustainable companies, ranking Allergan #2. Each year,
Canadian media company Corporate Knights examines companies around the world to
determine those that are best maximizing their capital and making the most
careful use of resources.</li><li>On June 5, 2014, Newsweek announced that
Allergan has been ranked the #1 Green company in the United States and the #2
Green company in the world.</li></ul>Pending Actavis Acquisition of Allergan
<ul><li>On November 17, 2014, Actavis plc ("Actavis") and Allergan announced
that they entered into a definitive agreement under which Actavis will acquire
Allergan for a combination of $129.22 in cash and 0.3683 Actavis shares for each
share of Allergan common stock. Based on the closing price of Actavis shares on
November 14, 2014, the transaction is valued at approximately $66 billion, or
$219 per Allergan share. The combination will create one of the top 10 global
pharmaceutical companies by sales revenue, with combined annual pro forma
revenues of more than $23 billion anticipated in 2015. The transaction has been
unanimously approved by the Boards of Directors of Actavis and Allergan, and is
supported by the management teams of both companies.</li><li>On January 12,
2015, Actavis and Allergan announced that the U.S. Federal Trade Commission
(FTC) has granted early termination of the waiting period under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (HSR Act) with respect to
Actavis' pending acquisition of Allergan.</li><li>Actavis and Allergan also
announced that they have set the close of business on January 22, 2015 as the
record date for determining the shareholders that will be entitled to vote at
their respective special meetings of shareholders to be held in connection with
the pending acquisition.</li><li>On January 26, 2015, Actavis and Allergan
announced that they have set March 10, 2015 as the date of their respective
special meetings of stockholders to be held in connection with Actavis' pending
acquisition of Allergan.</li></ul>


COTCHETT, PITRE & McCARTHY Files Class Action Lawsuit on Behalf of Persons Who
Sold Allergan Stock Between February 25, 2014 and April 21, 2014

   Dec 17, 2014

   COTCHETT, PITRE & McCARTHY, LLP announced that a class action has been
commenced in the United States District Court for the Central District of
California on behalf of persons who sold Allergan, Inc. common stock between
February 25, 2014 and April 21, 2014 (the Class Period).If you wish to serve as
lead plaintiff, you must move the Court no later than 60 days from December 17,
2014. If you wish to discuss this action or have any questions concerning this
notice or your rights or interests, please contact plaintiff's counsel, Mark
Molumphy of Cotchett, Pitre & McCarthy at (650) 697-6000. If you are a member of
this class, you can view a copy of the complaint online at
http://www.cpmlegal.com/cases-valeant-lawsuit.html. Any member of the putative
class may move the Court to serve as lead plaintiff through counsel of their
choice, or may choose to do nothing and remain an absent class member.The
complaint charges defendants Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc.,
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, AGMS Inc., Pershing Square Asset
Management L.P., William A. Ackman, PS Management GP, LLC, and PS Fund 1, LLC
("Defendants") with violations of Sections 14(e) and 20A of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Plaintiff alleges that Valeant unlawfully
tipped Pershing Square about its plan to make a tender offer for Allergan, with
Pershing Square then trading on such material, non-public information by buying
an approximately 9.7% stake in Allergan during the Class Period without first
disclosing Valeant's plan to pursue a tender offer to acquire Allergan at a
significant premium. When Valeant first disclosed its desire to pursue an
acquisition of Allergan to the stock market on April 22, 2014, Allergan's stock
price soared, rising from a closing price the previous day of $141.88 to close
at $163.51 on April 22, 2014 on huge volume of over 32 million shares - ten
times Allergan's average daily trading volume during the Class Period. Plaintiff
seeks to recover damages on behalf of all persons who sold Allergan stock
between February 25, 2014 and April 21, 2014, inclusive. Plaintiff alleges that
class members were damaged by selling their Allergan stock during the Class
Period at prices that did not reflect Valeant's anticipated tender offer to
acquire Allergan at a significant premium. The plaintiff is represented by
Cotchett, Pitre & McCarthy, which specializes in representing investors and has
extensive experience in prosecuting securities class actions.


Physicians Continue to Voice Strong Support for Allergan via Open Letters to the
Eye Care Community

   Nov 14, 2014

   Allergan, Inc. announced results from a recent survey of eye care
professionals and the availability of an open letter website in response to
requests from physician customers for a platform to voice their concerns
regarding the unsolicited proposal from Valeant Pharmaceuticals International,
Inc. ("Valeant") to acquire Allergan.In a national survey conducted by M3 Global
Research and sponsored by Allergan1, 604 ophthalmologists (n=300) and
optometrists (n=304) shared their perspectives on the industry and what they
value most in eye care companies.<ul><li>Nearly 97 percent of respondents stated
that eye care companies should be science-based and innovation-focused to
provide value to physicians.</li><li>More than three in four (76.8 percent)
respondents rate R&D, innovation and new product innovation as "very important,"
"extremely important" or "absolutely essential" for eye care companies, and
almost 72 percent of those respondents state that they are satisfied or very
satisfied with Allergan's R&D innovation and new product
development.</li><li>More than 75 percent of respondents stated concerns that
many large companies pursue short-term profits at the expense of long-term
investments.</li><li>More than 85 percent noted that Allergan "performs well,"
"very well" or "extremely well" as a responsible and positive corporate
partner.</li><li>Almost 69 percent are "very satisfied" or "satisfied" with
Allergan's performance and contributions supporting professional medical
societies and continuing medical education, and nearly 66 percent responded
"satisfied" or "very satisfied" when asked about Allergan's contributions
relative to patient assistance programs and educational materials.</li></ul>"The
survey results align with the consistent feedback we hear from our eye care
customers, which is that they value Allergan's commitment to its customers and
the eye care industry and are concerned about the impact of Valeant's
unsolicited proposal to acquire Allergan," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. "While a number of other
companies have entered and exited the industry over this time, Allergan has
remained committed to providing value to physicians in eye care. We continue to
focus on the same priorities of R&D investment, physician education and
training, consumer and patient education and corporate philanthropy that have
served both our customers and stockholders so well over the past years." The
open letters to the eye care community currently available on Allergan's website
state the concerns of eye care professionals regarding Valeant's unsolicited
proposal and the anticipated consequences of the attempted acquisition, noting
that an acquisition of Allergan by Valeant "would greatly decrease funding for
R&D and would thus negatively impact our practices and our ability to provide
the highest quality care to our patients." The letters have garnered nearly 700
signatures to-date, reinforcing the eye care community's support for Allergan.
Within the last week, physicians and health care professionals across the
specialty areas Allergan serves have also requested the opportunity to sign
letters of support and are now able to do so on the Allergan website. In
addition to the open letter signatories, since Valeant first approached
Allergan, the Company has received more than 500 supportive letters from
physicians, healthcare providers, patient advocacy groups and medical
associations from around the world. All physicians who sign the open letters are
doing so voluntarily and are not being compensated in any way by Allergan.


Allergan Board of Directors Announces Approval of Amendments to Company's Bylaws


   Nov 12, 2014

   Allergan, Inc. announced that its Board of Directors has approved amendments
to the Company's bylaws that streamline the process associated with calling a
special meeting of stockholders. The Board determined to amend the bylaws after
meetings with many of the Company's major stockholders and other governance
organizations to solicit their input and perspectives. Following these meetings,
the Board reached the conclusion that the benefits of certain provisions of the
bylaws, as previously formulated, were outweighed by the associated
administrative burdens. The amendments announced today underscore Allergan's
commitment to good corporate governance and incorporate the direct feedback of
the Company's stockholders."The Board is proactively addressing Allergan's
bylaws to ensure that the December 18, 2014 Special Meeting of Stockholders
requested by Pershing Square Capital Management, L.P. is focused on the question
of value," said Michael R. Gallagher, Lead Independent Director of the Board.
"Allergan remains confident that it can create more value than Valeant
Pharmaceuticals International, Inc.'s offer to acquire the Company's shares."
The amended and restated bylaws include the following revisions to the section
on stockholder requested special meetings: <ul><li>Reduce the information
requirement for a Proposing Person (as defined in the bylaws) by removing
certain disclosure requirements regarding the Proposing Person and eliminating
the requirement that the Proposing Person make disclosures regarding
participants, associates and others acting in concert with the Proposing
Person</li><li>Remove the requirement that a Proposing Person must hold shares
of common stock of Allergan in record name in order to sign a request for a
special meeting</li><li>Eliminate the requirement that a Proposing Person update
the information provided as of 10 business days before the date of a requested
special meeting and give a Proposing Person eight business days (increased from
five business days) after the record date for a requested special meeting to
update the information provided (as the only update required)and</li><li>Require
the Board to call a requested special meeting within 90 days of receipt of one
or more valid requests, rather than giving the Board full discretion to
determine the timing of a requested special meeting.</li></ul>In addition, while
the independent directors each have the authority to direct management to
address any topic of the director's choosing, the Board has also approved an
expansion of the prescribed duties of the Company's Lead Independent Director by
adding the following duties to ensure that the Lead Independent Director
continues to have a powerful voice: <ul><li>Approval of information sent to the
Board</li><li>Approval of Board meeting agendasand</li><li>Approval of Board
meeting schedules to assure there is sufficient time for discussion of all
agenda items.</li></ul>"The Board is very grateful to have received the
perspectives of stockholders representing a substantial percentage of Allergan's
shares on these important corporate governance matters," said Henri A. Termeer,
Chairman of the Corporate Governance and Compliance Committee of the Board. "We
remain committed to considering the views of all stockholders."


Allergan Comments on California Federal Court Ruling in Insider Trading Lawsuit
Against Valeant & Pershing Square

   Nov 04, 2014

   Allergan, Inc., commented on the ruling in the United States District Court
for the Central District of California in the Company's federal securities
litigation against Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc., Pershing Square
Capital Management, L.P., and its principal, William A. Ackman.In the ruling,
the Court found that Allergan raised serious questions as to whether Valeant and
Pershing Square violated SEC Rule 14e-3, which prohibits trading on the basis of
material nonpublic information when an offering person has taken a substantial
step or steps to commence a tender offer of a target company. Specifically, the
Court found Allergan's argument "persuasive because, in promulgating Rule 14e-3,
the SEC was concerned about the practice of 'warehousing' (the practice of the
tender offer or intentionally leaking information to institutional investors to
allow those other entities to make early trades before other investors heard
about the tender offer) because such a practice is unfair to investors who are
trading at an informational disadvantage."The Court ordered that Valeant and
Pershing Square must make "corrective disclosures to their September 24, 2014
proxy solicitation statement in compliance with Section 14(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act and Rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder, including disclosure of the
facts underlying Defendants' exposure to liability under Section 14(e) of the
Securities Exchange Act and Rule 14e-3 promulgated thereunder." Specifically,
the Court ordered that Pershing Square and Valeant must disclose that:
<ul><li>"Pershing Square and Valeant's February 25 Relationship Agreement
included an agreement that Pershing Square and Valeant agreed to be called
"co-bidders" if the Allergan-Valeant transaction occurred by way of tender
offer.</li><li>Allergan and Karah M. Parschauer's federal lawsuit against
Pershing Square, Valeant, and PS Fund 1 alleged that they violated Rule 14e-3 by
causing PS Fund 1 to acquire Allergan shares between February and April 2014
without publicly disclosing information about Valeant's plans for a tender
offer.</li><li>The Court found that Plaintiff Parschauer raised serious
questions as to whether Defendants' conduct between February and April 2014
violated Rule 14e-3."</li></ul>The Company issued the following statement:
<ul><li>"We are pleased that the Court ruled there are serious questions as to
the merits of Allergan's insider trading case against Pershing Square and
Valeant, and ordered them to revise their disclosures to reflect the truth
behind their hostile acquisition plan.</li><li>The Allergan Board of Directors
is strongly committed to protecting the stockholder franchise and believes it is
important that the rights of the Company's stockholders not be infringed by the
actions of one hedge fund that significantly profited (to the detriment of other
stockholders and the market) by trading in Allergan securities while in
possession of material non-public information regarding Allergan.</li><li>The
Allergan Board has a duty to ensure that any stockholder voting on corporate
matters acquired their shares in accordance with the law and will file an
emergency appeal with the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
asking them to bar Pershing Square from voting its illegally acquired shares at
the Special Meeting."</li></ul>


Allergan Reports Third Quarter 2014 Operating Results

   Oct 27, 2014

   Allergan, Inc. announced operating results for the quarter ended September
30, 2014. Allergan also announced that its Board of Directors has declared a
third quarter dividend of $0.05 per share, payable on December 11, 2014 to
stockholders of record on November 20, 2014.Operating Results Attributable to
Stockholders from Continuing OperationsFor the quarter ended September 30, 2014:
<ul><li>Allergan reported $1.03 diluted earnings per share attributable to
stockholders compared to $1.10 diluted earnings per share attributable to
stockholders for the third quarter of 2013.</li><li>Allergan reported $1.78
non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders compared to
$1.23 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders for the
third quarter of 2013, a 44.7 percent increase.</li></ul>Product Sales For the
quarter ended September 30, 2014:Allergan reported $1,790.7 million total
product net sales. Total product net sales increased 17.2 percent, or 17.6
percent on a constant currency basis, compared to total product net sales in the
third quarter of 2013. <ul><li>Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales
increased 14.3 percent, or 14.6 percent on a constant currency basis, compared
to total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the third quarter of
2013.</li><li>Total core medical devices net sales increased 30.4 percent, or
31.1 percent on a constant currency basis, compared to total core medical
devices net sales in the third quarter of 2013.</li></ul>"With continuing strong
momentum across a broad range of products, Allergan again recorded the strongest
increase in absolute dollar sales in any quarter in our history, and again
delivered sales and earnings per share growth above the high end of our
expectations," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer. "Furthermore, we are making excellent progress on the
stockholder value enhancements announced in July 2014, which are resulting in
enhanced non-GAAP diluted earnings per share growth and thus increased
stockholder value." Product and Pipeline Update During the third quarter of
2014:On August 4, 2014, Allergan announced that the Company's research and
development pipeline has been recognized by the Galien Foundation, which has
nominated three of Allergan's products for the 2014 U.S. Prix Galien Awards. The
Prix Galien Award is considered the biomedical industry's highest accolade and
recognizes the technical, scientific and clinical research skills necessary to
develop innovative medicines and devices. The Allergan products that have been
nominated for the 2014 U.S. Prix Galien Awards are: <ul><li>Best Biotechnology
Product Nominee - BOTOXÂ® (onabotulinumtoxinA) for Chronic Migraine
patients</li><li>Best Pharmaceutical Agent Nominee - OZURDEXÂ® (dexamethasone
intravitreal implant) 0.7 mg</li><li>Best Medical Technology Nominee - SERIÂ®
Surgical Scaffold</li></ul>On August 13, 2014, Allergan and TARIS Holdings LLC
announced that Allergan has closed a transaction to acquire worldwide rights to
TARIS Biomedical's lead program, LiRISÂ®, which is currently in Phase 2 trials
for the treatment of interstitial cystitis / bladder pain syndrome (IC/BPS).
Allergan paid $67.5 million in cash up front, subject to certain adjustments and
holdbacks. Allergan has also agreed to pay up to an aggregate of $295 million in
development milestone payments and up to an aggregate of $225 million in
commercial milestone payments.On September 2, 2014, Allergan announced that the
European Commission has extended the Marketing Authorization for OZURDEXÂ®
(dexamethasone 700 mcg intravitreal implant in applicator) to treat adult
patients with visual impairment due to diabetic macular edema (DME) who are
pseudophakic (have an artificial lens implant), or who are considered
insufficiently responsive to, or unsuitable for non-corticosteroids therapy. DME
is a common complication with diabetes and is the leading cause of sight loss in
patients with diabetes.On September 29, 2014, Allergan announced that the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) removed the limitations on the indication for
OZURDEXÂ® (dexamethasone intravitreal implant) 0.7mg, a sustained-release
biodegradable steroid implant, for the treatment of diabetic macular edema
(DME). OZURDEXÂ® was originally approved in June as a treatment for DME in
patients who are pseudophakic (have an artificial lens implant following
cataract surgery) or who are phakic (have their natural lens) and are scheduled
for cataract surgery. Unsolicited Proposal from ValeantOn August 1, 2014,
Allergan filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central
District of California against Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc.
("Valeant"), Pershing Square Capital Management, L.P. ("Pershing Square") and
its principal, William A. Ackman, alleging that Valeant, Pershing Square and Mr.
Ackman violated federal securities laws prohibiting insider trading, engaged in
other fraudulent practices, and failed to disclose legally required information.
After careful consideration, Allergan decided to file the lawsuit in order to
ensure that all of its stockholders have the opportunity to make decisions
regarding their investment in the Company based on compliant, full and fair
disclosures, and to ensure that any stockholders voting on corporate matters
acquired their shares in accordance with the law.On August 11, 2014, Allergan
announced that it received a request for additional information (a "Second
Request") under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act from the U.S. Federal Trade Commission
in connection with Valeant's unsolicited acquisition proposal of Allergan.
Allergan intends to respond fully in connection with the ongoing investigation.
The Company noted that Second Request investigations typically take some time to
conclude, and Allergan cannot predict how long this investigation will take or
how it might otherwise develop.On September 15, 2014, Allergan announced that it
reached an agreement with Pershing Square and Valeant under which Allergan
agreed to hold the Special Meeting of Stockholders (the "Special Meeting") on
the already scheduled date of December 18, 2014, without restriction, and
Pershing Square and Valeant dismissed their pending litigation before the
Delaware Court of Chancery. Allergan has established an October 30, 2014 record
date for stockholders entitled to vote at the Special Meeting.


Allergan To Lay Off 40 Employees In Carlsbad, California

   Oct 17, 2014

   Allergan Inc., in a Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification notice
filed with the state Employment Development Department, said that the company
will lay off 40 employees in Carlsbad, California, Orange County Business
Journal reported. The layoffs will be effective 28 November 2014.Previously,
Allergan said that it will reduce approximately 1,500 employees in 2014 as part
of its restructuring it is undertaking as it attempts to fight off a hostile
takeover bid by Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. and Bill Ackman's
Pershing Square Capital Management LP.


Allergan Announces Workforce Reduction

   Sep 12, 2014

   Allergan Inc. has filed a Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification with
the state Employment Development Department related to reduction of 129
employees in Irvine, Orange County Business Journal reported. The layoffs will
be with effect from 31 October 2014.According to the company, it will lay off
approximately 1,500 employees in 2014 as part of a restructuring which is
currently taking place.


Allergan Files Answer in Federal Court Responding to Valeant and Pershing
Square's Counterclaims

   Sep 02, 2014

   Allergan, Inc. filed an answer in the United States District Court for the
Central District of California responding to Valeant Pharmaceuticals
International, Inc. and Pershing Square Capital Management, L.P.'s counterclaims
regarding Allergan's statements on the unsustainability of Valeant's underlying
business model.The federal court case is Allergan, Inc. v. Valeant
Pharmaceuticals International, Inc., No. 14-CV-1214-DOC (ANx) (C.D. Cal.).


Allergan Names Jim Hindman Chief Financial Officer

   Aug 18, 2014

   Allergan, Inc. announced that Jim Hindman has been named Executive Vice
President, Finance and Business Development, Chief Financial Officer, effective
immediately. Mr. Hindman succeeds Jeff Edwards, who after 21 years of service to
Allergan, including nine years in the Chief Financial Officer role, has decided
to step down from the position due to family commitments.Mr. Edwards will remain
employed by Allergan in a non-executive officer capacity to facilitate a smooth
transition.Mr. Hindman joined Allergan in 1984 and has served as Senior Vice
President, Treasury, Risk and Investor Relations since 2002. Prior to that, he
served in a variety of finance positions, including Senior Vice President,
Finance and Controller, Assistant Corporate Controller and Vice President,
Financial Planning and Analysis. Mr. Hindman also serves as President of The
Allergan Foundation. Before joining Allergan, Mr. Hindman worked at Deloitte,
Haskins and Sells. He has a B.S. in accounting from Loyola Marymount University,
an M.B.A. from Pepperdine University and is a Certified Public Accountant
(Inactive). "For more than two decades, Jeff Edwards has fully committed his
considerable talents to serving Allergan and we have been exceptionally
privileged to have him as a colleague," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. "Jeff's strong work ethic and
complete dedication have defined his tenure, and his many contributions across
several roles have helped build Allergan into the successful company it is
today. After devoting so much time and energy to Allergan, Jeff informed me in
February 2014 of his desire to commit more time to his family, and that he was
therefore considering stepping down from the Chief Financial Officer position at
a later point in 2014. Jeff's decision reflects his strong values, and we
support him and are glad that we are able to make this transition in accordance
with his wishes. On behalf of the Board of Directors and management team, I
would like to thank Jeff for his service, and all of us at Allergan extend to
him and his family our very best regards as they start a new chapter in their
lives." Mr. Pyott added, "We are pleased to name Jim Hindman as Allergan's Chief
Financial Officer. Jim has been an instrumental member of our organization for
many years, and particularly during the past few months, has played an important
leadership role. We believe that Jim is ideally suited to assume the position of
Chief Financial Officer and we are confident that his long tenure and experience
in our finance organization, together with his strong record as a leader in the
Company, will be invaluable as he assumes his new role." "I have deeply
appreciated the opportunity to serve as Allergan's Chief Financial Officer, and
while in the position, fully committed myself to the role and to my team, all of
our employees, stockholders and business partners," said Mr. Edwards. "The
decision to step down was remarkably challenging, but I must remain true to the
commitment I made to my family in early 2014." Mr. Edwards continued, "Allergan
has a strong, qualified and experienced finance team for whom I have great
respect, and Jim Hindman is a talented professional and leader who is highly
regarded both inside and outside of the Company. I have the utmost confidence in
Jim and I know he will do a fantastic job as my successor. Allergan is an
extraordinary organization that continues to perform extremely well and it has a
very bright future." Mr. Hindman added, "I am excited to take on this new role
and I look forward to working with David, the Board of Directors and Allergan's
talented employees as we continue our focus on delivering enhanced value to
stockholders."


Allergan R&D Innovations Recognized with Three Nominations for the 2014 U.S.
Prix Galien Awards

Aug 04, 2014

Allergan, Inc. announced that the Company's research and development pipeline
has been recognized by the Galien Foundation, which has nominated three of
Allergan's products for the 2014 U.S. Prix Galien Awards. The Prix Galien Award
is considered the biomedical industry's highest accolade and recognizes the
technical, scientific and clinical research skills necessary to develop
innovative medicines and devices.The Allergan products that have been nominated
for the 2014 U.S. Prix Galien Awards are: Best Biotechnology Product Nominee -
BOTOXÂ® (onabotulinumtoxinA) for Chronic Migraine patients Best Pharmaceutical
Agent Nominee - OZURDEXÂ® (dexamethasone intravitreal implant) 0.7 mg Best
Medical Technology Nominee - SERIÂ® Surgical Scaffold "For more than 64 years,
Allergan has remained committed to developing innovative products to address
unmet medical needs," said David E.I. Pyott, Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, Allergan. "We are proud to be recognized for our R&D efforts by the
Prix Galien Committee and especially honored to be the only company to receive
nominations in all three of the 2014 Prix Galien Award categories." Recipients
of the Prix Galien Awards will be announced at the Prix Galien USA Award
Ceremony in New York this fall and are selected by a committee of 10 leaders
from the biomedical industry and academia, including five Nobel Laureates.
"Innovation is a key measure of Allergan's commitment to R&D," said Scott M.
Whitcup, M.D., Executive Vice President, Research and Development, Chief
Scientific Officer, Allergan. "With a focus on basic research and clinical
development in our specialty areas, we are able to bring novel treatments to
market that benefit patients, and are pleased to be recognized by the Galien
Foundation for three of these products." In the United States, BOTOXÂ® is
currently approved for eight medical conditions, including Chronic Migraine, a
disease affecting approximately 3.2 million Americans. BOTOXÂ® is the first and
only preventive treatment approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) to reduce headache days every month for adults with Chronic Migraine -- 15
or more headache days a month with headache lasting 4 hours or more. BOTOXÂ® is
similarly indicated for the treatment of Chronic Migraine in 64 countries.
OZURDEXÂ® is a biodegradable steroid implant that uses the proprietary and
innovative NOVADURÂ® solid polymer delivery system to release medicine over an
extended period of time. The OZURDEXÂ® implant is approved for three ophthalmic
indications in the United States, including for the treatment of non-infectious
inflammation of the uvea (uveitis) affecting the back of the eye, for which it
is nominated by the Galien Foundation for Best Pharmaceutical Agent. Most
recently, Allergan received FDA approval June 30 of OZURDEXÂ® for the treatment
of diabetic macular edema in patients who have an artificial lens implant
(pseudophakic) or who are scheduled for cataract surgery (phakic). SERIÂ®
Surgical Scaffold is a sterile, silk-derived bioprotein, ultrapurified using the
BIOSILKâ¢ process. This unique product is the first and only silk-derived
biological scaffold cleared by the FDA for reinforcement of soft tissue in
plastic and reconstructive surgery. Indication BOTOXÂ® (onabotulinumtoxinA) is a
prescription medicine that is injected to prevent headaches in adults with
Chronic Migraine who have 15 or more days each month with headache lasting 4 or
more hours each day in people 18 years or older. It is not known whether BOTOXÂ®
is safe or effective to prevent headaches in patients with migraine who have 14
or fewer headache days each month (episodic migraine) IMPORTANT SAFETY
INFORMATION BOTOXÂ® may cause serious side effects that can be life threatening.
Call your doctor or get medical help right away if you have any of these
problems any time (hours to weeks) after injection of BOTOXÂ®: Problems
swallowing, speaking, or breathing, due to weakening of associated muscles, can
be severe and result in loss of life. You are at the highest risk if these
problems are pre-existing before injection. Swallowing problems may last for
several months. Spread of toxin effects. The effect of botulinum toxin may
affect areas away from the injection site and cause serious symptoms including:
loss of strength and all-over muscle weakness, double vision, blurred vision and
drooping eyelids, hoarseness or change or loss of voice (dysphonia), trouble
saying words clearly (dysarthria), loss of bladder control, trouble breathing,
trouble swallowing. If this happens, do not drive a car, operate machinery, or
do other dangerous activities. There has not been a confirmed serious case of
spread of toxin effect away from the injection site when BOTOXÂ® has been used
at the recommended dose to treat Chronic Migraine. Do not take BOTOXÂ® if you:
are allergic to any of the ingredients in BOTOXÂ® (see Medication Guide for
ingredients)had an allergic reaction to any other botulinum toxin product such
as MyoblocÂ® (rimabotulinumtoxinB), DysportÂ® (abobotulinumtoxinA), or XeominÂ®
(incobotulinumtoxinA)have a skin infection at the planned injection site. The
dose of BOTOXÂ® is not the same as, or comparable to, another botulinum toxin
product. Serious and/or immediate allergic reactions have been reported. These
reactions include itching, rash, red itchy welts, wheezing, asthma symptoms, or
dizziness or feeling faint. Tell your doctor or get medical help right away if
you experience any such symptomsfurther injection of BOTOXÂ® should be
discontinued. Tell your doctor about all your muscle or nerve conditions such as
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease), myasthenia gravis,
or Lambert-Eaton syndrome, as you may be at increased risk of serious side
effects including severe dysphagia (difficulty swallowing) and respiratory
compromise (difficulty breathing) from typical doses of BOTOXÂ®. Tell your
doctor about all your medical conditions, including if you: have or have had
bleeding problemshave plans to have surgeryhad surgery on your faceweakness of
forehead muscles, such as trouble raising your eyebrowsdrooping eyelidsany other
abnormal facial changeare pregnant or plan to become pregnant (it is not known
if BOTOXÂ® can harm your unborn baby)are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed (it
is not known if BOTOXÂ® passes into breast milk). Tell your doctor about all the
medicines you take, including prescription and nonprescription medicines,
vitamins, and herbal products. Using BOTOXÂ® with certain other medicines may
cause serious side effects. Do not start any new medicines until you have told
your doctor that you have received BOTOXÂ®in the past. Especially tell your
doctor if you: have received any other botulinum toxin product in the last 4
monthshave received injections of botulinum toxin such as MyoblocÂ®, DysportÂ®,
or XeominÂ® in the past (be sure your doctor knows exactly which product you
received)have recently received an antibiotic by injectiontake muscle
relaxantstake an allergy or cold medicinetake a sleep medicinetake
anti-platelets (aspirin-like products) or anti-coagulants (blood thinners).
Other side effects of BOTOXÂ® include: dry mouth, discomfort or pain at the
injection site, tiredness, headache, neck pain, and eye problems: double vision,
blurred vision, decreased eyesight, drooping eyelids, swelling of your eyelids,
and dry eyes. Please see BOTOXÂ® full Product Information including Boxed
Warning and Medication Guide. Approved Uses OZURDEXÂ® (dexamethasone
intravitreal implant) is a prescription medicine that is an implant injected
into the eye (vitreous) and used: To treat adults with swelling of the macula
(macular edema) following branch retinal vein occlusion (BRVO) or central
retinal vein occlusion (CRVO) To treat adults with noninfectious inflammation of
the uvea (uveitis) affecting the back segment of the eye To treat adults with
diabetic macular edema who have an artificial lens implant (pseudophakic) or who
are scheduled for cataract surgery (phakic) IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION
OZURDEXÂ® should not be used if you have any infections or diseases in the eye,
or surrounding eye area, including most viral diseases of the cornea and
conjunctiva, including active herpes viral infection of the eye, vaccinia,
varicella, mycobacterial infections, and fungal diseases. OZURDEXÂ® should not
be used if you have advanced glaucoma. OZURDEXÂ® should not be used if you have
a posterior lens capsule that is not intact. You should not use OZURDEXÂ® if you
are allergic to any of its ingredients. Injections into the vitreous in the eye,
including those with OZURDEXÂ®, are associated with serious eye infection
(endophthalmitis), eye inflammation, increased eye pressure, and retinal
detachments. Your eye doctor may monitor you regularly after the injection. Use
of corticosteroids may produce posterior subcapsular cataracts, increased eye
pressure, glaucoma, and may increase the establishment of secondary eye
infections due to bacteria, fungi, or viruses. Let your doctor know if you have
a history of ocular herpes simplex. There may be a risk of the implant moving
into the front chamber of the eye if you had the posterior capsule of the lens
removed or if you have a tear in the capsule. The most common side effects
reported in patients for retinal vein occlusion and uveitis include: increased
eye pressure, conjunctival blood spot, eye pain, eye redness, ocular
hypertension, cataract, vitreous detachment, and headache. The most common side
effects reported in patients with diabetic macular edema include: cataract,
increased eye pressure, conjunctival blood spot, reduced vision, inflammation of
the conjunctiva, specks that float in the field of vision, swelling of the
conjunctiva, dry eye, vitreous detachment, vitreous opacities, retinal aneurysm,
foreign body sensation, corneal erosion, inflammation of the cornea, anterior
chamber inflammation, retinal tear, drooping eyelid and high blood pressure.
After repeated injections with OZURDEXÂ®, a cataract may occur. If this occurs,
your vision will decrease and you will need an operation to remove the cataract
and restore your vision. You may develop increased eye pressure with OZURDEXÂ®
that will need to be managed with eye drops and, rarely, with surgery. In the
days following injection with OZURDEXÂ®, you may be at risk for potential
complications including in particular, but not limited to, the development of
serious eye infection or increased eye pressure. If your eye becomes red,
sensitive to light, painful, or develops a change in vision, you should seek
immediate care from your eye doctor. You may experience temporary visual
blurring after receiving an injection and should not drive or use machinery
until your vision has resolved. Please click here for full Prescribing
Information. FDA Cleared Use SERIÂ® Surgical Scaffold is used to support and
repair weakened soft tissue by adding the extra support needed to achieve the
desired surgical result. It is used to reinforce and repair soft tissue during
plastic and reconstructive surgery, and during general soft tissue
reconstruction. Important Safety Information Who should not use SERIÂ® Surgical
Scaffold? SERIÂ® Surgical Scaffold should NOT be used in: Patients with a known
allergy to silk Direct contact with internal organs What else is important to
know? Caution is recommended when SERIÂ® Surgical Scaffold is used in pregnant
women as it may be harmful What potential issues may result from the use of
SERIÂ® Surgical Scaffold? Issues that may occur are those that can result from a
surgically implanted material. These include infection, redness, the attachment
of implanted material to tissue surfaces in the body, the creation of an
abnormal opening from one tissue surface to another, and when the skin breaks
down and the implant appears through the skin.


Allergan Files Lawsuit in Federal Court against Valeant and Pershing Square for
Violations of Federal Securities Laws

Aug 01, 2014

Allergan, Inc. filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the
Central District of California against Valeant Pharmaceuticals International,
Inc. Pershing Square Capital Management, L.P. and its principal, William A.
Ackman, alleging that Valeant, Pershing Square and Mr. Ackman violated federal
securities laws prohibiting insider trading, engaged in other fraudulent
practices, and failed to disclose legally required information.After careful
consideration, Allergan decided to file the lawsuit in order to ensure that all
of its stockholders have the opportunity to make decisions regarding their
investment in the Company based on compliant, full and fair disclosures, and to
ensure that any stockholders voting on corporate matters acquired their shares
in accordance with the law. The Allergan Board of Directors is strongly
committed to protecting the stockholder franchise and believes it is important
that the rights of the Company's stockholders not be infringed by the actions of
one hedge fund that significantly profited (to the detriment of other
stockholders and the market) by trading in Allergan securities while in
possession of material non-public information regarding Allergan. Specifically,
as the complaint alleges, between February 2014 and April 2014, Pershing Square
purchased Allergan stock and securities then valued at over $3.2 billion from
unknowing Company stockholders while fully aware of Valeant's nonpublic takeover
intentions, thereby securing for itself and depriving the selling stockholders
of value appreciation worth approximately $1.2 billion upon Valeant's
announcement of its initial offer on April 22, 2014.In its complaint, Allergan
is seeking, among other remedies, a declaration from the court that Pershing
Square and Valeant violated insider trading and disclosure laws, and an order
rescinding Pershing Square's purchase of the Allergan shares it acquired
illegally. Allergan reserves the right to seek additional remedies against all
appropriate parties. Details of the Complaint The complaint alleges that
Valeant, Pershing Square and Mr. Ackman, violated Sections 13(d), 14(a), and
14(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), which
prohibit insider trading and require full and fair disclosure for stockholders
in the context of proxy solicitations and tender offers, and the rules
promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") under those
Sections, including Rule 14e-3. The complaint alleges, among other things, that:
Valeant always directed the unsolicited transaction to acquire Allergan toward a
tender offer. Valeant's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, J. Michael
Pearson, confirmed the foregoing on June 17, 2014, when he said of Valeant's
initial proposal: "We suspected at the time it would ultimately have to go
directly to Allergan shareholders. We were correct." Debt-laden Valeant did not
have the resources to acquire Allergan, and therefore sought third-party
financing assistance from Mr. Ackman and his hedge fund, Pershing Square, which
are wholly separate persons from Valeant. By the time Valeant and Pershing
Square entered into their financing agreement, Valeant had taken what prior
courts have held to be substantial steps toward a tender offer, including: (i)
hiring financial and legal advisors, (ii) holding multiple board and committee
meetings, and (iii) negotiating the respective financial commitments of the
parties. After Valeant shared its nonpublic takeover intentions with its
third-party financier, and after taking these substantial steps toward a tender
offer, an LLC entity formed and controlled entirely by Pershing Square - PS Fund
1, LLC - purchased significant amounts of Allergan stock and other securities
using zero-strike price call options and equity forwards, without disclosing
Valeant's intentions to the market. As a result, the parties who sold such
securities to PS Fund 1 were significantly damaged. An examination of trading
activity between February 2014 and April 2014 establishes that PS Fund 1, at the
direction of Mr. Ackman and Pershing Square, was the sole purchaser of Allergan
stock and other securities, and that Valeant purchased no shares of Allergan
stock or other securities. Valeant's belated addition as a de minimis investor
in PS Fund 1 does not change these facts. Indeed, by the time Valeant was added
as a member of and contributed capital to PS Fund 1, the fund had already
acquired more than 11 million Allergan shares or options. The terms of the
parties' agreement and the parties' subsequent actions make clear that Valeant,
and not PS Fund 1, Pershing Square or Mr. Ackman, was and has continued to be
the sole person seeking to acquire Allergan. Mr. Ackman has repeatedly
represented that he was simply "Allergan's largest shareholder" interested in
"maximiz[ing] value for all Allergan shareholders," whether through a
transaction with Valeant or by "identifying a superior transaction with another
company." PS Fund 1's rapid acquisition of a total of 9.7% of outstanding
Allergan stock, while in possession of material nonpublic information, violated
Rule 14e-3. Valeant and Pershing Square's construction of a shell entity through
which to act, and their self-serving description of that relationship through
which they have sought to mask these facts, does not and cannot legitimize their
unlawful conduct. Rule 14e-3, promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act,
provides that, where any "offering person" has taken "a substantial step or
steps" to commence a tender offer of a target company, any "other person" who is
in possession of material nonpublic information relating to that tender offer is
prohibited from purchasing or selling any securities of the target company,
unless the information is publicly disclosed within a reasonable time prior to
the purchase or sale. The complaint alleges that Valeant, who was and is the
"offering person" within the meaning of this rule, took substantial steps to
commence a tender offer for Allergan and tipped Mr. Ackman (and the entities he
controls) - the "other person" within the meaning of this rule - to those
otherwise undisclosed intentions, and that Mr. Ackman then traded in Allergan
securities on the basis of this material, nonpublic information. The complaint
also alleges that in furtherance of their takeover efforts, Valeant and Pershing
Square have: Released demonstrably false and misleading proxy solicitation
materials that misstate their relationship and intentions regarding a
transactionand Repeatedly misstated the certainty of the proposed transaction
and the value of the consideration being offered to Allergan stockholders, among
other material facts - information that is critical to Allergan stockholders in
considering whether to deliver consents in favor of a special stockholder
meeting, and whether to tender their shares to Valeant in an exchange offer.
Allergan fully supports the rights of its stockholders to call a special meeting
in accordance with the Company's charter and bylaws, and therefore will seek
expedition of the federal court's decision so that the Company can quickly
resolve this matter and continue focusing on delivering enhanced value to all of
its stockholders.


Valeant Pharmaceuticals Files An Official Complaint With The Autorite Des
Marches Financiers About Allergan's False And Misleading Statements

Jul 24, 2014

Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. announced that it has filed a
detailed complaint with the Autorite des marches financiers ("AMF") regarding
Allergan, Inc. apparent attempts to mislead investors and to negatively
influence the market price of Valeant's common shares by continuing to make
false and misleading statements regarding Valeant's business despite Valeant's
public statements correcting this misinformation. A similar complaint was filed
earlier this week with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").As
indicated in its press release dated July 21, Valeant's complaints to the AMF
and the SEC outline the persistent pattern of misleading statements Allergan has
made, including alleging that Bausch + Lomb's pharmaceutical sales were stagnant
or declining. They also address Allergan's activities and meetings targeting
Valeant shareholders in Canada."In our press release dated July 21, 2014, we
highlighted the most recent false statements by Allergan regarding the sales
growth at Bausch + Lomb. Despite this, Allergan responded that they stood by
their comments," said J. Michael Pearson, Valeant Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer. "This continued disregard for the facts and the harm it has caused
Valeant shareholders underscores the importance of the complaints we have made
with the AMF and SEC."


Allergan Reports Second Quarter 2014 Operating Results

Jul 21, 2014

Allergan, Inc. announced operating results for the quarter ended June 30, 2014.
Allergan also announced that its Board of Directors has declared a second
quarter dividend of $0.05 per share, payable on September 5, 2014 to
stockholders of record on August 15, 2014. Operating Results Attributable to
Stockholders from Continuing OperationsFor the quarter ended June 30, 2014:
Allergan reported $1.37 diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders
compared to $1.17 diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders for
the second quarter of 2013. Allergan reported $1.51 non-GAAP diluted earnings
per share attributable to stockholders compared to $1.22 non-GAAP diluted
earnings per share attributable to stockholders for the second quarter of 2013,
a 23.8 percent increase. Product Sales For the quarter ended June 30, 2014:
Allergan reported $1,827.3 million total product net sales. Total product net
sales increased 15.9 percent compared to total product net sales in the second
quarter of 2013. Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales increased 13.2
percent, or 13.7 percent on a constant currency basis, compared to total
specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the second quarter of 2013. Total core
medical devices net sales increased 25.8 percent, or 26.1 percent on a constant
currency basis, compared to total core medical devices net sales in the second
quarter of 2013. Total specialty pharmaceuticals and core medical devices net
sales, which exclude sales from the transition services agreements related to
the sale of the obesity intervention business unit, increased 15.1 percent, or
15.5 percent on a constant currency basis, compared to total specialty
pharmaceuticals and core medical devices net sales in the second quarter of
2013. "With continuing strong momentum, Allergan recorded the strongest increase
in absolute dollar sales in any quarter in our history, and again delivered
sales and earnings per share growth above the high end of our expectations,"
said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer. "Furthermore, we are pleased with the progression of key clinical
programs into Phase 3 as well as the recent FDA approval of OZURDEXÂ® for
Diabetic Macular Edema." Product and Pipeline Update During the second quarter
of 2014: <ul><li>On May 1, 2014, Allergan announced that BOTOXÂ® (Botulinum
Toxin Type A) received a positive opinion from the Irish Medicines Board serving
as reference member state in the mutual recognition procedure (MRP) for the
treatment of focal spasticity of the ankle in adult post stroke patients. To
date this has led to Marketing Authorisations in 10 of the 14 European countries
involved in the MRP and marks a key milestone in bringing this treatment to
stroke survivors across Europe who are suffering from lower limb spasticity.
</li><li>On May 15, 2014, Allergan announced that Agence Nationale du Securite
du Medicament et des Produits de SantÃ© (ANSM) has extended the Marketing
Authorisation for BOTOXÂ® (Botulinum Toxin Type A) to include the treatment of
idiopathic overactive bladder (OAB) associated with symptoms including 3 urgency
urinary incontinence episodes within 3 days, urinary frequency defined as 8 or
more voids/day in adult patients who don't respond to anticholinergic medication
(after 3 months of treatment) or are intolerant to anticholinergic medication
and not responding to a well-controlled physiotherapy. This is the eighth
indication for BOTOXÂ® in France and marks another key milestone in bringing
this innovative treatment to patients suffering from the symptoms of OAB.
BOTOXÂ® is the only botulinum toxin indicated for the management of bladder
dysfunctions in France. </li><li>On June 10, 2014, the Court of Appeals for the
Federal Circuit reversed a ruling of the U.S. District Court for the Middle
District of North Carolina, and found U.S. patent numbers 7,351,404 and
7,388,029, which cover LATISSEÂ®, to be invalid. As of today, none of the
Abbreviated New Drug Applications (ANDA) filed by the generic applicants have
received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). A companion
case against the generic applicants involving U.S. patent numbers 8,038,988,
8,101,161 and 8,263,054, which also cover LATISSEÂ®, is currently pending in
U.S. District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina. </li><li>On June
13, 2014, the Canadian Federal Court ruled in favor of Allergan in patent
infringement applications against Apotex Inc. and Cobalt Pharmaceuticals
Company, a subsidiary of Actavis plc, issuing orders prohibiting Health Canada
from approving generic drug applications on LUMIGANÂ® (bimatoprost ophthalmic
solution) 0.01% until the expiration of Canadian patent number 2,585,691 in
2026. </li><li>On June 30, 2014 Allergan announced completion of the topline
analysis of data from its Stage 3, Phase 2 study of abicipar pegol (Anti-VEGF
DARPinÂ®) in neovascular, or "wet," age-related macular degeneration (AMD).
These data along with data from previous studies were reviewed with the FDA at
an end of a Phase 2 meeting where the FDA supported Allergan's decision to
advance abicipar pegol to Phase 3 clinical trials and agreed with the proposed
Phase 3 study plan. The complete data from the Stage 3, Phase 2 study will be
presented at the American Association of Retinal Specialists in San Diego,
California from August 10, 2014 to August 13, 2014. </li><li>On June 30, 2014,
Allergan announced completion of the review of data from its Phase 2 clinical
trials of bimatoprost sustained-release implant for the treatment of elevated
intraocular pressure and glaucoma. Patients in this trial received a bimatoprost
sustained-release implant in one eye and topical bimatoprost in the
contralateral eye. The data suggests that bimatoprost sustained-release implant
efficacy is comparable to daily topical bimatoprost with duration of 4 to 6
months. Allergan has shared the bimatoprost sustained-release implant data with
the FDA and the FDA is supportive of the company's decision to advance to Phase
3 clinical trials. Allergan expects to initiate the Phase 3 clinical trials by
the end of 2014. </li><li>On June 30, 2014, Allergan announced receipt of
approval from the FDA for OZURDEXÂ® (dexamethasone intravitreal implant) 0.7 mg
as a new treatment option for diabetic macular edema (DME) in adult patients who
have an artificial lens implant (pseudophakic) or who are scheduled for cataract
surgery (phakic). OZURDEXÂ® is a sustained-release biodegradable steroid implant
that demonstrated long-term efficacy without the need for monthly injections.
</li><li>On June 30, 2014, Allergan announced receipt of a Complete Response
Letter (CRL) from the FDA to its New Drug Application (NDA) for SEMPRANAâ¢
(dihydroergotamine), formerly referred to as LEVADEXÂ®, which is being developed
as an acute treatment of migraine in adults. In the CRL, the FDA acknowledged
that Allergan has made improvements in the canister filling process. The two
specific items listed in the CRL are related to specifications around content
uniformity on the improved canister filling process and on standards for device
actuation. There were no issues related to the clinical safety and efficacy of
the product and Allergan received draft labeling from the FDA for the product in
June 2013. Allergan plans to meet with the FDA and will work to fully address
these issues to the satisfaction of the FDA. The Company estimates that the next
FDA action will occur by the end of the second quarter of
2015.</li><li>Stockholder Value Enhancements</li></ul>As part of an ongoing
effort to improve efficiency and productivity which will further increase
stockholder value, Allergan recently completed a global review of its structures
and processes, portfolio of research and development projects and marketed
products, and its geographies in an effort to prioritize the highest value
investments. This will deliver enhanced non-GAAP diluted earnings per share
(EPS) growth and thus increased stockholder value. As a result of this review,
Allergan will restructure its operations and processes as follows:
<ul><li>Allergan will execute a restructuring in the remainder of 2014 that it
estimates will deliver annual pre-tax savings of approximately $475 million in
calendar year 2015 as compared to previously communicated 2015 expectations.
Such savings will come from efficiencies and reductions in spend across the
commercial organization, general and administrative functions, manufacturing and
the research and development organization. </li><li>Allergan will achieve these
synergies by focusing resources on the highest value opportunities, streamlining
its organizational structure, simplifying processes and interfaces, optimizing
site footprints, and enhancing strategic sourcing of goods and services.
</li><li>As part of the restructuring, Allergan will reduce its workforce by
approximately 1,500 employees, or approximately 13 percent of its current global
headcount, and eliminate an additional approximately 250 vacant positions.
</li><li>The restructuring will be conducted consistent with Allergan's model of
driving high quality earnings growth through a customer-centric focus on net
sales growth and ensuring that Allergan maintains an innovation-focused research
and development pipeline to deliver sustained long-term growth. Hence,
approximately 94% of all customer-facing personnel are unaffected by the
restructuring. All pharmaceutical research and development programs in the
clinic will continue, and any reductions in discovery programs will not impact
approvals within the strategic plan period. </li><li>Additional strategic
options are available including business development / acquisitions and capital
return. </li><li>Allergan reconfirms its aspiration of double digit sales growth
across the strategic plan period (2014 through 2019), as the planned reductions
in selling, general and administrative expenses and reduced focus on lower-value
spend will have only a modest impact on the net sales growth.
</li><li>Allergan's strategic plan (2014 through 2019) is expected to deliver a
compounded annual growth rate of greater than 20% EPS growth. </li><li>Allergan
estimates 2014 EPS between $5.74 and $5.80. </li><li>Allergan estimates 2015 EPS
between $8.20 and $8.40. </li><li>Allergan estimates 2016 EPS at approximately
$1.</li><li>Allergan currently estimates that it will incur total non-recurring
pre-tax charges of between $375 million and $425 million in connection with the
restructuring and other costs, of which $65 million to $75 million will be a
non-cash charge associated with the acceleration of previously unrecognized
share-based compensation costs and certain other non-cash accounting
adjustments. The restructuring charges and other costs will primarily consist of
employee severance and other one-time termination benefits, facility lease and
other contract terminations, accelerated depreciation and asset write-downs,
accelerated equity-based compensation, temporary labor and duplicate operating
expenses. These non-recurring charges will be incurred beginning in the third
quarter of 2014 and are expected to continue through the second quarter of
2015.</li></ul>Unsolicited Proposal from Valeant <ul><li>On April 22, 2014,
Allergan confirmed receipt of an unsolicited proposal from Valeant
Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. (Valeant) to acquire all outstanding shares
of Allergan's common stock. Allergan also confirmed receipt of revised
unsolicited proposals from Valeant on May 28 and May 30, 2014. Allergan's Board
of Directors, in consultation with its financial and legal advisors, have
unanimously rejected each of these unsolicited proposals, concluding that each
substantially undervalues Allergan, creates significant risks and uncertainties
for the stockholders of Allergan, and is not in the best interests of the
Company and its stockholders. </li><li>On June 18, 2014, Valeant commenced an
exchange offer (the Offer) by filing a Schedule TO and Registration Statement on
Form S-4 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Pursuant to the
terms of the Offer, Valeant proposes to purchase each outstanding share of
Allergan common stock, at the election of the holder, for 0.83 common shares of
Valeant and $72.00 in cash, or an equal amount of cash or number of shares of
Valeant common stock, in each case subject to proration. The Offer is not an
all-cash offer. </li><li>On June 23, 2014, Allergan's Board of Directors issued
its recommendation that Allergan stockholders reject the Offer and not tender
their Allergan shares pursuant to the Offer. The Allergan Board of Directors
issued this recommendation after careful consideration, in consultation with its
financial and legal advisors, and unanimously concluded that the Offer is
grossly inadequate, substantially undervalues Allergan, creates significant
risks and uncertainties for Allergan stockholders and is not in the best
interests of Allergan and its stockholders. Allergan filed this recommendation
with the SEC on Schedule 14D-9.</li><li>Outlook </li></ul>For the full year of
2014, Allergan expects: <ul><li>Total product net sales between $6,900 million
and $7,050 million, excluding any future anticipated revenue from the transition
services agreements related to the sale of the obesity intervention business.
</li></ul>Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales between $5,865 million and
$5,975 million. Total core medical devices net sales between $1,010 million and
$1,050 million. ALPHAGANÂ® franchise product net sales between $460 million and
$480 million.LUMIGANÂ® franchise product net sales between $600 million and $620
million.RESTASISÂ® product net sales between $1,040 million and $1,070
million.BOTOXÂ® product net sales between $2,200 million and $2,280
million.LATISSEÂ® product net sales at approximately $100 million.Breast
aesthetics product net sales between $400 million and $420 million.Facial
aesthetics product net sales between $610 million and $630 million.
<ul><li>Non-GAAP cost of sales to product net sales ratio at approximately
12.5%. </li><li>Non-GAAP other revenue at approximately $100 million.
</li><li>Non-GAAP selling, general and administrative expenses to product net
sales ratio between 37% and 38%. </li><li>Non-GAAP research and development
expenses to product net sales ratio at approximately 16.5%. </li><li>Non-GAAP
diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders between $5.74 and $5.80.
</li><li>Diluted shares outstanding at approximately 304 million.
</li><li>Effective tax rate on non-GAAP earnings between 26% and
27%.</li></ul>For the third quarter of 2014, Allergan expects: <ul><li>Total
product net sales between $1,675 million and $1,750 million, excluding any
future anticipated revenue from the transition services agreements related to
the sale of the obesity intervention business. </li><li>Non-GAAP diluted
earnings per share attributable to stockholders between $1.44 and
$1.47.</li></ul>


Valeant Pharmaceuticals Contacts Quebec and U.S. Regulators About Allergan's
False and Misleading Statements

Jul 21, 2014

Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc., has contacted both the Autorite des
marches financiers ("AMF") in Quebec and the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission ("SEC") regarding Allergan Inc.'s apparent attempt to mislead
investors and manipulate the market for Valeant common shares by continuing to
make false and misleading statements regarding Valeant's business despite
Valeant's public statements correcting such information.The latest misleading
statements were made last Friday when Allergan falsely asserted in an SEC filing
that Bausch + Lomb's pharmaceutical sales were stagnant or declining. Contrary
to Allergan's statements this past Friday, Bausch + Lomb's global prescription
pharmaceutical business, which represents less than 20% of Bausch + Lomb total
sales, grew approximately 6% in the second quarter of 2014, while the U.S.
prescription pharmaceutical business grew 17%, as compared to the prior year,
with well over 70% of that growth attributable to volume increases. Valeant's
decision to contact the authorities also reflects concerns raised by several
Canadian Valeant shareholders about comments made about Valeant by Allergan's
management during recent meetings with these investors in Canada."We can no
longer tolerate unjustified attacks on Valeant's business and strongly believe
we are obligated to take action to protect Valeant shareholders from Allergan's
apparent attempts to mislead investors and manipulate the market for Valeant
stock," said J. Michael Pearson, chairman and chief executive officer.
"Allergan's continued disparagement of Valeant and repeated questioning of
Bausch + Lomb's performance demonstrate their fundamental lack of knowledge
about Valeant's business. Valeant has owned Bausch + Lomb for 11 months and the
business has performed extremely well, delivering total organic growth of 11%
since the acquisition, with over 90% of that growth attributable to volume. With
our continued success with Bausch + Lomb, we believe that the Bausch + Lomb
transaction is a perfect blueprint for our proposed merger with Allergan.
"Finally, we do not believe that it is productive for either company to conduct
due diligence in a public forum and although we have consistently offered
Allergan the opportunity to conduct due diligence on our business, its
management and board have refused, and have instead chosen to make
misrepresentations and false statements about our business," continued Pearson.
"Their ongoing tactics reinforce how imperative it is that Allergan stockholders
call a special meeting to amend the company's unduly onerous and non-stockholder
friendly by-laws, remove six directors, and propose the appointment of new
directors, who will thoroughly evaluate Valeant's offer, which represents a
strategically compelling and enormously value-creating opportunity for Allergan
stockholders at a 50%+ premium to Allergan's unaffected share price."


Allergan Announces R&D Pipeline Update and U.S. FDA Approval

Jun 30, 2014

Allergan, Inc. announced updates on three of the Company's key R&D pipeline
programs, including abicipar pegol (Anti-VEGF DARPinÂ®), bimatoprost
sustained-release implant for glaucoma and SEMPRANAâ¢ (dihydroergotamine)
inhalation aerosol (formerly referred to as LEVADEXÂ®). In addition, Allergan
announced that it has received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) for OZURDEXÂ® (dexamethasone intravitreal implant) 0.7 mg
as a treatment option for diabetic macular edema (DME) in adult patients who
have an artificial lens implant (pseudophakic) or who are scheduled for cataract
surgery (phakic)."Allergan has a long track record of delivering stockholder
value by efficiently investing in R&D to provide important new treatment options
to address unmet patient needs," said David E.I. Pyott, Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, Allergan. "As a company that is well-known for industry
leading R&D and innovation, we are pleased to announce the FDA approval of
OZURDEXÂ®, which marks our 12th FDA approval since 2010. In addition, we are
pleased to share updates on several of our key R&D pipeline programs including
abicipar pegol (Anti-VEGF DARPinÂ®), which has been recognized as the most
important value driver in our pipeline. With one of the most productive R&D
pipelines in the industry, we are committed to advancing our R&D programs as we
continue to deliver a steady stream of new treatments across the five specialty
areas of our broad and balanced portfolio."Anti-VEGF DARPinÂ® Allergan has
completed the topline analysis of data from the Company's Stage 3, Phase 2 study
of abicipar pegol (Anti-VEGF DARPinÂ®) in neovascular, or "wet," age-related
macular degeneration (AMD). These data along with data from previous studies
were reviewed with the FDA at an end of a Phase 2 meeting where the FDA
supported Allergan's decision to advance abicipar pegol to Phase 3 clinical
trials and agreed with the proposed Phase 3 study plan. The abicipar pegol Stage
3, Phase 2 study was designed to, in addition to assessing safety and efficacy,
determine the appropriate dose of abicipar pegol that would provide equal or
better visual acuity improvement but require less frequent injections than
ranibizumab (LUCENTISÂ®). In the double-masked trial, a total of 64 patients
were randomized to abicipar pegol 1mg (n=25), abicipar pegol 2mg (n=23) or
ranibizumab 0.5mg (n=16) and were followed for 20 weeks. All patients received
doses at the start of the trial and at 4 and 8 weeks. Patients in the
ranibizumab arm of the study received additional doses at 12 and 16 weeks.
Patients who were treated with either dose of abicipar pegol received sham
injections at 12 and 16 weeks. Patients in all arms of the study were well
matched for demographics and baseline characteristics. The analysis of the
topline data showed that after 16 weeks, mean visual acuity improvement from
baseline was 8.2 letters for abicipar pegol 2mg, 6.3 letters for abicipar pegol
1mg, and 5.3 letters for ranibizumab. After 20 weeks, (12 weeks after the last
abicipar injection and 4 weeks after the last ranibizumab injection) mean visual
acuity improvement from baseline was 9.0 letters for abicipar pegol 2mg, 7.1
letters for abicipar pegol 1mg, and 4.7 letters for ranibizumab. In addition,
Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) data was supportive of the visual acuity
data. Although the study was not powered to show statistically significant
differences between treatment groups, and further data will be completed and
submitted to the FDA, these data suggest that abicipar at the 2mg dose is at
least as effective as monthly ranibizumab with a longer duration of action.
There were no serious adverse events reported in any study group. Two patients
in the abicipar pegol 2mg arm and three patients in the abicipar pegol 1mg group
experienced ocular inflammation adverse events. The complete data from the Stage
3, Phase 2 study will be presented at a retina meeting in the second half of
2014. Allergan has been working to enhance the manufacturing process for
abicipar pegol and will initiate Phase 3 studies in the second quarter of 2015,
when material from the new manufacturing process is available. In the phase 3
program, Allergan will compare abicipar 2mg dosed every 8 weeks, abicipar 2mg
dosed every 12 weeks and ranibizumab dosed every 4 weeks. All patients in the
phase 3 program will receive three loading doses of drug. Bimatoprost
Sustained-Release Implant Allergan has reviewed data from its Phase 2 clinical
trials of bimatoprost sustained-release implant for the treatment of elevated
intraocular pressure and glaucoma. Patients in this trial received a bimatoprost
sustained-release implant in one eye and topical bimatoprost in the
contralateral eye. The data suggests that bimatoprost sustained-release implant
efficacy is comparable to daily topical bimatoprost with duration of 4-6 months.
Allergan has shared the bimatoprost sustained-release implant data with the FDA
and the FDA is supportive of the company's decision to advance to Phase 3
clinical trials. The Phase 3 clinical trials will be initiated by the end of
2014. If approved, the bimatoprost sustained-release implant may have the
potential to change the treatment paradigm for patients who currently rely on
daily topical eye drops to treat their condition. OZURDEXÂ® (dexamethasone
intravitreal implant) 0.7 mg Allergan has received approval from the FDA for
OZURDEXÂ® as a new treatment option for diabetic macular edema (DME) in adult
patients who have an artificial lens implant (pseudophakic) or who are scheduled
for cataract surgery (phakic). OZURDEXÂ® is a sustained-release biodegradable
steroid implant that demonstrated long-term efficacy without the need for
monthly injections. DME currently impacts more than 560,000 Americans.2 It is an
eye condition that can occur in people with diabetes (types 1 and 2) and causes
fluid to leak into the part of the eye where focusing occurs (macula), causing
blurred vision, vision loss and eventual blindness.The OZURDEXÂ® implant uses
the proprietary and innovative NOVADURÂ® solid polymer delivery system - a
biodegradable implant that releases medicine over an extended period of time -
to suppress inflammation, which plays a key role in the development of DME. "The
approval of OZURDEXÂ® for certain patients with DME further strengthens
Allergan's leadership position in ophthalmology and the retina subspecialty,"
said Scott M. Whitcup, M.D., Executive Vice President, Research and Development
and Chief Scientific Officer, Allergan. "In addition to receiving this important
FDA approval, we are also pleased that two of our innovative pipeline programs
are advancing to Phase 3 clinical development. These therapies involve novel
molecules or innovative drug delivery systems which may help to improve patient
outcomes." SEMPRANAâ¢ (dihydroergotamine), formerly LEVADEXÂ® Allergan has
received a Complete Response Letter (CRL) from the FDA to its New Drug
Application (NDA) for SEMPRANAâ¢ (dihydroergotamine), formerly referred to as
LEVADEXÂ®, which is being developed as an acute treatment of migraine in adults.
In the CRL, the FDA acknowledged that Allergan has made improvements in the
canister filling process. The two specific items listed in the CRL are related
to specifications around content uniformity on the improved canister filling
process and on standards for device actuation. There were no issues related to
the clinical safety and efficacy of the product and Allergan received draft
labeling from the FDA for the product in June 2013. Allergan plans to meet with
the FDA and will work to fully address these issues to the satisfaction of the
FDA. The Company estimates that the next FDA action will occur by the end of the
second quarter of 2015.


Allergan Comments on Pershing Square's and Valeant's Attempt to Remove a
Majority of the Members of the Allergan Board of Directors

Jun 02, 2014

Allergan, Inc. issued the following statement regarding the filing by Pershing
Square Capital Management, L.P. ("Pershing Square") of preliminary proxy
materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") in order to
solicit proxies to call a Special Meeting of Allergan's Stockholders.At the
Special Meeting, Allergan stockholders would be asked to remove a majority of
the Company's existing directors in connection with Valeant Pharmaceuticals
International, Inc. ("Valeant") and Pershing Square's previously announced
unsolicited proposal to acquire all of the outstanding shares of the Company for
a combination of 0.83 of Valeant common shares, $72.00 in cash per share of
common stock of the Company, and a Contingent Value Right (CVR) related to
DARPinÂ® sales (the "Re-Revised Proposal") and request that new directors be
appointed.Allergan urges all of its stockholders to refrain from taking any
action, including returning any proxy card sent by co-bidders Pershing Square
and Valeant, until they have reviewed the recommendation of Allergan's Board of
Directors. Under federal securities laws, Pershing Square and Valeant cannot
solicit proxies from Allergan stockholders until Pershing Square and Valeant
provide stockholders with definitive proxy solicitation materials. The Allergan
Board will carefully review and consider the Re-Revised Proposal in due course
and pursue the course of action that the Board believes is in the best interests
of the Company and all of its stockholders. Goldman, Sachs & Co. and BofA
Merrill Lynch are serving as financial advisors to the Company and Latham &
Watkins, Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A. and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz are
serving as legal counsel to the Company.


The Urology Care Foundation and Allergan Promote Patient Education and Advocacy
at the 2014 American Urological Association Meeting

May 16, 2014

The Urology Care Foundation, the world's leading nonprofit urological health
foundation and official foundation of the American Urological Association (AUA),
and Allergan, Inc. announced the launch of two programs at the American
Urological Association Annual Meeting May 16-21 in Orlando, FL, to support the
Urology Care Foundation's effort in advancing urology research and patient
education."We value and are encouraged by Allergan's commitment to supporting
the Foundation's mission of fostering the highest standards of urologic care
through research and education," said Richard Memo, M.D., Chair, Board of
Directors, Urology Care Foundation. "The support from, and collaboration with,
Allergan will help us better integrate the patient voice into the annual meeting
and elevate the dialogue about patient education, care and access."Allergan is
one of the leading sponsors of the inaugural "Voices of Urology Patient Advocacy
Hub." Through "Voices of Urology," Urology Care Foundation will provide
non-profit organizations with complimentary exhibit space and sessions
highlighting research presented at the meeting. The program will offer
heightened visibility to patient advocacy group thought leaders, and greater
exposure of the resources available through these organizations for urology
patients. Allergan will also make an additional contribution to the Urology Care
Foundation of up to $25,000 through a special program in the Allergan booth
during the annual meeting. "Allergan is committed to providing educational
resources that help patients make good decisions and gain access to the most
advanced treatments," said Julian Gangolli, Allergan Corporate Vice President
and President, North America. "We are proud to support the Urology Care
Foundation and its efforts to promote education and to help improve the quality
of life for urology patients."


Allergan Reports First Quarter 2014 Operating Results

May 07, 2014

Allergan, Inc. announced operating results for the quarter ended March 31, 2014.
Allergan also announced that its Board of Directors has declared a first quarter
dividend of $0.05 per share, payable on June 13, 2014 to stockholders of record
on May 23, 2014.Operating Results Attributable to Stockholders from Continuing
OperationsFor the quarter ended March 31, 2014: Allergan reported $0.85 diluted
earnings per share attributable to stockholders compared to $0.89 diluted
earnings per share attributable to stockholders for the first quarter of
2013.Allergan reported $1.18 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to
stockholders compared to $0.98 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable
to stockholders for the first quarter of 2013, a 20.4 percent increase. Product
Sales For the quarter ended March 31, 2014: Allergan reported $1,619.1 million
total product net sales. Total product net sales increased 13.0 percent compared
to total product net sales in the first quarter of 2013. Total specialty
pharmaceuticals net sales increased 10.4 percent, or 12.0 percent on a constant
currency basis, compared to total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the
first quarter of 2013. Total core medical devices net sales increased 23.3
percent, or 25.2 percent on a constant currency basis, compared to total core
medical devices net sales in the first quarter of 2013. Total specialty
pharmaceuticals and core medical devices net sales, which exclude sales from the
transition services agreements related to the sale of the obesity intervention
business unit, increased 12.2 percent, or 13.9 percent on a constant currency
basis, compared to total specialty pharmaceuticals and core medical devices net
sales in the first quarter of 2013. "In the first quarter Allergan delivered
strong sales and earnings per share growth above the high end of our
expectations," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer. "Furthermore, we are pleased with the continuing strength of
our growing markets around the world and our market share gains in many
businesses." Product and Pipeline Update During the first quarter of 2014: On
January 7, 2014, Allergan and Medytox, Inc. announced that they have closed the
license agreement which was previously announced on September 25, 2013. Under
the terms of the agreement, Allergan paid Medytox an upfront cash payment of
U.S. $65 million and Medytox has granted Allergan exclusive rights, worldwide
outside of Korea (and co-exclusive rights in Japan), to develop and, if
approved, commercialize certain neurotoxin product candidates currently in
development, including a potential liquid-injectable product. Pursuant to the
agreement, Allergan has also agreed to make additional contingent payments,
including up to an aggregate of U.S. $116.5 million upon achieving certain
development milestones, up to an aggregate of U.S. $180.5 million upon achieving
certain commercialization milestones, and royalties on product sales. On January
14, 2014, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas (District
Court) ruled in favor of Allergan in a patent infringement matter concerning the
Company's LUMIGANÂ® (bimatoprost ophthalmic solution) 0.01% product. Allergan
initiated the lawsuit under the Hatch-Waxman Act, after the defendants, Sandoz
Inc., Lupin Ltd., Lupin Pharmaceuticals Inc., Hi-Tech Pharmacal Co., Inc.,
Watson Laboratories, Inc., Watson Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Watson Pharma, Inc.
(Defendants), sought to market a generic version of LUMIGANÂ® 0.01%, which was
first approved by the FDA in 2010 for the reduction of elevated intraocular
pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The
District Court found that all of the asserted claims of the 5 U.S. patents in
the suit are not invalid and are infringed by Defendants' proposed generic drug
products. As part of the ruling, the District Court granted Allergan's request
for a permanent injunction enjoining the Defendants from marketing their
proposed generic drug products until the expiration of the last of the LUMIGANÂ®
0.01% patents in 2027. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has issued five
patents which cover the specific formulation and the method of using Allergan's
RESTASISÂ® (cyclosporine ophthalmic emulsion) 0.05% product. On the date each
patent was granted, it was submitted for listing in the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration's (FDA) Approved Drug Products With Therapeutic Equivalence
Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book. These patents expire August 27,
2024. There remains uncertainty as to the status of any abbreviated new drug
application (ANDA) filers in respect to RESTASISÂ®. In addition, Allergan
submitted a Citizen Petition to the FDA regarding the FDA's published draft
guidance that proposes certain approaches for demonstrating bioequivalence in an
ANDA referring to the new drug application related to the RESTASISÂ® product.
The Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare approved the Manufacturing
and Marketing Application of GLASH VISTAÂ® for the treatment for "hypotrichosis
of the eyelashes". The Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare approved
the Marketing Application on hyaluronic acid-containing soft-tissue injectable
material "JUVEDERMÂ® Vista Ultra" and "JUVEDERMÂ® Vista Ultra Plus" to correct
moderate to severe facial wrinkles and folds such as nasolabial folds. Following
the end of the first quarter of 2014: On April 22, 2014, Allergan confirmed
receipt of an unsolicited proposal from Valeant Pharmaceuticals International,
Inc. (Valeant) to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Allergan for a
combination of 0.83 of Valeant common shares and $48.30 in cash per share of
common stock of Allergan. The Allergan Board of Directors, in consultation with
its financial and legal advisors, will carefully review and consider the
Proposal and pursue the course of action that it believes is in the best
interests of Allergan's stockholders. Allergan also adopted a one-year
Stockholder Rights Plan effective April 22, 2014.Allergan announced that BOTOXÂ®
(Botulinum Toxin Type A) received a positive opinion from the Irish Medicines
Board serving as reference member state in the mutual recognition procedure
(MRP) for the treatment of focal spasticity of the ankle in adult post stroke
patients. This is an important step towards securing national licenses in the 14
European countries involved in the MRP and marks a key milestone in bringing
this treatment to stroke survivors across Europe who are suffering from lower
limb spasticity. Outlook For the full year of 2014, Allergan expects: Total
product net sales between $6,775 million and $7,000 million, excluding any
future anticipated revenue from the transition services agreements related to
the sale of the obesity intervention business.Total specialty pharmaceuticals
net sales between $5,835 million and $6,000 million.Total core medical devices
net sales between $930 million and $990 million.ALPHAGANÂ® franchise product net
sales between $460 million and $490 million.LUMIGANÂ® franchise product net
sales between $590 million and $620 million.RESTASISÂ® product net sales between
$1,030 million and $1,070 million.BOTOXÂ® product net sales between $2,180
million and $2,280 million.LATISSEÂ® product net sales between $100 million and
$110 million.Breast aesthetics product net sales between $390 million and $420
million.Facial aesthetics product net sales between $540 million and $570
million.Non-GAAP cost of sales to product net sales ratio at approximately
12.5%.Non-GAAP other revenue at approximately $100 million.Non-GAAP selling,
general and administrative expenses to product net sales ratio between 37% and
38%.Non-GAAP research and development expenses to product net sales ratio at
approximately 16.5%.Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to
stockholders between $5.64 and $5.73.Diluted shares outstanding at approximately
305 million.Effective tax rate on non-GAAP earnings between 26% and 27%.For the
second quarter of 2014, Allergan expects: Total product net sales between $1,725
million and $1,800 million, excluding any future anticipated revenue from the
transition services agreements related to the sale of the obesity intervention
business.Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders
between $1.41 and $1.44.


Allergan Reports Fourth Quarter 2013 Operating Results

Feb 05, 2014

Allergan, Inc. announced operating results for the quarter ended December 31,
2013. Allergan also announced that its Board of Directors has declared a fourth
quarter dividend of $0.05 per share, payable on March 21, 2014 to stockholders
of record on February 28, 2014.As a result of Allergan's sale of its obesity
intervention business unit, the financial results from that business unit are
reported as discontinued operations in the financial tables of this press
release. Prior year amounts have been retrospectively revised for the
discontinued operations.Operating Results Attributable to Stockholders from
Continuing OperationsFor the quarter ended December 31, 2013: Allergan reported
$1.04 diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders compared to $1.05
diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders for the fourth quarter
of 2012. Allergan reported $1.35 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share
attributable to stockholders compared to $1.12 non-GAAP diluted earnings per
share attributable to stockholders for the fourth quarter of 2012, a 20.5
percent increase. Product Sales from Continuing Operations For the quarter ended
December 31, 2013: Allergan reported $1,659.6 million total product net sales.
Total product net sales increased 14.6 percent compared to total product net
sales in the fourth quarter of 2012. On a constant currency basis, total product
net sales increased 15.6 percent compared to total product net sales in the
fourth quarter of 2012.Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales increased 14.0
percent, or 15.0 percent on a constant currency basis, compared to total
specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the fourth quarter of 2012. Total core
medical devices net sales increased 17.0 percent, or 17.8 percent on a constant
currency basis, compared to total core medical devices net sales in the fourth
quarter of 2012. "We are pleased to have once again achieved our double digit
revenue and mid teens earnings per share growth aspirations for full year 2013
as we benefited from many regulatory approvals in the past few years," said
David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer.
"Furthermore, we look forward to delivering similar revenue and earnings growth
in 2014."Based on internal information and assumptions, full year 2013
therapeutic sales accounted for approximately 54% of total BOTOXÂ®
(onabotulinumtoxinA) sales and increased approximately 17% compared to 2012.
Full year 2013 aesthetic sales accounted for approximately 46% of total BOTOXÂ®
sales and increased approximately 8% compared to 2012. Product and Pipeline
Update During the fourth quarter of 2013: On October 23, 2013, Allergan
announced that it had received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) to market JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC, the first and only
filler approved to temporarily correct age-related volume loss in the cheek area
in adults over the age of 21. On October 23, 2013, Allergan announced that
VISTABELÂ® received a Positive Opinion from the Agence Nationale de SÃ©curitÃ©
du MÃ©dicament et des Produits de SantÃ© (ANSM) for the temporary improvement in
the appearance of moderate to severe lateral canthal lines (crow's feet lines)
seen at maximum smile, either alone or when treated at the same time as
glabellar (or frown) lines seen at maximum frown in adult patients. Allergan has
secured national licences in 19 countries of the European Union, as well as in
Norway and Iceland. On December 2, 2013, Allergan announced that it had
completed the sale of its obesity intervention business to Apollo Endosurgery,
Inc. Under the terms of the agreement, which was first announced on October 29,
2013, Allergan received cash consideration of $75 million, subject to certain
adjustments, and a $15 million minority equity interest in Apollo Endosurgery.
Allergan may also receive up to $20 million in contingent consideration upon the
achievement of certain regulatory and sales milestones. Allergan resubmitted the
New Drug Application (NDA) to the FDA seeking approval for LEVADEXÂ®
(dihydroergotamine) inhalation aerosol for the acute treatment of migraine in
adults. This resubmission is intended to address the concerns identified in the
Complete Response Letter received in the second quarter of 2013. Following the
end of the fourth quarter of 2013: On January 7, 2014, Allergan and Medytox,
Inc. announced that they have closed the license agreement which was previously
announced on September 25, 2013. Under the terms of the agreement, Allergan paid
Medytox an upfront cash payment of U.S. $65 million and Medytox has granted
Allergan exclusive rights, worldwide outside of Korea (and co-exclusive rights
in Japan), to develop and, if approved, commercialize certain neurotoxin product
candidates currently in development, including a potential liquid-injectable
product. Pursuant to the agreement, Allergan has also agreed to make additional
contingent payments, including up to an aggregate of U.S. $116.5 million upon
achieving certain development milestones, up to an aggregate of U.S. $180.5
million upon achieving certain commercialization milestones, and royalties on
product sales."On January 14, 2014, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern
District of Texas (District Court) ruled in favor of Allergan in a patent
infringement matter concerning the Company's LUMIGANÂ® (bimatoprost ophthalmic
solution) 0.01% product. Allergan initiated the lawsuit under the Hatch-Waxman
Act, after the defendants, Sandoz Inc., Lupin Ltd., Lupin Pharmaceuticals Inc.,
Hi-Tech Pharmacal Co., Inc., Watson Laboratories, Inc., Watson Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., and Watson Pharma, Inc. (Defendants), sought to market a generic version
of LUMIGANÂ® 0.01%, which was first approved by the FDA in 2010 for the
reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma
or ocular hypertension. The District Court found that all of the asserted claims
of the 5 U.S. patents in the suit are not invalid and are infringed by
Defendants' proposed generic drug products. As part of the ruling, the District
Court granted Allergan's request for a permanent injunction enjoining the
Defendants from marketing their proposed generic drug products until the
expiration of the last of the LUMIGANÂ® 0.01% patents in 2027. The U.S. Patent
and Trademark Office has issued three patents which cover the specific
formulation and the method of using Allergan's RESTASISÂ® (cyclosporine
ophthalmic emulsion) 0.05% product. On the date each patent was granted, it was
submitted for listing in the FDA's Approved Drug Products With Therapeutic
Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book. These patents expire
August 27, 2024. There remains uncertainty as to the status of any abbreviated
new drug application (ANDA) filers in respect to RESTASISÂ®. In addition,
Allergan submitted a Citizen Petition to the FDA regarding the FDA's published
draft guidance that proposes certain approaches for demonstrating bioequivalence
in an ANDA referring to the new drug application related to the RESTASISÂ®
product.


Allergan, Inc. and Medytox, Inc. Complete Licensing Agreement

Jan 07, 2014

Allergan, Inc. and Medytox, Inc. Complete Licensing AgreementIRVINE, Calif. &
SEOUL, South Korea--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- Allergan, Inc., (NYSE: AGN) and Medytox,
Inc. today announced that they have closed the license agreement which was
previously announced on September 25, 2013. Under the terms of the agreement,
Allergan will pay Medytox an upfront cash payment of U.S. $65 million within
seven business days of closing and Medytox has granted Allergan exclusive
rights, worldwide outside of Korea, to develop and, if approved, commercialize
certain neurotoxin product candidates currently in development, including a
potential liquid-injectable product. Pursuant to the agreement, Allergan has
also agreed to make additional contingent payments, including up to an aggregate
of U.S. $116.5 million upon achieving certain development milestones, up to an
aggregate of U.S. $180.5 million upon achieving certain commercialization
milestones, and royalties on product sales. About Allergan Allergan is a
multi-specialty health care company established more than 60 years ago with a
commitment to uncover the best of science and develop and deliver innovative and
meaningful treatments to help people reach their life's potential. Today, we
have approximately 11,400 highly dedicated and talented employees, global
marketing and sales capabilities with a presence in more than 100 countries, a
rich and ever-evolving portfolio of pharmaceuticals, biologics, medical devices
and over-the-counter consumer products, and state-of-the-art resources in R&D,
manufacturing and safety surveillance that help millions of patients see more
clearly, move more freely and express themselves more fully. From our beginnings
as an eye care company to our focus today on several medical specialties,
including eye care, neurosciences, medical aesthetics, medical dermatology,
breast aesthetics, and urologics, Allergan is proud to celebrate more than 60
years of medical advances and proud to support the patients and customers who
rely on our products and the employees and communities in which we live and
work. For more information regarding Allergan, go to: www.allergan.com. About
Medytox Medytox is a research-based bio pharmaceutical company which developed a
botulinum toxin product for the first time in Korea (the fourth in the world),
and engages in the development, manufacture, marketing and sales of neurotoxin
products as its main business. Since its establishment in 2000, Medytox has
developed and evolved into a global world-class R&D company with the successful
launch of its main neurotoxin product. Today, Medytox's neurotoxin product is
sold in about 40 countries with millions of people having already received
therapeutic or aesthetic treatments. We are committed to providing people safe
and high-quality products through biotechnology for better health and quality of
life. Medytox will continue extensive R&D investment on creative next generation
technologies for future products to ensure we can continue to deliver on our
commitments to patients and customers. For more information regarding Medytox,
go to: www.medytox.com Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains
"forward-looking statements", including but not limited to statements regarding
product candidates, as well as certain development, regulatory and commercial
milestones. These statements are based on current expectations of future events.
If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or unknown risks or uncertainties
materialize, actual results could vary materially from Allergan's expectations
and projections. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, general
industry and market conditionschallenges inherent in the research and
development and regulatory processestechnological advances and patents attained
by competitorspotential difficulties in manufacturingchallenges related to new
product marketing, such as the unpredictability or market acceptance for new
products or indications for such productsand governmental laws and regulations
affecting domestic and foreign operations. Allergan expressly disclaims any
intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements except as
required by law. Additional information concerning these and other risks can be
found in press releases issued by Allergan, as well as Allergan's public filings
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the discussion under
the heading "Risk Factors" in Allergan's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K
and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of Allergan's press
releases and additional information about Allergan are available at
www.allergan.com or you can contact the Allergan Investor Relations Department
by calling 1-714-246-4636. Ã¼2014 Allergan, Inc. Irvine, CA 92612.Â®marks owned
by Allergan, Inc. AllerganBonnie Jacobs (714) 246-5134
(media)Jacobs_Bonnie@allergan.comCathy Taylor (714) 246-5551
(media)Taylor_Cathy@allergan.comJim Hindman (714) 246-4636 (investors)Joann
Bradley (714) 246-4766 (investors)David Nakasone (714) 246-6376
(investors)MedytoxHyoJin Shin (02) 3471-8348 (Investors)HyunJee Kim (070)
8666-7516 (media) Source: Allergan, Inc.News Provided by Acquire MediaMedia
InquiriesIf you are a member of the media with a question about Allergan or its
products, please contact our Global Corporate Affairs & Public Relations
Department.United StatesCorporate Media Inquiries Bonnie Jacobs Office: (714)
246-5134 Cell: (856) 912-9965 send an e-mail ÃÂ  Cathy Taylor Office: (714)
246-5551 Cell: (949) 293-4453 send an e-mail ÃÂ Product Media Inquiries Heather
Katt Urologics & Eye Care Office: (714) 246-6224 Cell: (714) 697-2981 send an
e-mail ÃÂ  Naziah Lasi-Tejani Neurosciences Office: (714) 246-3843 Cell: (949)
413-9927 send an e-mail ÃÂ  Lanie Shapero Facial Aesthetics, Breast Aesthetics &
Medical Dermatology Office: (908) 203-2631 Cell: (732) 991-4368 send an e-mail
ÃÂ  Ember Garrett Topical Aesthetics, Breast Aesthetics & Medical Dermatology
Office: (714) 246-3525 Cell: (949) 413-6091 send an e-mail ÃÂ Global Patricia
Costa Latin America Office: +5511 3048-0513 Cell: +5511 8252-9850 send an e-mail
ÃÂ  Janet Kettels Europe, Africa and the Middle East Office: +44-7738-506476
Cell: +44-1628-494421 send an e-mail ÃÂ  Judy Low Asia Pacific Office:
+65-6505-3860 Cell: +65-9111-3568 send an e-mail ÃÂ  Amanda Mills-Sirois Canada
Office: (905) 940-7066 Cell: (416) 432-6981 send an e-mail ÃÂ Sign Up for e-mail
AlertsAutomatically receive financial and general information.Subscribe now


Allergan Reports Third Quarter 2013 Operating Results

Oct 29, 2013

Allergan, Inc. today announced operating results for the quarter ended September
30, 2013. Allergan also announced that its Board of Directors has declared a
third quarter dividend of $0.05 per share, payable on December 11, 2013 to
stockholders of record on November 20, 2013.As a result of Allergan's approved
plan to sell its obesity intervention business unit, the financial results from
that business unit are reported as discontinued operations in the financial
tables of this press release. Prior year amounts have been retrospectively
revised for the discontinued operations.Operating Results Attributable to
Stockholders from Continuing OperationsFor the quarter ended September 30, 2013:
Allergan reported $1.10 diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders
compared to $0.82 diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders for
the third quarter of 2012. Allergan reported $1.23 non-GAAP diluted earnings per
share attributable to stockholders compared to $1.04 non-GAAP diluted earnings
per share attributable to stockholders for the third quarter of 2012, an 18.3
percent increase. Product Sales from Continuing Operations For the quarter ended
September 30, 2013: Allergan reported $1,528.4 million total product net sales.
Total product net sales increased 12.9 percent compared to total product net
sales in the third quarter of 2012. On a constant currency basis, total product
net sales increased 14.0 percent compared to total product net sales in the
third quarter of 2012. Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales increased 12.8
percent, or 13.9 percent on a constant currency basis, compared to total
specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the third quarter of 2012. Total medical
devices net sales increased 13.4 percent, or 14.6 percent on a constant currency
basis, compared to total medical devices net sales in the third quarter of 2012.
"We are pleased with our continued broad based double digit sales and earnings
growth performance during the third quarter driven by both our pharmaceutical
and medical device businesses," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's Chairman of
the Board and Chief Executive Officer. "Furthermore, we are excited by the
recent FDA approvals of JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC and BOTOXÂ® Cosmetic for
crow's feet lines." Product and Pipeline Update During the third quarter of
2013: On September 11, 2013, Allergan announced the approval by the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration (FDA) to market BOTOXÂ® Cosmetic (onabotulinumtoxinA),
for an additional indication to temporarily treat moderate to severe lateral
canthal lines, commonly known as "crow's feet" lines. BOTOXÂ® Cosmetic is the
first and only product of its kind approved for this indication. On September
25, 2013, Allergan announced that it had entered into a license agreement
pursuant to which, upon closing, Allergan will pay Medytox an upfront payment of
U.S. $65 million and Medytox will grant Allergan exclusive rights, worldwide
outside of Korea, to develop and, if approved, commercialize certain neurotoxin
product candidates currently in development, including a potential
liquid-injectable product. Pursuant to the agreement, Allergan has also agreed
to make additional contingent payments upon achieving certain development and
commercialization milestones and pay royalties on product sales. The closing of
the transaction is contingent on obtaining certain government approvals.
Following the end of the third quarter of 2013: On October 23, 2013, Allergan
announced that it had received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) to market JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC, the first and only
filler approved to temporarily correct age-related volume loss in the cheek area
in adults over the age of 21. On October 23, 2013, Allergan announced that
VISTABELÂ® received a Positive Opinion from the Agence Nationale de SÃ©curitÃ©
du MÃ©dicament et des Produits de SantÃ© (ANSM) for the temporary improvement in
the appearance of moderate to severe lateral canthal lines (crow's feet lines)
seen at maximum smile, either alone or when treated at the same time as
glabellar (or frown) lines seen at maximum frown in adult patients. This is an
important step towards securing national licences in the twenty seven countries
of the European Union as well as Norway and Iceland. " On October 28, 2013,
Allergan entered into a definitive agreement to sell its obesity intervention
business to Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. for an up-front cash payment of $75
million, subject to certain adjustments, and certain additional consideration,
including a $15 million minority equity interest in Apollo and contingent
consideration of up to $20 million to be paid upon the achievement of certain
regulatory and sales milestones. The transaction is expected to close in 2013,
subject to customary closing conditions. In the third quarter of 2013, Allergan
recorded an additional non-cash pre-tax disposal loss of $58.7 million ($37.6
million after tax) from the write-down of the obesity intervention business unit
assets held for sale to their estimated fair value based on the terms of the
sale agreement. Outlook For the full year of 2013, Allergan expects: Total
product net sales between $6,125 million and $6,200 million, which excludes the
obesity intervention business. Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales between
$5,295 million and $5,350 million. Total medical devices net sales between $830
million and $850 million. ALPHAGANÂ® franchise product net sales between $470
million and $480 million. LUMIGANÂ® franchise product net sales between $620
million and $640 million. RESTASISÂ® product net sales between $900 million and
$920 million. BOTOXÂ® product net sales between $1,960 million and $2,000
million. LATISSEÂ® product net sales at approximately $110 million. Breast
aesthetics product net sales between $380 million and $390 million. Facial
aesthetics product net sales between $450 million and $460 million. Non-GAAP
cost of sales to product net sales ratio at approximately 13%. Non-GAAP other
revenue at approximately $100 million. Non-GAAP selling, general and
administrative expenses to product net sales ratio at approximately 38%.
Non-GAAP research and development expenses to product net sales ratio at
approximately 16.5%. Non-GAAP amortization of intangible assets at approximately
$10 million. This expectation excludes the amortization of certain intangible
assets associated with business combinations, asset purchases and product
licenses. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders from
continuing operations between $4.74 and $4.76, which includes the dilutive
impact of the acquisition of MAP Pharmaceuticals, and excludes the 2012 impact
of the Research and Development tax credit, which was signed into law on January
2, 2013 and retroactively reinstated to January 1, 2012. Diluted shares
outstanding at approximately 302 million. Effective tax rate on non-GAAP
earnings from continuing operations between 26% and 27%. For the fourth quarter
of 2013, Allergan expects: Total product net sales between $1,585 million and
$1,660 million, which excludes the obesity intervention business. Non-GAAP
diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders from continuing
operations between $1.31 and $1.33, which includes the dilutive impact of the
acquisition of MAP Pharmaceuticals.


FDA Approves JUVEDERM VOLUMA XC

Oct 23, 2013

Allergan, Inc., today announced that the company has received approval from the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to market JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC,
the first and only filler approved to temporarily correct age-related volume
loss in the cheek area in adults over the age of 21. JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC
helps create a more youthful appearance to the face and provides natural-looking
and long-lasting results up to two years with optimal treatment.Since 2002,
Allergan has remained the leader in the medical aesthetics category as a result
of our continued commitment to research and development, which has led to the
approval of innovative products such as BOTOXÂ® Cosmetic and JUVÃ[0/00]DERMÂ®
XC, said Scott M. Whitcup, M.D., Executive Vice President, Research and
Development, Chief Scientific Officer, Allergan. We are pleased that the FDA has
now approved JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC, the first product of its kind
specifically formulated to correct age-related volume loss in the cheek area.
JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC represents the latest innovation in Allergan's
growing portfolio of facial aesthetic products developed to address previously
unmet patient needs.Allergan conducted a pivotal clinical trial in the United
States and Canada for submission to the FDA. The trial was designed to assess
the safety and effectiveness of JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC as a non-surgical
option for patients desiring volume in the cheek area to correct age-related
volume loss. The trial demonstrated that JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC was an
effective treatment compared to the control group, which did not receive
treatment. As people age, the cheek area can lose volume, causing the cheeks to
flatten out and the skin to droop and sag, said Dr. Derek H. Jones, Associate
Professor of Dermatology, UCLA, Founder and Medical Director, Skin Care and
Laser Physicians of Beverly Hills, and clinical investigator in the
JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC pivotal study. In the JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC
clinical trial, physicians and patients were able to see instant and visible
results, including correction of age-related volume loss in the cheek area and a
more youthful appearance to the face.JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC is made with
Allergan's proprietary VYCROSSâ¢ technology, an advanced manufacturing process
that results in a smooth gel that flows easily and consistently. This unique
formulation contributes to the lift capacity to correct volume loss in the cheek
area and to the duration of the product.2,3 Additionally, JUVÃ[0/00]DERM
VOLUMAâ¢ XC contains a small amount of lidocaine which helps to numb the
treatment area during the injection procedure. The JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢
formulation without lidocaine was first introduced in Europe in 2005.
JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ with lidocaine was first introduced outside the U.S. in
2009. As of August 31, 2013, JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ with lidocaine (branded as
JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC in the U.S.) is distributed in 72 countries,
including markets in Europe, Latin America, Middle East, Asia Pacific, and
Canada. The JUVÃ[0/00]DERMÂ® family of products, including JUVÃ[0/00]DERMÂ®
Ultra and Ultra Plus, are marketed and sold in 85 countries outside the United
States.4Now, with JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC, the only FDA approved filler
specifically developed for the cheek area, I have a new treatment that can help
correct age-related volume loss, in addition to the other JUVÃ[0/00]DERMÂ®
products that help to smooth away wrinkles and folds in the lower-face, said Dr.
Jones. The most common side effects observed in the clinical trial included
temporary injection-site tenderness, swelling, firmness, lumps/bumps, bruising,
pain, redness, discoloration, and itching. They were predominantly moderate
(uncomfortable) in severity, with a duration of two to four weeks.
JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC will be available in fall 2013.


Allergan Announces Quarterly Conference Call

Oct 04, 2013

Allergan, Inc. invites you to listen to David Pyott, Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Edwards, Executive Vice President, Finance and
Business Development, Chief Financial Officer, discuss the Company's third
quarter 2013 results on Tuesday, October 29, 2013.


Allergan Reports Second Quarter 2013 Operating Results

Jul 31, 2013

Allergan, Inc. today announced operating results for the quarter ended June 30,
2013. Allergan also announced that its Board of Directors has declared a second
quarter dividend of $0.05 per share, payable on September 12, 2013 to
stockholders of record on August 22, 2013.As a result of Allergan's approved
plan to sell its obesity intervention business unit, the financial results from
that business unit are reported as discontinued operations in the financial
tables of this press release. Prior year amounts have been retrospectively
revised for the discontinued operations.Operating Results Attributable to
Stockholders from Continuing OperationsFor the quarter ended June 30, 2013:
Allergan reported $1.17 diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders
compared to $0.96 diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders for
the second quarter of 2012. Allergan reported $1.22 non-GAAP diluted earnings
per share attributable to stockholders compared to $1.05 non-GAAP diluted
earnings per share attributable to stockholders for the second quarter of 2012,
a 16.2 percent increase.Product Sales from Continuing OperationsFor the quarter
ended June 30, 2013: Allergan reported $1,577.0 million total product net sales.
Total product net sales increased 10.6 percent compared to total product net
sales in the second quarter of 2012. On a constant currency basis, total product
net sales increased 10.9 percent compared to total product net sales in the
second quarter of 2012.Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales increased 11.1
percent, or 11.5 percent on a constant currency basis, compared to total
specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the second quarter of 2012.Total medical
devices net sales increased 7.4 percent, or 7.7 percent on a constant currency
basis, compared to total medical devices net sales in the second quarter of
2012."In the second quarter, double digit sales and earnings growth is in line
with our long term growth aspirations," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. "We are also pleased with
further R&D progress with the FDA Advisory Committee's unanimous recommendation
for JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC and with the filing of OZURDEXÂ® for diabetic
macular edema in both the United States and Europe." Product and Pipeline
UpdateDuring the second quarter of 2013: On April 16, 2013, Allergan announced
that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued a Complete Response
Letter (CRL) to its New Drug Application (NDA) for LEVADEXÂ® (dihydroergotamine)
inhalation aerosol for the acute treatment of migraine in adults. Allergan has
met with the FDA to clarify their specific requirements and has agreed to these
new requirements. We plan to submit our amended file by the end of 2013 and
expect approval in the second quarter of 2014.On May 2, 2013, Allergan announced
that the FDA General and Plastic Surgery Devices Panel of the Medical Devices
Advisory Committee voted unanimously that the benefits of JUVÃ[0/00]DERM
VOLUMAâ¢ XC, an injectable hyaluronic acid dermal filler for cheek augmentation
to correct age-related volume deficit in the mid-face, outweigh the risks. If
approved, JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC would be the first and only dermal filler
in the United States with this indication. The Advisory Committee's
recommendation, although not binding, will be considered by the FDA when making
the final approval decision for JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC. If approved by the
FDA, Allergan anticipates launching JUVÃ[0/00]DERM VOLUMAâ¢ XC in late
2013.Allergan submitted a Supplemental New Drug Application with the FDA seeking
approval of OZURDEXÂ® (dexamethasone intravitreal implant) 0.7 mg to treat
diabetic macular edema.Allergan submitted a Type II variation to the Marketing
Authorisation Application with the European Medicines Agency (EMA) seeking
approval of OZURDEXÂ® 700 micrograms intravitreal implant in applicator to treat
adult patients with diabetic macular edema.Other Events On June 24, 2013,
Allergan announced that David E. I. Pyott, Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer, Allergan, and the Allergan Board of Directors named Douglas
S. Ingram as President of Allergan. In this newly established role, Mr. Ingram
will report directly to Mr. Pyott and will lead the company's global commercial
operations, with responsibility for the company's broad portfolio of
pharmaceutical, consumer and medical device products.OutlookFor the full year of
2013, Allergan expects: Total product net sales between $6,050 million and
$6,200 million, which excludes the obesity intervention business.Total specialty
pharmaceuticals net sales between $5,230 million and $5,340 million.Total
medical devices net sales between $820 million and $860 million.ALPHAGANÂ®
franchise product net sales between $450 million and $480 million.LUMIGANÂ®
franchise product net sales between $620 million and $640 million.RESTASISÂ®
product net sales between $870 million and $900 million.BOTOXÂ® product net
sales between $1,940 million and $2,000 million.LATISSEÂ® product net sales at
approximately $110 million.Breast aesthetics product net sales between $380
million and $400 million.Facial aesthetics product net sales between $440
million and $460 million.Non-GAAP cost of sales to product net sales ratio at
approximately 13%.Non-GAAP other revenue at approximately $90 million.Non-GAAP
selling, general and administrative expenses to product net sales ratio at
approximately 38%.Non-GAAP research and development expenses to product net
sales ratio at approximately 16.5%.Non-GAAP amortization of intangible assets at
approximately $10 million. This expectation excludes the amortization of certain
intangible assets associated with business combinations, asset purchases and
product licenses.Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to
stockholders from continuing operations between $4.72 and $4.76, which includes
the dilutive impact of the acquisition of MAP Pharmaceuticals, and excludes the
2012 impact of the Research and Development tax credit, which was signed into
law on January 2, 2013 and retroactively reinstated to January 1, 2012.Diluted
shares outstanding at approximately 303 million.Effective tax rate on non-GAAP
earnings from continuing operations between 26% and 27%.For the third quarter of
2013, Allergan expects: Total product net sales between $1,500 million and
$1,575 million, which excludes the obesity intervention business.Non-GAAP
diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders from continuing
operations between $1.18 and $1.20, which includes the dilutive impact of the
acquisition of MAP Pharmaceuticals.In this press release, Allergan reports
certain historical and expected non-GAAP results, including earnings
attributable to Allergan, Inc., non-GAAP basic and diluted earnings per share
attributable to stockholders as well as non-GAAP other revenue, non-GAAP cost of
sales, non-GAAP selling, general and administrative expenses, non-GAAP research
and development expenses, non-GAAP amortization of intangible assets, non-GAAP
impairment of intangible assets and related costs, non-GAAP restructuring
charges, non-GAAP interest expense, non-GAAP other, net, non-GAAP earnings
before income taxes from continuing operations, non-GAAP provision for income
taxes, non-GAAP earnings from discontinued operations, non-GAAP expected loss on
sale of discontinued operations, non-GAAP net earnings and non-GAAP net sales
reported in constant currency. Non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled to the
most directly comparable GAAP financial measure in the financial tables of this
press release and the accompanying footnotes. The information that accompanies
the financial tables of this press release also includes an explanation of why
Allergan uses these non-GAAP financial measures, certain limitations associated
with the use of these non-GAAP financial measures, the manner in which Allergan
management compensates for those limitations, and the reasons why Allergan
management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful
information to investors.


FDA Issues Draft Guidance On Allergan's Restasis For Treatment Of Chronic Dry
Eye

Jun 24, 2013

The FDA issued a draft guidance on Allergan Inc.'s chronic dry eye treatment
Restasis that would enable quicker and easier approval of generic versions of
the drugs. In its guidance, FDA said that generic versions of Restasis
(Cyclosporine Ophthalmic Emulsion) eye drops will be approved quickly based on
laboratory studies without a requirement for human trials, if the generic drug
is similar in composition to the Allergan's drug.The agency further noted that
conducting studies in humans will not be feasible or reliable due to modest
efficacy of Restasis. However, a company planning to conduct human trials for a
generic version of the drug should first submit the study protocol to FDA for
review.Reuters quoted Allergan as saying, We believe the FDA's proposed testing
method cannot predict clinical safety and efficacy, and thus cannot be used to
establish bioequivalence. We will provide this feedback to the FDA during the
public comment period. The company is reviewing all its potential options,
including filing a Citizen's Petition to ensure that the appropriate scientific
considerations are evaluated."


Allergan Announces Appointment of Douglas S. Ingram as President

Jun 24, 2013

Allergan, Inc. today announced that David E.I. Pyott, Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer, Allergan, and the Allegan Board of Directors have named
Douglas S. Ingram as President of Allergan.In this newly established role, Mr.
Ingram will report directly to Mr. Pyott and will lead the company's global
commercial operations, with responsibility for the company's broad portfolio of
pharmaceutical, consumer and medical device products including leading
Ophthalmology products such as RESTASISÂ®, LUMIGANÂ®, ALPHAGANÂ®, COMBIGANÂ®,
GANFORTÂ®, OPTIVEÂ® and OZURDEXÂ®Facial Aesthetics products such as BOTOXÂ®
Cosmetic and the JUVÃ[0/00]DERMÂ® family of facial fillersBOTOXÂ® for
therapeutic uses, approved in over 85 countries to treat 26 different conditions
such as spasticities, dystonias, chronic migraine and the urological conditions
of neurogenic detrusor overactivity and idiopathic overactive bladderand Medical
Dermatology products such as ACZONEÂ®. Mr. Ingram will begin transitioning to
this new role immediately."During his 17-year tenure at Allergan, Doug has
consistently demonstrated leadership and high performance across many segments
of our business," said David E.I. Pyott, Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer, Allergan. "Doug has built an impressive record of
accomplishment and is widely regarded throughout our organization as a leader
who is committed to the highest standards of excellence in all areas. I am
confident that his broad range of commercial and functional experiences will
serve him well as he assumes this new and important role." With more than 25
years of professional experience, Mr. Ingram has a strong background in the
health care industry, both in the U.S. and internationally. For the past three
years, Mr. Ingram has served as Executive Vice President and President, Europe,
Africa and Middle East (EAME). In this role, he was responsible for Allergan's
regional pharmaceutical and medical device operations, with a focus on strategic
planning, sales and marketing, development and general management. Prior to
leading the EAME region, Mr. Ingram served as Executive Vice President and Chief
Administrative Officer. During Mr. Ingram's tenure in this role, at various
times, he led Allergan's Global Legal Affairs, Compliance, Internal Audit and
Internal Controls, Human Resources, Regulatory Affairs and Safety, and Global
Corporate Affairs and Public Relations departments. Mr. Ingram also served as
Allergan's Secretary and Chief Ethics Officer from July 2001 to July 2010. Mr.
Ingram joined Allergan in 1996 as Senior Attorney and Chief Litigation Officer
and was promoted to Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary, and
later, to General Counsel. Before joining Allergan in 1996, Mr. Ingram was an
attorney with Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher from 1988, practicing in the area of
complex commercial litigation. Mr. Ingram graduated magna cum laude with a
Bachelor of Science degree from Arizona State University in 1985 and received
his Juris Doctorate from the University of Arizona in 1988, graduating summa cum
laude and Order of the Coif.


Acadia Pharma's Partner Allergan Advances New Glaucoma Compound Into Preclinical
Development

Jun 03, 2013

Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Acadia Pharma) announced that Allergan, Inc. has
advanced an additional product candidate as a potential new treatment for
glaucoma. The new small molecule resulted from joint research conducted by the
companies under their recently concluded research collaboration focused on new
therapies for glaucoma and related ophthalmic conditions.Dr Uli Hacksell, CEO of
Acadia Pharma, said, We are delighted that Allergan has advanced another new
chemical entity emerging from our collaborative research into preclinical
development. This molecule has demonstrated an attractive profile and has
distinctly different properties from other glaucoma compounds advanced under the
collaboration. This program benefits greatly from Allergan's expertise and
leadership in the eye care field and further illustrates the combined strength
of our joint discovery capabilities.Allergan is responsible for development and
has worldwide rights to commercialize products advanced under the companies
glaucoma collaboration. Acadia Pharma is eligible to receive payments upon the
successful achievement of clinical and regulatory milestones as well as
royalties on future worldwide product sales, if any.


Allergan Reports Revenue Of $1.5 Billion In Q1 2013

May 01, 2013

Allergan, Inc., a multi-specialty healthcare company, reported total revenue of
$1.5 billion in the first quarter of 2013 compared to $1.3 billion in the same
period of 2012. Net income attributable to the company was $12.5m, or $0.04 per
diluted share, in the first quarter of 2013, compared to $229.8m, or $0.74 per
diluted share, in the same period of 2012.Operating Results Attributable to
Stockholders from Continuing OperationsFor the quarter ended March 31, 2013:
Allergan reported $0.89 diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders
compared to $0.74 diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders for
the first quarter of 2012. Diluted earnings per share for the first quarter of
2013 include the full year 2012 impact of the U.S. Research and Development tax
credit, which was signed into law on January 2, 2013 and retroactively
reinstated to January 1, 2012. The estimated impact of the retroactive Research
and Development tax credit for 2012 is approximately $17.3 million, or $0.06
diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders for the first quarter of
2013. Allergan reported $0.98 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable
to stockholders compared to $0.83 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share
attributable to stockholders for the first quarter of 2012, an 18.1 percent
increase. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders
exclude the full year 2012 impact of the U.S. Research and Development tax
credit. Product Sales from Continuing Operations For the quarter ended March 31,
2013: Allergan reported $1,432.5 million total product net sales. Total product
net sales increased 8.4 percent compared to total product net sales in the first
quarter of 2012. On a constant currency basis, total product net sales increased
9.0 percent compared to total product net sales in the first quarter of 2012.
Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales increased 8.1 percent, or 8.7 percent
on a constant currency basis, compared to total specialty pharmaceuticals net
sales in the first quarter of 2012. Total medical devices net sales increased
10.2 percent, or 10.5 percent on a constant currency basis, compared to total
medical devices net sales in the first quarter of 2012. Product and Pipeline
Update During the first quarter of 2013: On January 18, 2013, Allergan announced
that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved BOTOX
(onabotulinumtoxinA) for the treatment of overactive bladder with symptoms of
urge urinary incontinence, urgency and frequency in adults who have had an
inadequate response to or are intolerant of an anticholinergic medication. On
January 22, 2013, Allergan and MAP Pharmaceuticals announced that they entered
into a definitive merger agreement whereby Allergan would acquire 100% of the
shares of MAP Pharmaceuticals for a price of $25.00 per share. On March 1, 2013,
Allergan completed the acquisition of MAP Pharmaceuticals, a biopharmaceutical
company focused on developing and commercializing new therapies in Neurology,
including LEVADEX (dihydroergotamine) inhalation aerosol for the acute treatment
of migraine in adults. LEVADEX is currently under review with the FDA. On
January 29, 2013, Allergan restructured its collaboration agreement with
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Spectrum") pursuant to which Spectrum
reacquired all rights from Allergan under the collaboration agreement in
exchange for agreeing to pay Allergan a royalty on future net sales of specified
products. Going forward, Allergan will have no further obligations under the
agreement to share development costs or perform any development, regulatory or
other activities. On February 1, 2013, Allergan completed its previously
announced review of strategic options for maximizing the value of its obesity
intervention business, and has formally committed to pursue a sale of that
business unit. Accordingly, Allergan has begun to consider offers for the sale
of that business unit and currently expects to execute a signed agreement by the
middle of 2013. As a result of Allergan's approved plan to sell its obesity
intervention business unit, beginning in the first quarter of 2013, the
financial results from that business unit are reported as discontinued
operations in Allergan's statement of earnings and the related net assets are
presented as assets and liabilities held for sale in Allergan's balance sheet.
Prior period statements of earnings and the balance sheet as of December 31,
2012 have been retrospectively revised to reflect the financial results of the
obesity intervention business unit as discontinued operations and the related
assets and liabilities as held for sale. In the first quarter of 2013, Allergan
also reported a separate non-cash pre-tax disposal loss of $346.2 million
($259.0 million after tax) from the write-down of the net assets held for sale
to their estimated fair value less costs to sell. As previously stated, Allergan
intends to offset any potential non-GAAP earnings dilution related to this
transaction. On February 20, 2013, Allergan announced that the FDA approved the
NATRELLE 410 Highly Cohesive Anatomically Shaped Silicone-Filled Breast Implants
for use in breast reconstruction, augmentation and revision surgery. Following
the end of the first quarter of 2013: On April 16, 2013, Allergan announced that
the FDA issued a Complete Response Letter (CRL) to its New Drug Application
(NDA) for LEVADEX (dihydroergotamine) inhalation aerosol for the acute treatment
of migraine in adults. Allergan is pleased that, in addition to the response,
the company has already received draft labeling from the FDA. Allergan
anticipates minimal revisions to this labeling. The company is committed to
bringing LEVADEX to market as a potential new acute treatment to address a
significant unmet need among the millions of people living with debilitating
migraines. The main issues cited in the CRL were already identified by the FDA
in prior discussions with Allergan. Allergan has already taken actions to
address these concerns, including the April 12, 2013 acquisition of Exemplar
Pharma, LLC, the canister filling unit manufacturer, for less than $20 million.
On the May 1, 2013 first quarter earnings call, Allergan will provide an update
on both the DARPin and Bimatoprost Scalp Phase II clinical programs. David EI
Pyott, chairman of the board, president and CEO of Allergan, said, "In the first
quarter, Allergan generated strong sales and earnings growth. We are pleased
with the rapid integration of SkinMedica, the completion of the MAP
Pharmaceuticals acquisition and are committed to bringing LEVADEXÂ® as an
innovative therapy for migraine to market."


Allergan Chooses Agnitio's Pull Marketing Software Suite

Apr 25, 2013

Agnitio, a provider of closed-loop marketing (CLM) software, deployed its
software suite at Allergan, Inc., a multi-specialty healthcare company, with
plans to integrate it with the company's existing CRM solution. Agnitio's
software has given Allergan's reps a seamless mobile solution with pull
marketing capabilities, providing a single tool to enable highly engaging
interactions with customers and invaluable marketing insights.Gary Duncan, head
of digital marketing EMEA at Allergan, said, "Agnitio offers a solution via a
single flexible system so Allergan can manage digital content deployment,
collect data on material usage to support the drive of marketing excellence and
integrate with our CRM system. This scalable technology has allowed Allergan to
achieve our initial goals across multiple countries in a short period of time.As
well as pharmaceutical companies being able to deploy the Agnitio offering, many
of their creative, marketing and advertising consultancies will be familiar with
it, following a 50% increase in the number of agency licenses granted globally
in recent months. Popular for its speed, flexibility and ease of use, the
software is based on HTML5, making it excellent for localizing content while
negating the need and desire to produce numerous independent Apps, leading to
unrelated content that is costly and difficult to control, the company said.
Eyal Steinitz, COO of Agnitio, said, "Our software suite and products are
ideally suited to the needs of large, multi-national pharmaceutical companies
who want to treat their customers as individuals, providing them with the
information and services they are actually looking for. Our offerings are
flexible and their ability to integrate with existing CRM provisions means that
reps can use the same front-end tools to interact with the systems they are used
to."


Allergan Announces Quarterly Conference Call

Apr 03, 2013

Allergan, Inc. invites you to listen to David Pyott, Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Edwards, Executive Vice
President, Finance and Business Development, Chief Financial Officer, discuss
the Company's first quarter 2013 results on Wednesday, May 1, 2013.The live
Webcast can be accessed through the Allergan Web site, www.allergan.com,
beginning at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time. A replay of the discussion will be
available shortly after the call and can be accessed through www.allergan.com,
or by dialing 1-800-813-5526 for domestic locations or 1-402-280-1632 for
international locations. A passcode will not be required. The replay will be
available for one week following the live call.It is Allergan's policy to comply
fully with Regulation FD. Therefore, Allergan intends to utilize this Webcast
event to discuss financially oriented goals and objectives and to disclose
material Company and industry-based topics in an open manner. Allergan does not
plan to report or comment on its progress during the current fiscal quarter. Any
statement made by others with respect to progress mid-quarter cannot be
attributed to Allergan. During a quarter, Allergan's commentary will be limited
to discussions of public information, such as historic financial performance,
and matters that are deemed to be immaterial. Allergan will make no comments
with respect to market rumors or speculation.


Allergan Reports Revenue Of $1.5 Billion In Q4 2012

Feb 05, 2013

Allergan, Inc., a multi-specialty healthcare company, reported product net sales
of $1.5 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared to $1.4 billion in the
same period of 2011. Net income attributable to the company was $324.2m, or
$1.06 per diluted share, in the fourth quarter of 2012, compared to $279.8m, or
$0.90 per diluted share, in the same period of 2011.Allergan reported $1.15
non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders compared to
$1.00 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders for the
fourth quarter of 2011, a 15.0 percent increase.Diluted and non-GAAP diluted
earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2012 exclude the full year 2012
impact of the U.S. Research and Development tax credit, which was signed into
law on January 2, 2013 and retroactively reinstated to January 1, 2012. The
estimated impact of the Research and Development tax credit on net earnings
attributable to Allergan for the full year 2012, which will be reported in
Allergan's operating results in the first quarter of 2013, was approximately
$17.3 million, or $0.06 diluted earnings per share based on weighted average
diluted shares outstanding of 307.1 million for the full year 2012. Product
Sales For the quarter ended December 31, 2012: Total specialty pharmaceuticals
net sales increased 8.2 percent, or 9.0 percent on a constant currency basis,
compared to total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the fourth quarter of
2011. Total medical devices net sales increased 2.9 percent, or 3.6 percent on a
constant currency basis, compared to total medical devices net sales in the
fourth quarter of 2011. Based on internal information and assumptions, full year
2012 therapeutic sales accounted for approximately 52% of total BOTOX
(onabotulinumtoxinA) sales and increased approximately 13% compared to 2011.
Full year 2012 aesthetic sales accounted for approximately 48% of total BOTOX
sales and increased approximately 8% compared to 2011. Product and Pipeline
Update During the fourth quarter of 2012: On November 16, 2012, Allergan
announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement with SkinMedica, Inc.
to acquire the privately held company's topical aesthetics skin care business.
On December 19, 2012, Allergan announced completion of the acquisition of
SkinMedica, Inc. Under the terms of the agreement, Allergan paid approximately
$350 million (subject to certain adjustments) for the business, which includes a
variety of "physician dispensed" non-prescription aesthetic skin care products
and prescription products. On November 19, 2012, Allergan received the European
Commission decision for a new preservative-free formulation of LUMIGAN
(Bimatoprost Ophthalmic Solution) 0.03% in single-dose containers for the 27
countries of the European Union. LUMIGAN is licensed for the reduction of
elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) in adults with chronic open-angle glaucoma
and ocular hypertension and is now available in a formulation for those patients
who require a preservative-free treatment. In December 2012, the U.S. District
Court in Santa Ana, California granted Allergan's summary judgment motions,
finding that Lifetech's Rapidlash, Cosmetic Alchemy's LiLash, and Rocasuba's
neuLash lines of products are drugs sold without approval and are therefore
misbranded in violation of California law as well as the federal statutes which
California law incorporates. On October 12, 2012, the court denied a motion by
Athena Cosmetics, Inc. for reconsideration of the court's decision to grant
Allergan's motion for summary judgment against Athena Cosmetics, Inc. on our
unfair competition cause of action. In July 2012, the court granted Allergan's
summary judgment motion, finding that Athena's Revitalash line of products are
drugs sold without approval and are therefore misbranded in violation of
California law as well as the federal statutes which California law
incorporates. On December 19, 2012, Allergan announced that BOTOX (botulinum
toxin type A) received a positive opinion from the Irish Medicines Board for the
treatment of idiopathic overactive bladder (OAB) with symptoms of urinary
incontinence, urgency and frequency in adult patients who have an inadequate
response to, or are intolerant of, anticholinergic medications. This is an
important step towards securing national licenses in the 14 European countries
involved in the Mutual Recognition Procedure. Allergan submitted a supplemental
biologics license application (sBLA) with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) for the use of BOTOX Cosmetic (onabotulinumtoxinA) for the temporary
improvement in the appearance of moderate to severe lateral canthal lines
(crow's feet lines) in adults treated either alone or simultaneously with
glabellar lines. Following the end of the fourth quarter of 2012: On January 18,
2013, Allergan announced that the FDA approved BOTOX (onabotulinumtoxinA) for
the treatment of overactive bladder with symptoms of urge urinary incontinence,
urgency and frequency in adults who have had an inadequate response to or are
intolerant of an anticholinergic medication. On January 22, 2013, Allergan and
MAP Pharmaceuticals announced that they entered into a definitive merger
agreement whereby Allergan will acquire 100% of the shares of MAP
Pharmaceuticals for a price of $25.00 per share. MAP Pharmaceuticals is a
biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing new
therapies in Neurology, including Levadex, an orally inhaled drug for the
potential acute treatment of migraine in adults. Levadex is currently under
review with the FDA. In January 2013, Allergan restructured its collaboration
agreement with Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Spectrum") pursuant to which
Spectrum reacquired all rights from Allergan under the collaboration agreement
in exchange for agreeing to pay Allergan a royalty on future net sales of
specified products. Going forward, Allergan will have no further obligations
under the agreement to share development costs or perform any development,
regulatory or other activities. On February 1, 2013, Allergan completed its
previously announced review of strategic options for maximizing the value of its
obesity intervention business, and has formally committed to pursue a sale of
that business unit. Accordingly, Allergan will begin to consider offers for the
sale of that business unit and currently expects to execute a signed agreement
in the first half of 2013. As a result of Allergan's approved plan to sell its
obesity intervention business unit, beginning in the first quarter of 2013,
Allergan expects to report the financial results from that business unit in
discontinued operations in its statement of earnings and balance sheet, and
intends to retrospectively adjust its prior period statements of earnings and
its balance sheet as of December 31, 2012 to reflect the classification of
assets and liabilities held for sale as discontinued operations. In the first
quarter of 2013, Allergan expects to report income from discontinued operations
and a separate expected disposal loss from the write-down to fair value of the
net assets held for sale. Allergan is currently unable to estimate the range of
the expected disposal loss. As previously stated, Allergan intends to offset any
potential earnings dilution related to this transaction. David EI Pyott,
chairman of the board, president and CEO of Allergan, said, "Evidenced by our
recent acquisitions of SkinMedica and MAP Pharmaceuticals and our decision to
declare our obesity intervention assets as a discontinued business, we are
dynamically managing our portfolio to drive long term sales growth. In 2013, we
look forward to making a notable increase in R&D investment, to secure several
regulatory approvals and to growing our markets."


Allergan Announces Quarterly Conference Call

Jan 07, 2013

Allergan, Inc. invites you to listen to David Pyott, Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Edwards, Executive Vice
President, Finance and Business Development, Chief Financial Officer, discuss
the Company's fourth quarter and full year 2012 results on Tuesday, February 5,
2013. The live Webcast can be accessed through the Allergan Web site,
www.allergan.com, beginning at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time. A replay of the
discussion will be available shortly after the call and can be accessed through
www.allergan.com, or by dialing 1-888-567-0496 for domestic locations or
1-402-998-1844 for international locations. A passcode will not be required. The
replay will be available for one week following the live call.It is Allergan's
policy to comply fully with Regulation FD. Therefore, Allergan intends to
utilize this Webcast event to discuss financially oriented goals and objectives
and to disclose material Company and industry-based topics in an open manner.
Allergan does not plan to report or comment on its progress during the current
fiscal quarter. Any statement made by others with respect to progress
mid-quarter cannot be attributed to Allergan. During a quarter, Allergan's
commentary will be limited to discussions of public information, such as
historic financial performance, and matters that are deemed to be immaterial.
Allergan will make no comments with respect to market rumors or speculation.


Allergan Reports Revenue Of $1.4 Billion In Q3 2012

Oct 30, 2012

Allergan, Inc., a multi-specialty healthcare company, reported total revenue of
$1.4 billion in the third quarter of 2012 compared to $1.3 billion in the same
period of 2011. Net income attributable to the company was $249.4m, or $0.82 per
diluted share, in the third quarter of 2012, compared to $249.8m, or $0.81 per
diluted share, in the same period of 2011.Allergan reported $1,391.1 million
total product net sales. Total product net sales increased 6.1 percent compared
to total product net sales in the third quarter of 2011. On a constant currency
basis, total product net sales increased 9.4 percent compared to total product
net sales in the third quarter of 2011.Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales
increased 8.1 percent, or 11.4 percent on a constant currency basis, compared to
total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the third quarter of 2011.Total
medical devices net sales decreased 4.0 percent, or 0.3 percent on a constant
currency basis, compared to total medical devices net sales in the third quarter
of 2011. Product and Pipeline Update: During the third quarter of 2012: On
August 21, 2012, Allergan and Molecular Partners AG announced that they have
significantly expanded their existing relationship by entering into two separate
agreements to discover, develop, and commercialize proprietary therapeutic
DARPin products for the treatment of serious ophthalmic diseases. The first
agreement is an exclusive license agreement for the design, development and
commercialization of a potent dual anti-VEGF-A/PDGF-B DARPin ("MP0260") and its
corresponding backups for the treatment of exudative (wet) age-related macular
degeneration (AMD) and related conditions. The second agreement is an exclusive
discovery alliance agreement under which the parties are collaborating to design
and develop DARPin products against selected targets that are implicated in
causing serious diseases of the eye. On September 4, 2012, Allergan marked the
opening of the company's first large facility in the state of New Jersey. The
new Research & Development Center, which will be specifically focused on
clinical development, is a significant expansion of the company's footprint in
New Jersey and is expected to eventually house several hundred employees. On
September 28, 2012, Allergan received approval from the Japanese Ministry of
Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW) for the NATRELLE line of round silicone
gel-filled breast implants and Style 133 tissue expanders. Allergan is the first
company to receive approval from MHLW in Japan for breast implants for women
undergoing breast augmentation, revision or reconstructive surgery.Following the
end of the third quarter of 2012: Allergan is exploring strategic options for
maximizing the value of its obesity intervention business, including among other
things, a potential sale of that business unit. To the extent Allergan elects to
pursue such a strategic option, the company intends to offset any potential
earnings dilution related to the transaction. On October 1, 2012, U.S. District
Judge Andrew J. Guilford entered an order providing that the injunction against
Merz Aesthetics prohibiting it from, among other things, selling or soliciting
purchases of its product Xeomin in the facial aesthetics market, shall remain in
place until January 9, 2013. The order also provides that the terms of the
injunction that restrict Merz Aesthetics' ability to sell and solicit purchases
of its dermal fillers, as well as the terms that restrict Merz Pharmaceuticals'
ability to sell and solicit purchases of Xeomin in the therapeutic market, shall
remain in place until November 1, 2012. On October 12, 2012, the U.S. District
Court in Santa Ana, California denied a motion by Athena Cosmetics, Inc. for
reconsideration of the court's decision to grant Allergan's motion for summary
judgment against Athena Cosmetics, Inc. on our unfair competition cause of
action. In July 2012, the court granted Allergan's summary judgment motion,
finding that Athena's Revitalash line of products are drugs sold without
approval and are therefore misbranded in violation of California law as well as
the federal statutes which California law incorporates. David E I Pyott,
chairman of the board, president and CEO of Allergan, said, In the third
quarter, Allergan again delivered solid earnings growth in spite of the strong
U.S. Dollar relative to virtually all major currencies. In addition, we were
pleased to mark the opening of our new R&D facility in New Jersey, as well as to
announce the expansion of our relationship with Molecular Partners."


Allergan Announces Quarterly Conference Call

Oct 03, 2012

Allergan, Inc. invites you to listen to David Pyott, Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Edwards, Executive Vice
President, Finance and Business Development, Chief Financial Officer, discuss
the Company's third quarter 2012 results on Tuesday, October 30, 2012.The live
Webcast can be accessed through the Allergan Web site, www.allergan.com,
beginning at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time. A replay of the discussion will be
available shortly after the call and can be accessed through www.allergan.com,
or by dialing 1-888-566-0076 for domestic locations or 1-402-998-1224 for
international locations. A passcode will not be required. The replay will be
available for one week following the live call.It is Allergan's policy to comply
fully with Regulation FD. Therefore, Allergan intends to utilize this Webcast
event to discuss financially oriented goals and objectives and to disclose
material Company and industry-based topics in an open manner. Allergan does not
plan to report or comment on its progress during the current fiscal quarter. Any
statement made by others with respect to progress mid-quarter cannot be
attributed to Allergan. During a quarter, Allergan's commentary will be limited
to discussions of public information, such as historic financial performance,
and matters that are deemed to be immaterial. Allergan will make no comments
with respect to market rumors or speculation.


Kirby Receives Contract From Allergan To Install Mechanical Piping And HVAC
Services At Westport Manufacturing Site, US

Sep 23, 2012

Kirby Group Engineering secured contract to install all mechanical piping and
HVAC services on a new cleanroom build project for Allergan Inc. at their
Westport manufacturing site, US.The project involves the construction of new
classified cleanroom space within an existing fallow facility. In addition to
HVAC services the company also installs hygienic piping to serve a new purified
water loop. The company is working closely with Allergan, their design
representatives and other trade contractors to successfully deliver this project
as expeditiously as possible to allow for production ramp-up.


Allergan Opens New R&D Center In Bridgewater, New Jersey

Sep 04, 2012

Allergan, Inc., a multi-specialty healthcare company, opened its new R&D center
in Bridgewater, New Jersey. The new R&D center, which will be specifically
focused on clinical development, is a significant expansion of the company's
footprint in New Jersey and is expected to eventually house several hundred
employees. The company announced that the new R&D center is its first largest
facility in the state of New Jersey.David EI Pyott, chairman of the board,
president and CEO of Allergan, said, "For more than 60 years, Allergan has built
a proud history based on two fundamental principles - scientific innovation and
focus on doctors and their patients. We will continue to increase our investment
in R&D to fuel innovation and expect to spend over $1 billion in 2013. Our New
Jersey clinical development site will allow us to benefit from the expertise of
the many talented R&D professionals that reside in this state and, most
importantly, bring novel medical therapies to patients across the world."


Allergan Reports Revenue Of $1.5 Billion In Q2 2012

Aug 01, 2012

Allergan, Inc., a multi-specialty healthcare company, reported a total revenue
of $1.5 billion in the second quarter of 2012 compared to $1.4 billion in the
same period of 2011. Net income attributable to the company was $295.4m, or
$0.96 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2012, compared to $246.6m, or
$0.79 per diluted share, in the same period of 2011.R&D expenses were $232m in
the second quarter of 2012, compared to $257.4m in the same period of 2011.
Selling, general and administrative expenses were $584.6m in the second quarter
of 2012, compared to $566.7m in the same period of 2011.The company reported a
total revenue of $2.9 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2012 compared to
$2.7 billion for the same period of 2011. Net income attributable to the company
was $525.2m, or $1.70 per diluted share, for the six months ended June 30, 2012,
compared to $404.9m, or $1.30 per diluted share, for the same period of 2011.
R&D expenses were $457m for the six months ended June 30, 2012 compared to
$455.1m for the same period of 2011. Selling, general and administrative
expenses were $1.17 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2012 compared to
$1.16 billion for the same period of 2011. Product and pipeline update: During
the second quarter of 2012: Allergan submitted an application with Health Canada
seeking approval for the use of BOTOX (onabotulinumtoxinA) as treatment of
overactive bladder with symptoms of urinary incontinence, urgency, and
frequency, in adult patients who have an inadequate response to or are
intolerant of an anticholinergic medication. David EI Pyott, chairman of the
board, president and CEO of Allergan, said, "In the second quarter, Allergan
continued to deliver strong earnings growth in spite of the strong U.S. Dollar
relative to virtually all major currencies. In addition, we continue to focus on
identifying efficiencies so that we can continue to invest strongly in R&D to
drive innovation."


Allergan Announces Quarterly Conference Call

Jul 06, 2012

Allergan, Inc. invites you to listen to David Pyott, Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Edwards, Executive Vice
President, Finance and Business Development, Chief Financial Officer, discuss
the Company's second quarter 2012 results on Wednesday, August 1, 2012. The live
Webcast can be accessed through the Allergan Web site, www.allergan.com,
beginning at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time. A replay of the discussion will be
available shortly after the call and can be accessed through www.allergan.com,
or by dialing 1-800-518-0083 for domestic locations or 1-402-220-9088 for
international locations. A passcode will not be required. The replay will be
available for one week following the live call.It is Allergan's policy to comply
fully with Regulation FD. Therefore, Allergan intends to utilize this Webcast
event to discuss financially oriented goals and objectives and to disclose
material Company and industry-based topics in an open manner. Allergan does not
plan to report or comment on its progress during the current fiscal quarter. Any
statement made by others with respect to progress mid-quarter cannot be
attributed to Allergan. During a quarter, Allergan's commentary will be limited
to discussions of public information, such as historic financial performance,
and matters that are deemed to be immaterial. Allergan will make no comments
with respect to market rumors or speculation.


Allergan Announces Quarterly Conference Call

Jul 06, 2012

Allergan, Inc. invites you to listen to David Pyott, Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Edwards, Executive Vice President, Finance and
Business Development, Chief Financial Officer, discuss the Company's second
quarter 2013 results on Wednesday, July 31, 2013.The live Webcast can be
accessed through the Allergan Web site, www.allergan.com, beginning at 8:00 a.m.
Pacific Time. A replay of the discussion will be available shortly after the
call and can be accessed through www.allergan.com, or by dialing 1-800-839-2234
for domestic locations or 1-402-998-1175 for international locations. A passcode
will not be required. The replay will be available for one week following the
live call.It is Allergan's policy to comply fully with Regulation FD. Therefore,
Allergan intends to utilize this Webcast event to discuss financially oriented
goals and objectives and to disclose material Company and industry-based topics
in an open manner. Allergan does not plan to report or comment on its progress
during the current fiscal quarter. Any statement made by others with respect to
progress mid-quarter cannot be attributed to Allergan. During a quarter,
Allergan's commentary will be limited to discussions of public information, such
as historic financial performance, and matters that are deemed to be immaterial.
Allergan will make no comments with respect to market rumors or speculation.


Allergan Launches First EU Public Awareness And Education Campaign on Importance
Of Quality In Medical Aesthetics

May 08, 2012

Allergan, Inc. announced the European launch of its landmark public awareness
and education initiative highlighting the importance of quality in medical
aesthetics. In the aftermath of the recent Poly Implant ProthÃ¨se (PIP) breast
implant scandal, consumers and healthcare practitioners have taken an increased
interest in manufacturing standards and product safety within the medical
aesthetics industry.As the leading manufacturer of breast implants and facial
injectable products, Allergan has taken the initiative to develop this
first-of-its-kind communications campaign designed to educate both consumers and
healthcare practitioners about the importance of quality when making choices in
medical aesthetics. The 'Quality is Key' campaign will be rolled out across
eight European countries, with the aim of guiding over 150,000 conversations
between consumers interested in medical aesthetics procedures and their
healthcare practitioner.Douglas S Ingram, president of Allergan EAME, said,
"Product quality, more than any other feature, should be the key differentiating
factor when healthcare practitioners make product choices with their patients
regarding medical aesthetics procedures. Scandals like PIP, while rare, risk a
loss of confidence in the integrity of the medical aesthetics industry and the
products used for aesthetic procedures. Empowering healthcare practitioners and
consumers to make choices about the products they use based on quality will help
avoid another scandal like PIP happening again. That is where our 'Quality is
Key' campaign comes in. The campaign is designed to arm both the patient and the
healthcare practitioner with objective information about product and
manufacturing quality so they can have a meaningful consultation that centres
around why quality matters." The 'Quality is Key' campaign consists of a variety
of tools and resources for consumers interested in medical aesthetics, including
five key questions to drive informed conversations with healthcare
practitioners. By seeking answers to these questions from their chosen
consultant, patients can feel more confident that they are choosing the best
quality procedures and products. Simultaneously, Allergan are working with
healthcare practitioners across Europe to provide them with the facts,
information and tools they need to confidently address patients' concerns. Dr
Nigel Mercer, former president of BAAPS (The British Association of Aesthetic
Plastic Surgeons) says "I believe this campaign has come at a crucial time, and
I strongly feel that a good quality consultation is the foundation of every
successful medical aesthetic procedure. The tools being put together for this
campaign are a welcome aid to help patients ask the right questions of their
healthcare practitioner are better able to have a meaningful conversation about
so that together they can make a confident, informed choice." Allergan, along
with experts from the medical aesthetics industry, have prepared five questions
that are designed to highlight whether a company producing medical aesthetics
products is committed to quality. These questions have been structured to help a
consumer understand more about the products and how they are manufactured, what
sort of investment the company has made to understanding these products, and
what level of commitment the company has to quality control, as well as research
and development. Which brands of products do you use, and why? When it comes to
quality, not all aesthetic products are the same. Understanding how they may
differ is important and something to discuss with your practitioner. Has the
product been extensively tested and researched? Aesthetic products should be
backed by science and have a proven track record, so make certain you ask about
the information available that supports the product's safety and effectiveness.
Is the manufacturer one you trust, and why? You only want the best for your
body. Learn more about the heritage, quality and reputation of the company who
makes the product. How widely is the product used around the world? Confidence
comes with knowledge and experience. Find out more about the product's use by
patients and practitioners around the world. How satisfied are your patients
with the results? To receive the product that best meets your needs, explain the
result you want to achieve and ask to see other patients' outcomes. Sally Taber,
director of the Independent Healthcare Advisory Services and director of the
Department of Health backed register of regulated injectable providers called
Treatments You Can Trust, said, "We believe it is vital to ensure consumers
considering a medical aesthetic procedure are given as much information and
support as possible in choosing the right product, the right procedure and
indeed the right healthcare practitioner to suit their individual needs. When
done well, a cosmetic procedure can be a positive, life enhancing experience,
but it's important to remember that these are still medical procedures and
should be approached with consideration and care."


Allergan Reports Revenue Of $1.4 Billion In Q1 2012

May 02, 2012

Allergan, Inc., a multi-specialty healthcare company, reported a total revenue
of $1.4 billion in the first quarter of 2012 compared to $1.3 billion in the
same period of 2011. Net income attributable to the company was $229.8m, or
$0.74 per diluted share, in the first quarter of 2012, compared to $158.3m, or
$0.86 per diluted share, in the same period of 2011.R&D expenses were $197.7m in
the first quarter of 2012 compared to $225m in the same period of 2011. Selling,
general and administrative expenses were $589.5m in the first quarter of 2012
compared to $585.1m in the same period of 2011.Product and pipeline update:
During the first quarter of 2012: On January 18, 2012, Senju Pharmaceutical Co.,
Ltd received approval from the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
for AIPHAGAN P Ophthalmic Solution 0.1% for the reduction of intraocular
pressure in patients with ocular hypertension and/or glaucoma. Senju possesses
the rights to develop and market AIPHAGAN P within Japan. On March 12, 2012,
Allergan confirmed that US District Judge Andrew J Guilford, after conducting a
full trial, ruled that Merz Pharmaceuticals and Merz Aesthetics violated
California's Uniform Trade Secrets Act and issued a permanent injunction against
them. On March 28, 2012, Allergan announced that two Phase III clinical trials
of BOTOX (onabotulinumtoxinA) as a potential treatment option for patients with
idiopathic overactive bladder met their pre-specified primary endpoints. Based
on the results of the two Phase III clinical trials, Allergan submitted a
supplemental biologics license application (sBLA) with the FDA and an
application with European Regulatory authorities seeking approval for the use of
BOTOX as treatment of overactive bladder with symptoms of urinary incontinence,
urgency, and frequency, in adult patients who have an inadequate response to or
are intolerant of an anticholinergic medication. Following the end of the first
quarter of 2012: Allergan submitted an application with Health Canada seeking
approval for the use of BOTOX as treatment of overactive bladder with symptoms
of urinary incontinence, urgency, and frequency, in adult patients who have an
inadequate response to or are intolerant of an anticholinergic medication. David
EI Pyott, chairman of the board, president and CEO of Allergan, said, "In the
first quarter Allergan delivered strong operating results as we continued to
benefit from product approvals and operating in many growing markets. In
addition, as discussed at our Research & Development Technology Review in March,
we have a robust R&D pipeline that should fuel additional growth over the
long-term."


Allergan Confirms Favorable Decision Of US Federal Court And Issuance Of
Permanent Injunction Against Merz

Mar 12, 2012

Allergan, Inc., a multi-specialty health care company, confirmed that US
District Judge Andrew J Guilford, after conducting a full trial, ruled that Merz
Pharmaceuticals and Merz Aesthetics (collectively referred as Merz) violated
California's Uniform Trade Secrets Act and issued a permanent injunction against
them.In a written decision, Judge Guilford concluded that Merz misappropriated
important trade secrets belonging to Allergan, including 'the specific
identities and financial details (including sales targets, actual sales amounts,
and product volumes over time) of Allergan's relationships with virtually all of
its physician customers in the US for BOTOX Cosmetic (onabotulinumtoxinA) and
JUVEDERM and a large segment of Allergan's physician customers in the US for
BOTOX (for therapeutic indications)'.The court also found that Merz
misappropriated Allergan's strategic marketing plans, including its plans to
address competition from Merz Aesthetics and Merz Therapeutics. The value of
this information is incalculable. The court concluded that the injunction, which
prohibits Merz from, among other things, selling or soliciting purchases of
their product, Xeomin, in the facial aesthetics market for 10 months, was
necessary to serve the public interest. As the court noted, 'the right of free
competition does not include the right to use the confidential work product of
others'. In addition to the US ruling, Allergan prevailed last week in two
separate cases that were filed against Merz in Europe. In Germany, the Hamburg
Regional Court ruled that Merz is prohibited from claiming a 1:1 dose equivalent
ratio between units of Allergan's BOTOX (onabotulinumtoxinA) and Merz's Xeomin,
which is in line with a prior decision of that Court in December 2011. In Spain,
Merz was found to be in breach of the Spanish Pharmaceutical Code for referring
to a conversion ratio without, at the same time, making an express warning about
the fact that the unit doses are not interchangeable. The findings in Germany
and Spain are consistent with the FDA's substantial efforts to emphasize the
non-interchangeability of BOTOX and other botulinum toxin type A products. In
order to protect the public health, the FDA established a class-wide requirement
that the labeling for all botulinum toxin type A products state that potency
units of the different products are not interchangeable and that they cannot be
compared or converted in dosing. David E I Pyott, chairman of the board,
president and CEO of Allergan, said, "We believe that full and fair competition
is healthy. It is important to ensure that physicians and consumers receive
accurate and truthful information and are able to make informed decisions about
the products they choose to use. As the leader and innovator in the medical
aesthetics category, we remain committed to supporting and growing this market
on behalf of physicians and the customers they serve."


U.S. Federal Court Finds in Favor of Allergan, Inc. and Issues Permanent
Injunction against Merz Pharmaceuticals and Merz Aesthetics

Mar 12, 2012

Allergan, Inc. confirms that U.S. District Judge Andrew J. Guilford, after
conducting a full trial, ruled that Merz Pharmaceuticals and Merz Aesthetics
violated California's Uniform Trade Secrets Act and issued a permanent
injunction against them.In a written decision, Judge Guilford concluded that
Merz misappropriated important trade secrets belonging to Allergan, including
"the specific identities and financial details (including sales targets, actual
sales amounts, and product volumes over time) of Allergan's relationships with
virtually all of its physician customers in the United States for BOTOX Cosmetic
(onabotulinumtoxinA) and JUVÃ[0/00]DERMÂ® and a large segment of Allergan's
physician customers in the United States for BOTOXÂ® (for therapeutic
indications)."The court also found that Merz misappropriated "Allergan's
strategic marketing plans, including its plans to address competition from Merz
Aesthetics and Merz Therapeutics. The value of this information is
incalculable." The court concluded that the injunction, which prohibits Merz
from, among other things, selling or soliciting purchases of their product,
XeominÂ®, in the facial aesthetics market for 10 months, was necessary to serve
the public interest. As the court noted, "the right of free competition does not
include the right to use the confidential work product of others." In addition
to the U.S. ruling, Allergan prevailed last week in two separate cases that were
filed against Merz in Europe. In Germany, the Hamburg Regional Court ruled that
Merz is prohibited from claiming a 1:1 dose equivalent ratio between units of
Allergan's BOTOXÂ® (onabotulinumtoxinA) and Merz's XeominÂ®, which is in line
with a prior decision of that Court in December 2011. In Spain, Merz was found
to be in breach of the Spanish Pharmaceutical Code for referring to a conversion
ratio without, at the same time, making an express warning about the fact that
the unit doses are not interchangeable. The full text of the Spanish ruling can
be found at http://www.autocontrol.es/pdfs/pdfs_recursos/rect1069.pdf. The
findings in Germany and Spain are consistent with the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration's (FDA) substantial efforts to emphasize the
non-interchangeability of BOTOXÂ® and other botulinum toxin type A products. In
order to protect the public health, the FDA established a class-wide requirement
that the labeling for all botulinum toxin type A products state that potency
units of the different products are not interchangeable and that they cannot be
compared or converted in dosing. "We believe that full and fair competition is
healthy," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's Chairman of the Board, President and
Chief Executive Officer. "It is important to ensure that physicians and
consumers receive accurate and truthful information and are able to make
informed decisions about the products they choose to use. As the leader and
innovator in the medical aesthetics category, we remain committed to supporting
and growing this market on behalf of physicians and the customers they serve."


Allergan Reports Revenue Of $1.4 Billion In Q4 2011

Feb 02, 2012

Allergan, Inc., a multi-specialty healthcare company, reported a total revenue
of $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter of 2011 compared to $1.3 billion in the
same period of 2010. Net income attributable to the company was $279.8m, or
$0.90 per diluted share, in the fourth quarter of 2011, compared to $263.1m, or
$0.85 per diluted share, in the same period of 2010.R&D expenses were $226.4m in
the fourth quarter of 2011 compared to $200.3m in the same period of 2010.
Selling, general and administrative expenses were $551.9m in the fourth quarter
of 2011 compared to $527.5m in the same period of 2010.The company reported a
total revenue of $5.4 billion in 2011 compared to $4.9 billion in 2010. Net
income attributable to the company was $934.5m, or $3.01 per diluted share, in
2011 compared to $0.6m, or $ per diluted share, in 2010. R&D expenses were
$902.8m in 2011 compared to $804.6m in 2010. Selling, general and administrative
expenses were $2.25 billion in 2011 compared to $2 billion in 2010. Product and
pipeline update during the fourth quarter of 2011: Allergan entered into an
agreement with Family Health, its distributor in Russia, to establish direct
operations for its medical aesthetics and neurosciences businesses beginning in
the first quarter of 2012. On November 14, 2011, Allergan announced that Health
Canada approved BOTOX (onabotulinumtoxinA) as a prophylactic treatment for
headaches in adult patients with chronic migraine who suffer from headaches 15
days or more per month, lasting four hours a day or longer. On December 21,
2011, Allergan received approval from Health Canada for the use of BOTOX as a
treatment of urinary incontinence due to neurogenic detrusor overactivity
resulting from neurogenic bladder associated with multiple sclerosis or
subcervical spinal cord injury in adults who had an inadequate response to or
are intolerant of anticholinergic medications. Following the end of the fourth
quarter of 2011: On January 18, 2012, Senju Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd received
approval from the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare for AIPHAGAN P
Ophthalmic Solution 0.1% for the reduction of intraocular pressure in patients
with ocular hypertension and/or glaucoma. Senju possesses the rights to develop
and market AIPHAGAN P within Japan. David EI Pyott, chairman of the board,
president and CEO of Allergan, said, "We are very pleased with our fourth
quarter and full year growth of sales and profits, as well as the significant
regulatory approvals received in 2010 and 2011. In 2012, we look forward to
building on the momentum gained from the regulatory approvals, and increased
investment in R&D to further strengthen our pipeline."


Allergan Reassures Patients And Surgeons Of The Quality And Safety Of Its Breast
Implant Devices Sold And Distributed Worldwide

Dec 23, 2011

Allergan, Inc. seeks to reassure patients and surgeons around the world
utilizing its breast implant devices (NATRELLE, McGhan and CU) that its products
are not part of the recent investigation into breast implant devices
manufactured by French manufacturer, Poly Implant Prosthese (PIP) by regulatory
authorities in Europe. It is important to recognize that there are a number of
different breast implant manufacturers around the world. The health authorities
are specifically concerned about breast implants made by the company called Poly
Implant Prosthese (PIP). Allergan maintains rigorous clinical development
processes, extensive manufacturing and quality assurance testing, as well as an
industry-leading post-marketing surveillance program, to ensure the highest
quality and safety of its breast implants that patients and surgeons can rely
on.All Allergan implants are manufactured at the company's facility using
silicone and saline that is approved for use in medical devices and are designed
to meet all relevant national and international Quality Control Standards and
Current Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP). Allergan is audited many times a
year by various regulatory authorities including the European Notified Bodies
and the FDA, to ensure its ongoing compliance with all applicable regulations
and legislation such as the European Medical Devices Directive, FDA regulations
and guidance and relevant International Organization for Standardization (ISO)
Standards, as well as the company's own exacting requirements. Such procedures
ensure that all of Allergan's medical devices are manufactured under a strictly
controlled environment and that there is an established and validated process to
ensure the consistency and quality of each device. From start to finish, it can
take up to 12 days to manufacture an Allergan breast implant which undergoes
almost 100 quality control tests, including materials inspection, product
inspection and testing. These standards mean that every implant and tissue
expander we manufacture is thoroughly evaluated for quality and durability. In
addition to the exacting standards to which we manufacture our implants, the
company also strive to exceed quality standards for labelling, packaging,
shipping and traceability of all our products. These security measures include
the use of tamper-evident seals, putting precautions and safeguards in place to
prevent damage or interference with the implants and maintaining delivery
tracking systems, which allows Allergan to facilitate notification to patients
of new safety information regarding their breast implant products. Allergan's
breast implants have been used with success for nearly 50 years, in more than 60
countries, with gel-filled implants being the most commonly selected implants
worldwide. Allergan's gel-filled breast implants have also undergone extensive
assessment and evaluation by the relevant health authorities worldwide and have
been CE marked and available in Europe since 1997. The FDA approval of
gel-filled breast implants in 2006 followed the submission of extensive data
gathered from the Company's extensive pre-clinical device testing, use of
Allergan's gel-filled breast implants in more than 1 million women worldwide,
and nearly a decade of clinical studies involving more than 150,000 women with
either gel- or saline-filled breast implants who had been followed for a total
of over 214,000 person-years. While breast implants have been safely used since
the early 1960s, silicone technology has improved to where today's implants are
made with more consistent manufacturing parameters. Allergan's implants have an
advanced technology and enhanced safety profile due to several refinements in
product design and manufacturing, including a more cohesive silicone gel, the
addition of a barrier layer that is distinct from earlier breast implant
devices, and a thicker shell that is designed to withstand more than 25 times
the force of a normal mammogram without failure. In addition to the advanced
cohesive silicone gel, Allergan's breast implants offer further reassurance by
using INTRASHIEL Barrier Technology. The INTRASHIEL shell design is composed of
several high-performance layers of silicone that act as a safety barrier
designed to prevent any movement of the silicone gel. Silicone gel-filled breast
implants are among the most studied medical devices in existence, with more than
3,000 peer-reviewed and published reports on studies, including robust
epidemiological studies, supporting their safe use. In June 2011, the FDA issued
a report updating the clinical and scientific community on the safety of
silicone gel-filled breast implants. This report confirmed that gel-filled
breast implants are safe and effective when used as intended. Health Authorities
around the world, the medical profession and Allergan recognize that breast
implants, saline or silicone, are not lifetime devices and it is possible, at
some point in a patient's lifetime, that the implant(s) may need to be removed
or replaced. Allergan supports the recommendations issued by worldwide Health
Authorities that physicians remain diligent in their monitoring of breast
implant patients. the company encourage patients with breast implants to keep up
with their routine medical care and speak with their physician if they suspect
any abnormality. The company also encourage women who are concerned about their
breast implants to contact their plastic surgeon.


Allergan Launches INSPIRA Gel-Filled Breast Implants In Canada

Nov 24, 2011

Allergan Inc. introduced INSPIRA, a line of next generation round gel-filled
breast implants that provides Canadian surgeons with even greater choice. The
INSPIRA range was developed to address surgeons' need for additional innovative
breast implant products that offer a customized fit and natural looking results
in terms of shape, size, texture and projection (or profile) to complement a
woman's unique body. Stu Fowler, president and general manager, Allergan Canada,
said, "The INSPIRAÂ® range speaks to Allergan's commitment to science-based
innovation in the medical aesthetics category. Allergan has been a leader in
this space for over two decades and we continue to assess, as well as respond to
the needs of plastic surgeons using our products, and the needs of Canadian
women interested in breast augmentation."Dr Julie Khanna, one of Canada's
cosmetic plastic surgeons and author of the book, Timeless Beauty, said, "Breast
augmentation surgery has grown in popularity since silicone gel-filled breast
implants first came to market in Canada. Surgeons are looking for implant
options that provide the best, individualized custom fit for their patients. A
woman's relationship with her breasts is quite personal, so options like the
INSPIRAÂ® range are an important development for plastic surgeons today because
they allow us to offer a more natural looking, tailored result." The INSPIRA
range offers over 300 next generation round, smooth and textured breast implant
options, and has been available to patients outside Canada since 2006.


Allergan To Open New Research And Development Facility In New Jersey

Nov 08, 2011

Allergan, Inc. plans to open a new research and development facility in New
Jersey that will create several hundred new jobs over the next three to five
years and inject an estimated $12 million of private investment into the state's
economy. The announcement is another success for New Jersey and the result of
Governor Chris Christie's pro-growth agenda to create jobs, spur economic
development, and improve the state's climate for business investment and
growth.Governor Christie and Lt. Governor Guadagno have worked aggressively to
attract businesses to New Jersey, including Allergan, and bring quality jobs to
New Jersey. Governor Christie met with Allergan officials in September to
discuss the company's expansion plans and New Jersey's strengths as a
destination for the company's research and development facility.Governor
Christie said, Our aggressive efforts to promote economic growth and foster job
creation and investment in our state are delivering results for New Jerseyans.
Allergan is a world-class, innovative company that is committing to our state
and people with several hundred high quality, research and development new jobs
and nearly $12 million in private investment. Creating good paying, private
sector jobs that are sustainable over the long term is the number one priority
of my Administration, and Allergan's decision to choose New Jersey is just the
latest indication that the Jersey comeback has begun.


Allergan Reports Revenues Of $1.3 Billion In Q3 2011

Oct 26, 2011

Allergan, Inc. reported revenues of $1.3 billion for the third quarter of 2011,
compared with the revenues of $1.2 billion in the year-ago quarter. It also
reported net earnings attributable to the company of $249.8m, or $0.81 per
diluted share, for the third quarter of 2011, compared with the net loss
attributable to the company of $670.5m, or $2.21 loss per diluted share, in the
year-ago quarter.Operating Results Attributable to StockholdersFor the quarter
ended September 30, 2011: Allergan reported $0.81 diluted earnings per share
attributable to stockholders compared to $2.21 diluted loss per share
attributable to stockholders for the third quarter of 2010. Allergan reported
$0.92 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders compared
to $0.78 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders for
the third quarter of 2010, a 17.9% increase. Product Sales For the quarter ended
September 30, 2011: Allergan reported $1.3 billion total product net sales.
Total product net sales increased 10% compared to total product net sales in the
third quarter of 2010. On a constant currency basis, total product net sales
increased 7.2% compared to total product net sales in the third quarter of 2010.
1) Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales increased 10.1%, or 7.5% on a
constant currency basis, compared to total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales
in the third quarter of 2010. 2) Total medical devices net sales increased 9.2%,
or 5.6% on a constant currency basis, compared to total medical devices net
sales in the third quarter of 2010. David E I Pyott, chairman of the board,
president and CEO of Allergan, said, "We are very pleased with the progress of
the launch of BOTOXÂ® for chronic migraine in the United States and with the
opportunity represented by the recent approvals of BOTOXÂ® for urinary
incontinence in adults with neurologic conditions. Furthermore, we are
encouraged by the continuing good growth of our global cash pay businesses in
the quarter." Product and Pipeline Update During the third quarter of 2011:
Effective July 1, 2011, Allergan established direct operations in South Africa,
building upon its successful distribution agreement with Genop Healthcare
(Genop) in the region for the past 13 years. Under the terms of the transaction,
Allergan acquired the Allergan-related parts of Genop's business and assumed
responsibility for promotion, marketing and distribution of all its products in
South Africa. On July 22, 2011, Allergan closed the merger of Vicept
Therapeutics, Inc. (Vicept), a privately-held dermatology company, for an
up-front payment of $75m. Vicept's lead investigational product, V-101, is a
topical cream for the treatment of the erythema (redness) associated with
rosacea. Allergan is also obligated to make additional payments of up to an
aggregate of $200m contingent upon achieving certain future development and
regulatory milestones as well as additional payments contingent upon achieving
certain sales milestones. On July 27, 2011, the National Institute for Health
and Clinical Excellence (NICE) issued final guidance recommending OZURDEX
(dexamethasone 0.7mg intravitreal implant in applicator) for the treatment of
macular edema due to central retinal vein occlusion and also for branch retinal
vein occlusion where laser photocoagulation is neither beneficial nor
appropriate. On August 24, 2011, Allergan announced the US FDA approved BOTOX
(onabotulinumtoxinA) for injection for the treatment of urinary incontinence due
to detrusor overactivity associated with a neurologic condition (spinal cord
injury, multiple sclerosis and others) in adults who have an inadequate response
to or are intolerant of an anticholinergic medication. On September 1, 2011,
Allergan announced that BOTOX (botulinum toxin type A) has been licensed by the
Irish Medicines board for symptom relief in adults with chronic migraine,
defined as headaches on =15 days per month of which at least eight days with
migraine, who have responded inadequately to or are intolerant of prophylactic
migraine medicationsas well as for urinary incontinence in adults with
neurogenic detrusor overactivity resulting from neurogenic bladder due to stable
sub-cervical spinal cord injury, or multiple sclerosis. Ireland is the first
country to issue a license for each of these indications following the Mutual
Recognition Procedure in 14 countries in Europe. Allergan filed a premarket
approval application with the FDA for JUVEDERM VOLUMA with Lidocaine Injectable
Gel, a next generation hyaluronic acid dermal filler for volumizing the
mid-face. Following the end of the third quarter of 2011. Allergan entered into
an agreement with Family Health, its distributor in Russia, to establish direct
operations for its medical aesthetics and neurosciences businesses beginning in
the first quarter of 2012.


Allergan Reports Total Revenue Of $1.4 Billion In Q2 2011

Aug 03, 2011

Allergan, Inc., a multi-specialty healthcare company, reported a total revenue
of $1.4 billion in the second quarter of 2011, compared to $1.2 billion in the
same period of 2010. Net income attributable to the company was $246.6m, or
$0.79 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2011, compared to $240.1m, or
$0.78 per diluted share, in the same period of 2010.R&D expenses were $257.4m,
in the second quarter of 2011, compared to $187.6m in the same period of 2010.
Selling, general and administrative expenses were $566.7m, in the second quarter
of 2011, compared to $499m in the same period of 2010.The company reported a
total revenue of $2.7 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2011, compared
to $2.4 billion for the same period of 2010. Net income attributable to the
company was $404.9m, or $1.30 per diluted share, for the six months ended June
30, 2011, compared to $408m, or $1.33 per diluted share, for the same period of
2010. R&D expenses were $455.1m for the six months ended June 30, 2011, compared
to $410.3m for the same period of 2010. Selling, general and administrative
expenses were $1.16 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2011, compared to
$972.8m for the same period of 2010. Product and pipeline update: During the
second quarter of 2011: On May 4, 2011, Allergan and Molecular Partners AG
announced that they entered into a license agreement for MP0112, a Phase II
proprietary therapeutic DARPin protein targeting VEGF under investigation for
the treatment of retinal diseases. Under the agreement, Allergan obtained
exclusive global rights for MP0112 for ophthalmic indications. The parties are
working together to transition the program to Allergan during Phase IIb
development and Allergan will be responsible for Phase III development and
commercialization activities. On May 26, 2011, MAP Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
announced that it had submitted a new drug application (NDA) to the FDA for
Levadex orally inhaled migraine drug for the potential acute treatment of
migraine in adults. On January 31, 2011, Allergan and MAP Pharmaceuticals
announced a collaboration within the US for Levadex. On June 17, 2011, Allergan
announced that the French license committee of the Agence FranÃ§aise de Securite
Sanitaire des Produits de Sante (AFSSAPS) granted a positive opinion for BOTOX
(botulinum toxin type A) as a treatment for urinary incontinence associated with
neurogenic detrusor overactivity, not controlled with an anticholinergic
treatment, in people with spinal cord injury or multiple sclerosis who are
willing and able to use a catheter to empty their bladder. The positive opinion
marks an important step in the regulatory process towards securing the final
marketing authorization for this specific indication of BOTOX in France. On June
24, 2011, Allergan announced that the FDA approved a fully in vitro, cell-based
assay for use in the stability and potency testing of BOTOX (onabotulinumtoxinA)
and BOTOX cosmetic. The newly approved assay will be implemented immediately for
release of product for sale in the US. Allergan estimates that use of the new
assay will reduce the use of animal-based assay testing for BOTOX and BOTOX
cosmetic by up to 95% or more over the next three years, as other regulatory
agencies around the world approve this new assay. On June 28, 2011, the European
Medicines Agency (EMA) extended the marketing authorization for OZURDEX
(dexamethasone 0.7mg intravitreal implant in applicator) in the 27 member states
of the EU to include the treatment of inflammation of the posterior segment of
the eye presenting as non-infectious uveitis.


Study Analysis Demonstrates Gastric Banding Is Safe And Cost-Effective
Weight-Loss Surgery Procedure: Allergan

Jun 22, 2011

Allergan, Inc. announced a new study published in the peer-reviewed journal
Surgery for Obesity and Related Diseases that found the cost of a gastric
banding weight-loss surgery procedure, such as Allergan's LAP-BAND adjustable
gastric banding system, was offset by reductions in obesity-related medical
costs within 2.25 years for surgery eligible patients with diabetes, and within
four years of the procedure for all surgery eligible patients.The study
evaluated healthcare claims data from 7,310 patients who had undergone gastric
banding compared to claims from a matched control group of 7,306 surgery
eligible obese individuals who did not have weight-loss surgery, for the purpose
of quantifying the potential savings of gastric banding.The study found that
while post-surgery medical costs for the gastric banding group declined
slightly, medical costs for the control group continued to rise, thus resulting
in significant savings for the banding sample. These findings underscore the
critical effect gastric banding has on containing healthcare costs among the
target population. Dr Eric A Finkelstein, of Duke University and Duke-NUS
Graduate Medical School in Singapore, the study lead author, said, "Although the
gastric banding procedure is associated with upfront costs, our analysis shows
that those costs are recovered in a relatively short period of time,
particularly for obese patients with diabetes. Although the potential for
cost-savings should not drive coverage decisions, some insurance providers are
hesitant to cover the costs of bariatric procedures for fear they will break the
bank. These results may allay some of those concerns." Dr Frederick
Beddingfield, Allergan's vice president of clinical research and development,
said, "This study is consistent with the vast findings from the published
literature that support gastric banding is an effective and safe weight-loss
surgery procedure that can produce sustained weight loss, ultimately resulting
in reduction of obesity-related comorbid conditions and medical costs. Research
of this kind is integral in our efforts as a company to ensure appropriate
access to and affordability for the LAP-BANDÂ® System procedure for patients
across the country."


Allergan Reports Revenues Of $1.3 Billion In Q1 2011

May 04, 2011

Allergan, Inc. has reported revenues of $1.3 billion for the first quarter of
2011, compared with the revenues of $1.1 billion in the year-ago quarter. It has
also reported net earnings attributable to the company of $158.3m, or $0.51 per
diluted share, for the first quarter of 2011, compared with the net earnings
attributable to the company of $167.9m, or $0.55 per diluted share, in the
year-ago quarter.Operating Results Attributable to StockholdersFor the quarter
ended March 31, 2011: Allergan reported $0.51 diluted earnings per share
attributable to stockholders compared to $0.55 diluted earnings per share
attributable to stockholders for the first quarter of 2010. Allergan reported
$0.77 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders compared
to $0.65 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders for
the first quarter of 2010, an 18.5% increase. Product Sales For the quarter
ended March 31, 2011: Allergan reported $1,3 million total product net sales.
Total product net sales increased 13.3% compared to total product net sales in
the first quarter of 2010. On a constant currency basis, total product net sales
increased 12.2% compared to total product net sales in the first quarter of
2010. 1) Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales increased 13.3%, or 12.3% on
a constant currency basis, compared to total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales
in the first quarter of 2010. 2) Total medical devices net sales increased 13%,
or 11.9% on a constant currency basis, compared to total medical devices net
sales in the first quarter of 2010. David E. I. Pyott, chairman of the board,
president and CEO of Allergan, said, "During the first quarter, Allergan
delivered very strong growth in sales and operating results. Sales growth was
based on a broad range of products and geographies, and was further boosted by
the launches of products and indications approved in 2010, a record year for
regulatory approvals, positioning us for strong growth in the medium term."
Product and Pipeline Update During the first quarter of 2011: On January 31,
2011, Allergan and MAP Pharmaceuticals, Inc. announced a collaboration within
the US for LEVADEX, a self-administered, orally inhaled therapy that has
completed Phase III clinical development for the treatment of acute migraine in
adults. MAP Pharmaceuticals currently anticipates submitting its New Drug
Application for LEVADEX with the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the
first half of 2011. On February 16, 2011, Allergan announced that the FDA
approved the expanded use of the LAP-BAND System, Allergan's gastric band, for
adults with obesity who have failed more conservative weight reduction
alternatives, such as diet and exercise and pharmacotherapy, and have a Body
Mass Index (BMI) of 30-40 and at least one obesity related comorbid condition.
Allergan discontinued development of the EASYBAND Remote Adjustable Gastric Band
System, a technology acquired in the EndoArt SA acquisition. The complexity of
the technology, related design challenges, and regulatory hurdles contributed to
the decision to terminate the program. Allergan remains highly committed to
meeting the needs of patients who are overweight to morbidly obese with an
obesity intervention portfolio consisting of the LAP-BAND and ORBERA Systems.
Following the end of the first quarter of 2011: Allergan announced that
effective July 1, 2011, the company will establish direct operations in South
Africa, building upon its successful distribution agreement with Genop
Healthcare in the region for the past 13 years. Under the terms of the
transaction, Allergan will acquire the Allergan-related parts of Genop's
business and assume responsibility for promotion, marketing and distribution of
all its products in South Africa. On April 15, 2011, the committee for medicinal
products for human use recommended extending the marketing authorization for
OZURDEX (dexamethasone 0.7mg intravitreal implant in applicator) to include the
treatment of inflammation of the posterior segment of the eye characterized as
non-infectious uveitis. This is an important step towards extending the
marketing authorization of OZURDEX to include this indication in the 27
countries within the EU. On May 4, 2011, Allergan and Molecular Partners AG
announced that they have entered into a license agreement for MP0112, a Phase II
proprietary therapeutic DARPin protein targeting VEGF under investigation for
the treatment of retinal diseases. Under the agreement, Allergan obtains
exclusive global rights for MP0112 for ophthalmic indications. The parties will
work together during Phase II development and Allergan will be responsible for
Phase III development and commercialization activities.


Hospitals, Healthcare Providers To Benefit From New Premier Agreement With
Allergan For Breast Implants, Tissue Expanders And Related Products

Mar 08, 2011

The Premier healthcare alliance (Premier) announced that a new agreement for
breast implants, tissue expanders and related products has been awarded to
Allergan USA Inc. (Allergan) of Irvine, California. Effective February 15, 2011,
the agreement is available to acute care and continuum of care members of
Premier.


Allergan Reappoints David Pyott As President

Mar 07, 2011

Allergan, Inc., a US-based healthcare company, has reappointed David EI Pyott as
president. Pyott will also continue to serve Allergan in his current roles as
chairman of the board and CEO. Pyott's role as president succeeds the duties
performed by F Michael Ball, who has accepted the position of CEO of Hospira,
Inc. Pyott's role as president will be effective March 27, 2011, which coincides
with Ball's departure from Allergan.With Pyott expanding his role as president,
the new organizational structure will allow for a seamless management transition
and continuity in execution of Allergan's established strategies and will
eliminate an organizational layer, reflecting Allergan's belief in a lean and
efficient business model.Additionally, the new structure will allow Pyott -- who
previously served Allergan in the role of president from 1998 until 2006 -- to
invest more of his efforts in the development of the strong bench of Allergan
leaders and their teams. Scott Sherman, executive vice president of human
resources at Allergan, said, "The decision to create direct reporting lines
between Mr. Pyott and Allergan's commercial leaders, who have been with the
Company for decades and are responsible for the largest businesses, supports our
commitment to talent development and succession planning, providing
opportunities that will advance our next generation of leaders. "This structure
will allow them to continue to grow and apply their skill sets on a higher
management level, while encouraging them to add even greater value to the
Company, our customers, patients, stockholders and employees." Pyott's role as
president is not an interim position as Allergan does not currently plan to name
a new president.


Allergan Reports Total Revenues Of $4.91 Billion In 2010

Feb 02, 2011

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) has reported total revenues of $4.91 billion for the
year 2010, compared with the total revenues of $4.50 billion in the previous
year. It has also reported a net earnings attributable to the company of
$600,000, or $ per share, for the year 2010, compared with the net earnings
attributable to the company of $621.3 million, or $2.03 per diluted share, in
the previous year.For the fourth quarter of 2010 Allergan reported $1.29 billion
total product net sales. Total product net sales increased 6.9% compared to
total product net sales in the fourth quarter of 2009. On a constant currency
basis, total product net sales increased 7.4% compared to total product net
sales in the fourth quarter of 2009.Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales
increased 6.9%, or 7.3% on a constant currency basis, compared to total
specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the fourth quarter of 2009. Total medical
devices net sales increased 7.1%, or 7.9% on a constant currency basis, compared
to total medical devices net sales in the fourth quarter of 2009. Allergan has
reported a net earnings attributable to the company of $263.1 million, or $0.85
per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2010, compared with the net
earnings attributable to the company of $221.5 million, or $0.72 per diluted
share, in the year-ago quarter. David Pyott, chairman of the board and CEO of
Allergan, said:"We are very pleased with our fourth quarter and full year
results, as well as the record number of regulatory approvals secured in 2010.
In 2011, we look forward to marketing the new products and therapies approved in
2010, as well as investing in research and development to reload our pipeline."


Allergan Reports Total Revenues Of $1.2 Billion For Q3 2010

Nov 01, 2010

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) has reported total revenues of $1.20 billion for the
third quarter of 2010, compared with the total revenues of $1.14 billion in the
year-ago quarter. It has also reported a net loss attributable to the company of
$670.50 million, or $2.21 loss per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2010,
compared with the net earnings attributable to the company of $179.0 million, or
$0.58 per diluted share, in the year-ago quarter.Allergan reported $0.78
non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders compared to
$0.70 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders for the
third quarter of 2009, an 11.4% increase.Allergan reported $1,192.0 million
total product net sales. Total product net sales increased 5.7% compared to
total product net sales in the third quarter of 2009. On a constant currency
basis, total product net sales increased 6.3% compared to total product net
sales in the third quarter of 2009. Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales
increased 5.2%, or 5.7% on a constant currency basis, compared to total
specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the third quarter of 2009. Total medical
devices net sales increased 8.3%, or 9% on a constant currency basis, compared
to total medical devices net sales in the third quarter of 2009.


Watson Confirms Combigan Patent Challenge

Sep 07, 2010

Watson Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Watson), a US-based specialty pharmaceutical
company, has confirmed that its subsidiary, Watson Laboratories, Inc. filed an
abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) with the FDA seeking approval to market
Brimonidine Tartrate and Timolol Maleate ophthalmic solution, 0.2%/0.5%.
Watson's Brimonidine Tartrate and Timolol Maleate ophthalmic solution, 0.2%/0.5%
is a generic version of Allergan Inc.'s Combigan product. Allergan, Inc. filed
suit against Watson on September 2, 2010, in the US District Court of Texas
seeking to prevent Watson from commercializing its product prior to the
expiration of the US patent Nos. 7,030,1497,320,9767,323,463 and
7,642,258.Allergan's suit was filed under the provisions of the Hatch-Waxman
Act, resulting in a stay of final FDA approval of Watson's ANDA for up to 30
months or until final resolution of the matter before the court, whichever
occurs sooner, subject to any other exclusivities. Combigan is indicated for the
reduction of elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with glaucoma or
ocular hypertension who require adjunctive or replacement therapy due to
inadequately controlled IOP.


Robbins Umeda Announces Investigation Of Allergan

Sep 02, 2010

Robbins Umeda LLP has commenced an investigation into possible breaches of
fiduciary duty and other violations of the law by certain officers and directors
at Allergan, Inc, a multi-specialty healthcare company that discovers, develops,
and commercializes specialty pharmaceutical, medical device, and
over-the-counter products.The specialty pharmaceuticals segment of the company
offers the pharmaceutical product Botox, which is used for therapeutic and
aesthetic indications. Robbins Umeda LLP's investigation concerns whether the
company's directors and officers damaged Allergan by encouraging doctors to
prescribe Botox for uses the FDA had not authorized.Additionally, the company's
directors and officers allegedly allowed Allergan to engage in illegal tactics
to promote Botox for these unapproved uses, including paying kickbacks to
doctors. Recently, in a Georgia federal court Allergan plead guilty to a charge
associated with misbranding Botox between 2000 and 2005 for uses the FDA had not
deemed safe and effective. Additionally, Allergan settled civil claims linked to
three whistleblower lawsuits regarding teaching doctors to submit false claims
to Medicare, Medicaid, and other government health programs. Allergan agreed to
pay $600 million to resolve these criminal and civil allegations.


Allergan Resolves US Government Investigation Of Past Sales And Marketing
Practices Relating To Certain Therapeutic Uses Of BOTOX

Sep 01, 2010

Allergan, Inc., a US-based healthcare company, has reached a resolution with the
US Department of Justice (DOJ) regarding the previously reported government
investigation into Allergan's past US sales and marketing practices relating to
certain therapeutic uses of BOTOX (onabotulinumtoxinA).Allergan has been
cooperating with the government in a multi-year investigation in Atlanta,
Georgia, regarding the use of BOTOX for certain therapeutic treatments covering
a period that commenced in January of 2000. The parties have resolved all issues
involved in the investigation by entering into a global settlement, which
includes the following:Allergan has agreed to plead guilty to a single
misdemeanor "misbranding" charge covering the period 2000 through 2005 and pay
to the government $375 million. This misbranding charge is known as a strict
liability offense, and does not involve false or deceptive conduct. A
prescription drug is deemed misbranded when its labeling does not contain
adequate directions for its "intended uses," and, under the Government's view, a
use that FDA has not approved (i.e., an "off-label" use) may be deemed
"intended" based on written or oral statements made by the manufacturer. As part
of its plea, Allergan has agreed that between 2000 through 2005, its marketing
of BOTOX resulted in intended uses for the therapeutic treatment of headache,
pain, spasticity and juvenile cerebral palsy. These uses were off-label during
the relevant time frame and thus the labeling for BOTOX did not bear directions
for these intended uses, resulting in the product being misbranded. In March
2010, the FDA approved BOTOX for the treatment of increased muscle stiffness in
the elbow, wrist and fingers in adults with upper limb spasticity, the most
substantial use during the relevant time period, and thus its label now includes
directions for that use. Based on positive Phase III trials announced in
September 2008, Allergan has filed for FDA approval of BOTOX for the treatment
of chronic migraine and expects FDA to rule on the application in 2010. Allergan
is also in Phase III clinical trials investigating the use of BOTOX to treat
neurogenic and idiopathic overactive bladder. Although BOTOX is approved in 70
countries around the world, including the UK, Canada, Brazil, Hong Kong, and
recently Japan, to treat symptoms associated with juvenile cerebral palsy, it is
currently off-label in the US. Allergan is in discussions with the FDA regarding
additional clinical development for juvenile cerebral palsy in the US. In
addition, Allergan has agreed to pay $225 million to resolve civil claims
asserted by DOJ under the civil False Claims Act. The civil settlement is an
element of a global settlement that Allergan believes is in the best interest of
its stockholders. However, Allergan denies liability associated with these civil
allegations and does not believe there is merit to them factually or legally. To
resolve the criminal and civil investigation, Allergan was required by the
Government to dismiss Allergan's First Amendment lawsuit pending in Washington,
DC, in which Allergan sought a ruling that it could proactively share truthful
scientific and medical information with the medical community to assist
physicians in evaluating the risks and benefits if they choose to use BOTOX
off-label to treat certain forms of spasticity. Allergan is disappointed that
the court was not afforded an opportunity to hear and rule on these important
first amendment issues, as Allergan believes that physicians, patients,
manufacturers, payers, and ultimately the quality of evidence-based medicine
itself would have benefited from a ruling clarifying the law. As part of its
global settlement, Allergan has entered into a Corporate Integrity Agreement
(CIA) with the Office of Inspector General of the US Department of Health and
Human Services. Under the CIA, Allergan will maintain its current compliance
program and undertake a series of compliance-related obligations, including
additional monitoring, maintenance of specific written standards, auditing,
training, education, reporting and disclosure, for five years. The CIA also
provides for an independent third-party review organization to assess and report
on Allergan's compliance program. Allergan currently estimates that it will
record total non-recurring pre-tax charges of between approximately $610 million
and $615 million in its third fiscal quarter in connection with the global
settlement with the DOJ. This amount includes estimated interest and certain
attorneys' fees that Allergan is obligated to pay in connection with the global
settlement, but excludes Allergan's ongoing administrative legal fees and other
costs. Allergan is presently determining the tax treatment of the global
settlement charges. As such, the tax impact of such charges cannot be reasonably
estimated at this time. Allergan currently expects to pay the global settlement
costs in its fourth fiscal quarter. Douglas Ingram, executive vice president,
Allergan, said: "The criminal resolution is subject to approval by the federal
court in Northern District of Georgia, and the civil settlement is contingent
upon such approval. This settlement is in the best interest of our stockholders
as it resolves all matters at issue in the investigation, avoids substantial
costs of litigation, as well as the substantial risks to Allergan associated
with Government enforcement action in these matters, and permits us to focus our
time and resources on productively developing new treatments for patients and
the medical community."


Inspire Announces Amendment To Ophthalmic Collaboration

Aug 25, 2010

Inspire Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a US-based biopharmaceutical company, has entered
into an amended and restated license, development and marketing agreement with
Allergan, Inc. This amendment revises terms related to the PROLACRIA (diquafosol
tetrasodium ophthalmic solution) 2% development program and Inspire's right to
receive revenues from Allergan based on net sales of RESTASIS (cyclosporine
ophthalmic emulsion) 0.05% and any other human ophthalmic formulations of
cyclosporine owned or controlled by Allergan.Under the amended agreement, which
now runs through December 31, 2020, Inspire is entitled to receive revenues at
one global rate based on net sales of RESTASIS and any other human ophthalmic
formulation of cyclosporine owned or controlled by Allergan, with no requirement
to co-promote RESTASIS. The royalty rate for RESTASIS in the US remains
unchanged for the remainder of 2010. The annual global rate steps down from the
2010 US rate by three percentage points in 2011, a further 0.25 percentage point
in 2013, and a final 0.50 percentage point in 2014, remaining at this level
through the end of the term in 2020. Under the amended agreement, Inspire now
has unilateral control over any future PROLACRIA development and
commercialization. In the event Inspire resumes the PROLACRIA clinical
development program and receives regulatory approval for a PROLACRIA product in
a particular country, it will have the option to offer PROLACRIA
commercialization rights to Allergan for such country. If Inspire chooses not to
offer Allergan PROLACRIA commercialization rights with respect to a country,
Inspire will receive all the commercialization revenues related to PROLACRIA in
such country and Inspire's rights to receive revenues from Allergan based on net
sales of RESTASIS products in such country will terminate. Under the prior
agreement, RESTASIS royalties would have been reduced by thirty percent if the
joint development committee elected to terminate the PROLACRIA development
program and Inspire elected not to co-promote RESTASIS. Under the prior
agreement, Inspire was entitled to receive revenues based on net sales of
RESTASIS and on any other human ophthalmic formulation of cyclosporine owned by
Allergan on a country-by-country basis for a term equal to the later of the
applicable patent term covering such product in such country, and 10 years from
commercial launch of such product. Adrian Adams, president and CEO of Inspire,
said: "This agreement provides clarity on the revenue stream and respective
responsibilities of the parties in our ophthalmic collaboration .We have
solidified the term for potential RESTASIS and follow-on product revenues and
have eliminated any financial commitment for both the continued development of
PROLACRIA and the co-promotion of RESTASIS. "We are pleased to have now gained
sole control over any future PROLACRIA development while retaining the right to
leverage the asset as appropriate. At this time, we are not planning to proceed
with clinical development of PROLACRIA. Our strategy is to create shareholder
value by focusing resources on our AZASITE franchise and our potentially
transformational denufosol tetrasodium for cystic fibrosis program."


Allergan Reports Net Income Of $240.1 Million For Q2 2010

Aug 02, 2010

Allergan, Inc., a multi-specialty healthcare company, has reported a net income
attributable to the company of $240.1 million, or $0.78 per diluted share, for
the second quarter of 2010, compared to $176.1 million, or $0.58 per share, for
the same period of 2009. Total revenues were $1.25 billion for the second
quarter of 2010, compared to $1.1 billion for the same period of 2009.The
research and development expenses were $187.6 million for the second quarter of
2010, compared to $161.6 million for the same period of 2009. The selling,
general and administrative expenses were $499 million for the second quarter of
2010, compared to $441.9 million for the same period of 2009.The company has
reported a net income of $408 million, or $1.33 per diluted share, for the six
months ended June 30, 2010, compared to $220.8 million, or $0.72 per diluted
share, for same period of 2009. Total revenues were $2.4 billion for the six
months ended June 30, 2010, compared to $2.14 billion for 2009. The research and
development expenses were $410.3 million for 2010, compared to $343.7 million
for 2009. The selling, general and administrative expenses were $972.8 million
for 2010 compared to $926.4 million for 2009. David Pyott, chairman of the board
and CEO of Allergan, said: "During the second quarter, Allergan continued to
deliver strong operating results in both our pharmaceutical and medical device
businesses as we benefited from a continuing recovery in our cash-pay aesthetics
businesses around the world. In addition, we continued to expand our geographic
presence in the rapidly growing emerging markets through the initiation of
direct operations, beginning in early July, in both Turkey and Poland."


Allergan Reports Net Revenues Of $1.15 Billion For Q1 2010

Apr 30, 2010

Allergan, Inc., a specialty healthcare company, has reported a net earnings
attributable to the company of $167.9 million, or $0.55 per share, for the
quarter ended March 31, 2010 compared to $45 million, 0.15 per share, for the
same period of 2009. Total revenues were $1.15 billion compared to $1 billion
for the same period of 2009. Selling, general and administrative were $473.8
million for the quarter ended March 31, 2010 compared to $484.5 million for the
same period of 2009.Research and development were $222.7 million compared to
$182.1 million for the same period of 2009. David Pyott, chairman of the board
and CEO, Allergan, said: "During the first quarter, Allergan continued to
actively expand its product portfolio and geographic reach through business
development activities and the attainment of important regulatory approvals. In
addition, we delivered strong operating results as we benefited from the
increasing strength of our cash pay businesses."


Allergan Reports Q1 2010 Results

Apr 30, 2010

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) has reported total product net sales of $1.1 billion
for first quarter of 2010. It has reported 0.55 diluted earnings per share
attributable to stockholders for first quarter of 2010, compared with $0.15
diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders in the year-ago
quarter.It has reported $0.65 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable
to stockholders compared to $0.55 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share
attributable to stockholders for the first quarter of 2009, an 18.2 percent
increase.


Allergan, Serenity Pharmaceuticals Ink Global Agreement For Nocturia

Apr 05, 2010




FDA Approves Allegan's Botox

Mar 10, 2010




Bristol-Myers Squibb, Allergan Enter Into Agreement For AGN-209323,

Mar 04, 2010




ExonHit Includes New Compounds Into Allergan collaboration

Feb 23, 2010

ExonHit Therapeutics (ExonHit), a French company engaged in the development of
therapeutics and diagnostics, has announced the inclusion of proprietary lead
compounds, which were derived from one of its internal medicinal chemistry
programs, into its strategic collaboration with Allergan. ExonHit said that it
will continue to lead the medicinal chemistry effort related to this target. The
compounds are active against a new enzyme target potentially useful for
therapeutic development in ophthalmology and neurodegenerative
indications.Milestone and royalty terms of the existing collaboration agreement
will apply to these compounds and the products derived from them. Loic Maurel,
president of ExonHit's management board, said: "We are very fortunate to have a
strong and productive partnership with Allergan, which allows both companies to
take advantage of opportunities to shorten development timelines and rapidly
move to create new shared products and value." ExonHit has a collaboration with
Allergan for the identification, development and commercialization of drugs for
the treatment of ophthalmology, pain and neurodegenerative diseases. In January
2009, the collaboration which has been ongoing since December 2002, was extended
through December 2011 and its scope expanded to investigate a variety of ocular
disease related models in order to discover novel epitope targets for the
development of therapeutic antibodies. EHT/AGN 0001, the lead compound from the
most advanced program of the collaboration, successfully completed Phase I
safety studies in 2009. EHT/AGN 0002 and other compounds are in preclinical
testing.


Allergan Reports Net Earnings Of $623.8 Million In 2009

Feb 04, 2010

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan), a US-based medical device company, has reported total
revenues of $4.5 billion for the year-end 2009, compared with the total revenues
of $4.4 billion in the previous year-end. It has also reported net earnings of
$623.8 million, or $2.03 per diluted share, for the year-end 2009, compared with
the net earnings of $564.7 million, or $1.84 per diluted share, in the previous
year-end. the previous year-end.Operating Results Attributable to
StockholdersFor the quarter ended December 31, 2009: Allergan reported $0.72
diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders compared to $0.48
diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders reported for the fourth
quarter of 2008. Allergan's non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to
stockholders were $0.78 in the fourth quarter of 2009, compared to non-GAAP
diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders of $0.76 in the fourth
quarter of 2008, a 2.6 percent increase. Product Sales For the quarter ended
December 31, 2009: Allergan's total product net sales were $1,206.5 million.
Total product net sales increased 15.9 percent compared to total product net
sales in the fourth quarter of 2008. On a constant currency basis, total product
net sales increased 11.2 percent compared to total product net sales in the
fourth quarter of 2008.Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales increased 17.7
percent, or 13.1 percent on a constant currency basis, compared to total
specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the fourth quarter of 2008. Total medical
devices net sales increased 8.3 percent, or 3.1 percent on a constant currency
basis, compared to total medical devices net sales in the fourth quarter of
2008. "The fourth quarter proved to be another strong quarter for Allergan as we
benefited from the commercial investments made since mid-year and observed some
recovery in our markets," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's Chairman of the
Board and Chief Executive Officer. "In 2010 we look forward to rebuilding our
cash-pay markets and to introducing some significant therapeutic innovations."
Based on internal information and assumptions, full year 2009 therapeutic sales
accounted for approximately 52% of total BOTOX(R) (onabotulinumtoxinA) sales and
increased approximately 4% compared to 2008. Full year 2009 cosmetic sales
accounted for approximately 48% of total BOTOX(R) sales and decreased
approximately 4% compared to 2008. Product and Pipeline Update During the fourth
quarter of 2009: On October 1, 2009, Allergan filed a declaratory relief action
in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia to seek a
ruling that would allow the company to proactively share truthful and relevant
information with the medical community regarding the safe use of BOTOX(R) for
certain therapeutic off-label treatments. On October 23, 2009, Allergan
announced that the United States District Court for the District of Delaware
ruled in favor of Allergan, Inc. in its patent infringement suit against Exela
PharmSci, Inc., Exela PharmSci Pvt., Ltd., Apotex, Inc. and Apotex Corp.
(collectively, the "Defendants") finding that the patents are valid and
enforceable against the Defendants and that the Defendants' proposed generic
versions of Allergan's ALPHAGAN(R) P (brimonidine tartrate ophthalmic solution)
0.1% and 0.15% products infringe Allergan's patents. Pursuant to the
Hatch-Waxman Act, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is required to
delay approval of the Defendants' proposed generic products until after
Allergan's last applicable patent expires in 2022. Allergan filed a supplemental
New Drug Application with the FDA for the approval of OZURDEX(TM) (dexamethasone
intravitreal implant) 0.7 mg to treat non-infectious intermediate and posterior
uveitis. Following the end of the fourth quarter of 2009: On January 7, 2010,
Allergan received marketing authorization from The European Commission for
LUMIGAN(R) (bimatoprost ophthalmic solution) 0.01% which applies to the 27
countries of the European Union. On February 1, 2010, Allergan announced FDA
approval of JUVÃ[0/00]DERM(R) XC dermal filler formulated with lidocaine to
provide patients with enhanced comfort during treatment of moderate to severe
facial wrinkles and folds, such as the nasolabial folds (or "parentheses") that
appear around the nose and mouth. Allergan completed its acquisition of Serica
Technologies, Inc., a medical device company focused on the development of
biodegradable silk-based scaffolds for use in tissue regeneration, including
breast augmentation, revision and reconstruction and bariatric applications.


FDA Approves Allergan's New Juvederm Formulation

Feb 02, 2010




Covidien Extends Agreement With Allergan

Jan 18, 2010




Allergan Reports Net Earnings Of $179.2 Million For Q3 2009

Oct 29, 2009

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan), a US-based medical device company, has reported total
revenues of $1.14 billion for the third quarter of 2009, compared with the total
revenues of $1.1 billion in the year-ago quarter. It has also reported net
earnings of $179.2 million, or $0.58 per diluted share, for the third quarter of
2009, compared with the net earnings of $166 million, or $0.54 per diluted
share, in the year-ago quarter.For the quarter ended September 30,
2009Allergan's non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders
were $0.70 in the third quarter of 2009, compared to non-GAAP diluted earnings
per share attributable to stockholders of $0.65 in the third quarter of 2008, a
7.7 percent increase. Product Sales For the quarter ended September 30, 2009:
Allergan's total product net sales were $1,127.8 million. Total product net
sales increased 4.2 percent compared to total product net sales in the third
quarter of 2008. On a constant currency basis, total product net sales increased
7.0 percent compared to total product net sales in the third quarter of 2008.
Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales increased 7.8 percent, or 10.7 percent
on a constant currency basis, compared to total specialty pharmaceuticals net
sales in the third quarter of 2008. Total medical devices net sales decreased
10.6 percent, or 8.3 percent on a constant currency basis, compared to total
medical devices net sales in the third quarter of 2008. We are pleased with our
continued operational performance during the third quarter as our businesses are
performing better than was expected at the beginning of 2009, said David E.I.
Pyott, Allergan's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. With this
strength in our businesses, we made the strategic decision to invest in
increased Direct to Consumer advertising programs in the U.S. as we anticipate
recovery from the recession. We are also pleased that we filed, with the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration (FDA), BOTOXÂ® (onabotulinumtoxinA) for chronic
migraine as well as for upper limb spasticity". During the third quarter of
2009: On July 7, 2009, a joint venture was created in Korea with Samil
Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. following decades of partnership to establish a leading
position in ophthalmic pharmaceuticals. On July 7, 2009, Senju Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd received approval from the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and
Welfare for LUMIGANâ¢ Ophthalmic Solution 0.03% for the treatment of glaucoma or
ocular hypertension. Allergan and Senju had previously entered into an exclusive
licensing agreement in Japan to market and develop LUMIGANâ¢ within the
ophthalmic specialty area. Senju will pay Allergan a royalty based on LUMIGANâ¢
sales in Japan.On July 14, 2009, Allergan announced Korea Food and Drug
Administration (KFDA) approval of LATISSEÂ® (bimatoprost ophthalmic solution)
0.03%, a novel treatment for eyelash hypotrichosis, or inadequate eyelashes.
LATISSEÂ® is the first and only science-based treatment approved by the FDA and
KFDA to enhance eyelash prominence as measured by increases in length, thickness
and darkness of eyelashes. On July 23, 2009, Allergan announced FDA approval of
ACUVAILâ¢ (ketorolac tromethamine ophthalmic solution) 0.45%, an advanced,
preservative-free formulation of ketorolac, a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory
drug indicated for the treatment of pain and inflammation following cataract
surgery. On September 15, 2009, a collaboration agreement with Pieris AG was
announced that combines Pieris' proprietary Anticalin technology with Allergan's
expertise in drug delivery and ophthalmic drug development with a goal of
developing agents for the treatment of serious ocular disorders. On September
25, 2009, Allergan and Quintiles Transnational Corp. announced an agreement
under which Quintiles will co-promote Allergan's SANCTURA XRÂ® (trospium
chloride extended release capsules), an anticholinergic approved for the
treatment of overactive bladder, predominantly to primary care physicians in the
United States. Allergan filed a supplemental Biologics License Application
(sBLA) with the FDA for the use of BOTOXÂ® (onabotulinumtoxinA) to treat chronic
migraine. Allergan submitted to the FDA the additional information requested by
the FDA in its complete response letter regarding Allergan's sBLA for BOTOXÂ® to
treat upper limb spasticity. Allergan filed a supplemental Premarket Approval
application with the FDA for the LAP-BANDÂ® System to treat weight reduction for
severely obese adolescent patients (ages 14-17). Outlook For the full year of
2009, Allergan estimates: Total product net sales between $4,350 million and
$4,400 million. Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales between $3,635 million
and $3,655 million. Total medical devices net sales between $715 million and
$745 million. ALPHAGANÂ® franchise product net sales between $380 million and
$390 million. LUMIGANÂ® franchise product net sales between $450 million and
$460 million. RESTASISÂ® product net sales between $500 million and $510
million. SANCTURAÂ® franchise product net sales at approximately $70 million.
BOTOXÂ® product net sales between $1,280 million and $1,290 million.LATISSEÂ®
product net sales at approximately $70 million. Breast aesthetics product net
sales between $270 million and $280 million. Obesity intervention product net
sales between $245 million and $255 million.Facial aesthetics product net sales
between $200 million and $210 million.


Allergan Reports Net Earnings Of $179 Million In Q3 2009

Oct 29, 2009

Allergan, Inc., a multi-specialty healthcare company, has reported net income
attributable to the company of $179 million, or $0.58 per diluted share for the
third quarter of 2009, compared to $165.4 million, or $0.54 per diluted share,
for the third quarter of 2008. The total revenues were $1.14 billion for the
quarter ended September 30, 2009, compared to $1.1 million for the same period
of 2008.For the nine months ended September 30, 2009, the company has reported a
net income attributable to the company of $399.8 million, or $1.31 per diluted
share, compared to $416.5 million, or $1.36 per diluted share, for the same
period of 2009.The total revenues were $3.27 billion for the first nine months
of 2009, compared to $3.34 billion for the same period of 2008. David Pyott, CEO
of Allergan, said: "We are pleased with our continued operational performance
during the third quarter as our businesses are performing better than was
expected at the beginning of 2009."


Allergan Wins Brimonidine Patent Infringement Case

Oct 23, 2009

All five patents asserted by Allergan are valid and enforceableAllergan has
announced that the US District Court for the District of Delaware ruled in favor
of Allergan in its patent infringement suit against Exela PharmSci, Exela
PharmSci, (Exela), Apotex, Inc. and Apotex Corp. (Apotex) for seeking to market
purported generic versions of Allergan's drugs Alphagan P (brimonidine tartrate
ophthalmic solution) 0.1% and 0.15%.Reportedly, after a trial in March 2009, the
Court ruled that all five patents (US Patent Nos 6627210664183466733376562873and
5424078) asserted by Allergan are valid and enforceable, that Apotex's proposed
generic versions of Alphagan P 0.1% and 0.15% infringe each of the five patents,
and that Exela's proposed generic version of Alphagan P 0.15% infringes US
Patent No 6641834, which was the only patent asserted against it. Pursuant to
the Hatch-Waxman Act, the US FDA is required to delay approval of Defendants'
proposed generic products until the last to expire of the infringed patents,
which is 2022. Douglas Ingram, executive vice president, chief administrative
officer and secretary of Allergan, said: "Innovation in medicine has improved
lives, reduced suffering and advanced the quality of patient care, and our
intellectual property embodies our commitment to and investment in medical
innovation. "It is only through a respect for intellectual property rights that
the cost, time and risk of failure associated with new innovations is justified.
Accordingly, this case is a victory not merely for Allergan but for the research
and development process that brings new treatment choices to the medical
community."


Allergan Wins Brimonidine Patent Infringement Case

Oct 23, 2009

Allergan, Inc., a US-based multi-specialty healthcare company, has announced
that the US District Court of Delaware ruled in favor of the company in its
patent infringement suit against Exela PharmSci, Inc., Exela PharmSci Pvt., Ltd.
(Exela), Apotex, Inc. and Apotex Corp. (Apotex) (collectively, the defendants)
for seeking to market purported generic versions of Allergan's drugs ALPHAGAN P
(brimonidine tartrate ophthalmic solution) 0.1% and 0.15%.Specifically, after a
trial in March of 2009, the court ruled that all five patents (US patent nos.
6,627,2106,641,8346,673,3376,562,873and 5,424,078) asserted by Allergan are
valid and enforceable, that Apotex's proposed generic versions of ALPHAGAN P
0.1% and 0.15% infringe each of the five patents, and that Exela's proposed
generic version of ALPHAGAN P 0.15% infringes US patent no. 6,641,834, which was
the only patent asserted against it. Pursuant to the Hatch-Waxman Act, the FDA
is required to delay approval of defendants' proposed generic products until the
last to expire of the infringed patents, which is 2022.Douglas Ingram, executive
vice president, chief administrative officer and secretary of Allergan, said:
"Innovation in medicine has improved lives, reduced suffering and advanced the
quality of patient care, and our intellectual property embodies our commitment
to and investment in medical innovation. "It is only through a respect for
intellectual property rights that the cost, time and risk of failure associated
with new innovations is justified. Accordingly, this case is a victory not
merely for Allergan but for the research and development process that brings new
treatment choices to the medical community."


Allergan Files Federal Lawsuit For Common Therapeutic Off-Label Treatments Of
Botox

Oct 02, 2009

To allow company to share relevant information with the medical community on the
safe useAllergan has filed a declaratory relief action in the US District Court
for the District of Columbia seeking a ruling that would allow Allergan to
proactively share truthful and relevant information with the medical community
to assist physicians in evaluating the risks and benefits of Botox
(onabotulinumtoxinA) for certain 'off-label' therapeutic uses.In the lawsuit,
Allergan contends that the Government's legal position that it is a crime for a
pharmaceutical company to proactively communicate truthful information to
physicians about off-label uses of its products violates the First Amendment and
is inconsistent with the Federal Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act. The lawsuit does not
involve Botox Cosmetic. The FDA has asked for safety updates to the prescribing
labels and a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies (REMS) program for all
botulinum toxin products approved in the US, including Botoxd. The safety
updates and REMS program require Allergan to speak in general terms about
certain off-label uses of Botox. However, to ensure that physicians are equipped
to treat patients as safely and successfully as possible, Allergan believes it
important to proactively provide comprehensive information to physicians about
these off-label uses, such as dosing guidelines, patient selection criteria and
proper injection technique. Without judicial relief, Allergan is unable to
engage in a truthful and relevant information exchange with the medical
community for fear of prosecution. Douglas Ingram, executive vice president,
chief administrative officer and secretary of Allergan, said: "After careful
consideration, Allergan filed this lawsuit to enable it to communicate fully
with the medical community on off-label, therapeutic uses of Botox to treat
patients suffering from serious, debilitating conditions. To serve the
objectives of the FDA-mandated REMS program for Botox and to assist physicians
in evaluating the benefits and risks of the product, Allergan seeks a judgment
that would permit it to provide currently available and truthful information to
doctors for common off-label uses of Botox. "We believe that the inability to
share such important information proactively with the medical community violates
the First Amendment and potentially diminishes the quality of patient care."
Allergan's suit does not challenge the Government's ability to prohibit
pharmaceutical sponsors from disseminating false or misleading information about
their products. Rather, the lawsuit only seeks to permit Allergan to proactively
provide the medical community with truthful, important information about common
off-label uses of Botox. Moreover, far from seeking freedom from regulation,
Allergan hopes this suit will lead to clear regulatory guidance on how it can
lawfully provide accurate and relevant information on the full range of issues
physicians should consider in determining the best therapies for their patients,
said the company.


Allergan Files Federal Lawsuit To Allow It To Share Relevant Information With
Medical Community On Safe Use Of BOTOX

Oct 01, 2009

Allergan, Inc., a US-based healthcare company, has filed a declaratory relief
action in the US District Court of Columbia seeking a ruling that would allow
Allergan to proactively share truthful and relevant information with the medical
community to assist physicians in evaluating the risks and benefits of BOTOX
(onabotulinumtoxinA) for certain "off-label" therapeutic uses. Some of these
off-label uses are medically accepted and commonly prescribed but currently
unapproved by FDA.In the lawsuit, Allergan contends that the government's legal
position that it is a crime for a pharmaceutical company to proactively
communicate truthful information to physicians about off-label uses of its
products violates the First Amendment and is inconsistent with the Federal Food,
Drug & Cosmetic Act. The lawsuit does not involve BOTOX Cosmetic.Under current
law, drugs are approved by the FDA for specific uses. Once a drug is approved,
physicians may exercise their informed medical judgment to prescribe the drug
for any use, including off-label uses. It is estimated that approximately 20% of
all prescriptions in the US are used by physicians for off-label indications and
are often used to treat very serious conditions such as cancer and AIDS. The FDA
has acknowledged the legitimacy and importance of the off-label use of many
pharmaceutical products. In fact, federal, state and private health plans
routinely pay for many off-label drug uses, including off-label therapeutic uses
of BOTOX for certain types of adult and juvenile spasticity. The FDA and
Department of Justice, however, take the position that federal law prohibits
pharmaceutical sponsors from proactively providing information to the medical
community on off-label uses even when such information is accurate and complete.
This is a particularly significant problem for Allergan as, effective September
2009, the FDA has required safety updates to the prescribing labels and a Risk
Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies (REMS) program for all botulinum toxin
products approved in the United States, including BOTOX. The safety updates and
REMS program require Allergan to speak in general terms about certain off-label
uses of BOTOX. However, to ensure that physicians are equipped to treat patients
as safely and successfully as possible, Allergan believes it important to
proactively provide comprehensive information to physicians about these
off-label uses, such as dosing guidelines, patient selection criteria and proper
injection technique. Without judicial relief, Allergan is unable to engage in a
truthful and relevant information exchange with the medical community for fear
of prosecution. Allergan's suit does not challenge the government's ability to
prohibit pharmaceutical sponsors from disseminating false or misleading
information about their products. Rather, the lawsuit only seeks to permit
Allergan to proactively provide the medical community with truthful, important
information about common off-label uses of BOTOX. Moreover, far from seeking
freedom from regulation, Allergan hopes this suit will lead to clear regulatory
guidance on how it can lawfully provide accurate and relevant information on the
full range of issues physicians should consider in determining the best
therapies for their patients. Allergan is represented in its lawsuit by Paul
Clement, a partner at King & Spalding LLP in Washington, DC, and formerly the
43rd Solicitor General of the US. Douglas Ingram, executive vice president,
chief administrative officer and secretary of Allergan, said: "Allergan's After
careful consideration, Allergan filed this lawsuit to enable it to communicate
fully with the medical community on off-label, therapeutic uses of BOTOX to
treat patients suffering from serious, debilitating conditions. "To serve the
objectives of the FDA-mandated REMS program for BOTOX and to assist physicians
in evaluating the benefits and risks of the product, Allergan seeks a judgment
that would permit it to provide currently available and truthful information to
doctors for common off-label uses of BOTOX. We believe that the inability to
share such important information proactively with the medical community violates
the first amendment and potentially diminishes the quality of patient care."


Pieris Enters Into Collaboration Agreement With Allergan

Sep 15, 2009

Pieris will work with Allergan to optimise existing lead Anticalins and to
design novel AnticalinsPieris has entered into a collaboration agreement with
Allergan that combines Pieris' proprietary Anticalin technology with Allergan's
expertise in drug delivery and ophthalmic drug development with a goal of
developing agents for the treatment of serious ocular disorders.Under the terms
of the collaboration Pieris will work with Allergan to optimise existing lead
Anticalins and to design novel Anticalins. Reportedly, Allergan will be solely
responsible for all discovery, development, and commercialisation costs and will
be responsible for clinical development and related activities and
commercialisation. Pieris has granted Allergan a worldwide and exclusive license
to Allergan for specific Anticalins to be used in the field and in return will
receive an upfront payment of $10,000,000. Claus Schalper, interim-CEO of
Pieris, said: We look forward to working together to develop Anticalins as
important medicines for the treatment of a number of ocular diseases. This
collaboration further validates the potential for Anticalins as a new
drug-class."


Allergan Reports Net Earnings Of $176.8 Million For Q2 2009

Jul 31, 2009

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan), a US-based medical device company, has reported total
revenues of $1.13 billion for the second quarter of 2009, compared with the
total revenues of $1.2 billion in the year-ago quarter. It has also reported net
earnings of $176.8 million, or $0.58 per diluted share, for the second quarter
of 2009, compared with the net earnings of $143.8 million, or $0.47 per diluted
share, in the year-ago quarter.Operating Results Attributable to StockholdersFor
the quarter ended June 30, 2009: Allergan reported $0.58 diluted earnings per
share attributable to stockholders compared to $0.47 diluted earnings per share
attributable to stockholders reported for the second quarter of 2008. Allergan's
non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders were $0.75 in
the second quarter of 2009, compared to non-GAAP diluted earnings per share
attributable to stockholders of $0.63 in the second quarter of 2008, a 19.0%
year-over-year increase. Product Sales For the quarter ended June 30, 2009:
Allergan's total product net sales were $1,118.7 million. Total product net
sales decreased 3.2% as compared to total product net sales in the second
quarter of 2008. On a constant currency basis, total product net sales increased
2.2% compared to total product net sales in the second quarter of 2008. Total
specialty pharmaceuticals net sales decreased 0.6% as compared to total
specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the second quarter of 2008. On a constant
currency basis, total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales increased 4.8%
compared to total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the second quarter of
2008. Total medical devices net sales decreased 13.9%, or 8.5% on a constant
currency basis, compared to total medical devices net sales in the second
quarter of 2008. "Our balanced portfolio of products, the contribution from
recently launched products, disciplined execution of our operating plans and
management's attention to cost have all contributed to strong financial
performance in the second quarter," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's chairman
of the board and chief executive officer. "Furthermore, we are excited by the
recent FDA approval of OZURDEX (dexamethasone intravitreal implant) 0.7 mg and
look forward to entering the rapidly growing retina market with the first
FDA-approved drug treatment for macular edema following retinal vein occlusion."
Product and Pipeline Update During the second quarter of 2009: On April 15,
2009, Allergan received approval in Canada for LUMIGAN (bimatoprost ophthalmic
solution) 0.01% for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients
with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. On April 30, 2009, Allergan
commented on the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) requested class
labeling for botulinum toxin treatments. On May 26, 2009, Allergan announced
that it received a complete response letter from the FDA regarding Allergan's
Supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for BOTOX (Botulinum Toxin
Type A) to treat upper limb spasticity. On June 18, 2009, Allergan announced
that the FDA approved OZURDEX (dexamethasone intravitreal implant) 0.7 mg as the
first drug therapy indicated for the treatment of macular edema following branch
retinal vein occlusion or central retinal vein occlusion. Allergan presented to
the FDA the results from its two Phase III studies on the use of BOTOX for the
prophylactic treatment of headache in adults suffering from chronic migraine and
completed an end-of-Phase III meeting and discussions with the FDA.
Incorporating feedback from the FDA, Allergan intends to file its sBLA with the
FDA for the use of BOTOX in chronic migraine by the end of the third quarter of
2009. Following the end of the second quarter of 2009: On July 7, 2009, Senju
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd received approval from the Japanese Ministry of Health,
Labour and Welfare for LUMIGAN Ophthalmic Solution 0.03% for the treatment of
glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Allergan and Senju had previously entered into
an exclusive licensing agreement in Japan to market and develop LUMIGAN within
the ophthalmic specialty area. Senju will pay Allergan a royalty based on
LUMIGAN sales in Japan. On July 14, 2009, Allergan announced Korea Food and Drug
Administration (KFDA) approval of LATISSE (bimatoprost ophthalmic solution)
0.03%, a novel treatment for eyelash hypotrichosis or inadequate eyelashes.
LATISSE is the first and only science-based treatment approved by the FDA and
KFDA to enhance eyelash prominence as measured by increases in length, thickness
and darkness of eyelashes. On July 23, 2009, Allergan announced FDA approval of
ACUVAIL (ketorolac tromethamine ophthalmic solution) 0.45%, an advanced,
preservative-free formulation of ketorolac, a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory
drug indicated for the treatment of pain and inflammation following cataract
surgery. A joint venture was created in Korea with Samil Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.
following decades of partnership to establish a leading position in ophthalmic
pharmaceuticals. Outlook For the full year of 2009, Allergan estimates: Total
product net sales between $4,200 million and $4,300 million. Total specialty
pharmaceuticals net sales between $3,505 million and $3,560 million. Total
medical devices net sales between $695 million and $740 million. ALPHAGAN
Franchise product net sales between $360 million and $380 million. LUMIGAN
Franchise product net sales between $430 million and $450 million. RESTASIS
product net sales between $490 million and $510 million. SANCTURA Franchise
product net sales at about $70 million. BOTOX product net sales between $1,200
million and $1,220 million. LATISSE product net sales at about $60 million.
Breast aesthetics product net sales between $265 million and $280 million.
Obesity intervention product net sales between $245 million and $260 million.
Facial aesthetics product net sales between $185 million and $200 million.
Non-GAAP cost of sales to product net sales ratio between 17.0% and 17.5%. Other
revenue at about $60 million. Non-GAAP selling, general and administrative
expenses to product net sales ratio at about 39%. Non-GAAP research and
development expenses to product net sales ratio between 16% and 17%.
Amortization of acquired intangible assets at about $20 million. This guidance
excludes the amortization of acquired intangible assets associated with the
Inamed, CornÃ©al, EndoArt, Esprit, and Samil acquisitions and the ACZONE asset
purchase. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders
guidance between $2.71 and $2.75. Diluted shares outstanding between about 304
million and 306 million. Effective tax rate on non-GAAP earnings at about 29%.
For the third quarter of 2009, Allergan estimates: Total product net sales
between $1,050 million and $1,100 million. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share
attributable to stockholders guidance between $0.67 and $0.69.


Allergan Reports Product Net Sales Of $1.11b

Jul 31, 2009

Reported diluted earnings per share of $0.58Allergan reported $0.58 diluted
earnings per share attributable to stockholders compared to $0.47 diluted
earnings per share attributable to stockholders reported for the second quarter
of 2008.Allergan's non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to
stockholders were $0.75 in the second quarter of 2009, compared to non-GAAP
diluted earnings per share attributable to stockholders of $0.63 in the second
quarter of 2008, a 19.0% year-over-year increase. Allergan's total product net
sales were $1,118.7m. Total product net sales decreased 3.2% as compared to
total product net sales in the second quarter of 2008. David Pyott, chairman and
chief executive officer, Allergan, said: "Our balanced portfolio of products,
the contribution from recently launched products, disciplined execution of our
operating plans and management's attention to cost have all contributed to
strong financial performance in the second quarter. Furthermore, we are excited
by the recent FDA approval of OZURDEX (dexamethasone intravitreal implant) 0.7mg
and look forward to entering the rapidly growing retina market with the first
FDA-approved drug treatment for macular edema following retinal vein occlusion."



Allergan Receives FDA Approval For Acuvail Ophthalmic Solution

Jul 23, 2009

Acuvail, formulated at pH 6.8, enabling deionized drug delivery on the corneal
surfaceFDA has approved Allergan's ACUVAIL (ketorolac tromethamine ophthalmic
solution) 0.45%, a preservative-free formulation of ketorolac. Its a
nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) indicated for the treatment of pain
and inflammation, following cataract surgery.Reportedly, Acuvail is formulated
at pH 6.8, enabling deionized drug delivery on the corneal surface. The company
claims that in the clinical studies, the efficacy of ACUVAIL was defined as
complete clearance of anterior chamber inflammation, measured by summed
inflammation score (SOIS) and ocular pain relief, following cataract extraction
with posterior chamber intraocular lens (IOL) implantation. Scott Whitcup,
executive vice president of R&D and chief scientific officer of Allergan, said:
"We are pleased to provide physicians and their patients with an advanced and
effective NSAID option for the treatment of pain and inflammation following
cataract surgery. With its preservative-free formulation, optimized tolerability
and twice-daily dosing convenience, we anticipate that ACUVAIL will be a
valuable addition to the overall management of cataract surgery patients."


FDA Designates Fast Track Status For Bladder Cancer Drug Apaziquone

Jul 21, 2009

Spectrum Pharmaceuticals (Spectrum) and Allergan, a US-based multi-specialty
healthcare company, have reported that the FDA has granted fast track
designation for the investigation of apaziquone (EOquin) for the treatment of
non-muscle invasive bladder cancer.Fast track designation is designed to
facilitate drug development and expedite the review of drugs intended to treat
serious conditions and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical
needs.Rajesh Shrotriya, managing director, chairman, president, and CEO of
Spectrum, said:"We are pleased that the FDA has accepted apaziquone under its
fast track program. In a marker lesion study, where patients had previously
failed multiple therapies, apaziquone produced a 67% complete response and was
well-tolerated. "We look forward to continuing with Phase III studies evaluating
the efficacy and safety of apaziquone, while working with the FDA to expedite
the drug's development, review and approval process so we can help address the
substantial unmet needs of patients suffering from non-muscle invasive bladder
cancer."


Allergan Q2 2009 Net Income Increases

Jul 21, 2009

Allergan, Inc., a multi-specialty health care company, has reported a net income
attributable to the company of $176.1 million, or $0.58 per share for the second
quarter of 2009, compared to $143.4 million, or $0.47 per share, for the second
quarter of 2008. The revenues for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 were $1.13
billion compared to the revenues of $1.17 billion for the same period in
2008.For the six months ended June 30, 2009, the company has reported a net
income attributable to the company of $220.8 million or $0.72 per share,
compared to the net income of $251.1 million or $0.82 per share for the same
period in 2008.The revenues were $2.14 billion for the first six months of 2009,
compared to the revenues of $2.25 billion for the same period in 2008. David
Pyott, CEO of Allergan, said: "Our balanced portfolio of products, the
contribution from recently launched products, disciplined execution of our
operating plans and management's attention to cost have all contributed to
strong financial performance in the second quarter."


Allergan Receives FDA Approval For OZURDEX

Jun 18, 2009

Administered via intravitreal injection to deliver dexamethasoneAllergan has
received FDA approval for OZURDEX (dexamethasone intravitreal implant) 0.7mg, as
the first drug therapy for the treatment of macular edema, following branch
retinal vein occlusion (BRVO) or central retinal vein occlusion (CRVO).OZURDEX
is a first-of-its kind therapy administered via intravitreal injection
delivering dexamethasone, a highly potent corticosteroid, via Allergan's
proprietary and innovative NOVADUR solid polymer delivery system, the company
said. Scott Whitcup, Vice President of R&D and Chief Scientific Officer at
Allergan, said: "OZURDEX represents the first injectable, sustained-release,
potent steroid implant that provides prolonged efficacy and a favorable safety
profile. In the clinical studies, 20 to 30 percent of patients suffering from
this severe retinal condition experienced a 3-line improvement in best-corrected
visual acuity with an onset of effect within the first two months following
therapy2."


Allergan Reports Net Income Of $44.7m For Q1 2009

May 01, 2009

Allergan, Inc., a multi-specialty healthcare company, has reported a net income
attributable to the company of $44.7m, or $0.15 per share, for the first quarter
of 2009, compared to $107.7m, or $0.35 per share, for the first quarter of 2008.
Total revenues were $1 billion for the first quarter of 2009 compared to $1.07
billion for the first quarter of 2008. Research and development expenses were
$182.1m for the first quarter of 2009 compared to $182.9m for the same period of
2008. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $484.5m for the first
quarter of 2009 compared to $482.2m for the same period of 2008.David Pyott,
chairman of the board and CEO of Allergan, said, Our focused approach to the
management of our costs as well as our businesses has once again allowed us to
deliver solid financial results for the first quarter of 2009. Furthermore, we
are making excellent progress in our launch efforts for LATISSE (bimatoprost
ophthalmic solution) 0.03% and are very pleased with the positive feedback we
have received thus far from the market.


Allergan Q1 2009 Net Income Decreases

May 01, 2009

Allergan, Inc., a multi-specialty health care company, has reported a net income
attributable to the company of $45 million, or $0.15 per share for the first
quarter of 2009, compared to $107.7 million, or $0.35 per share, for the same
period of 2008. The revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2009 were $1
billion compared to $1.1 billion for the same period in 2008.Operating income
for the first quarter of 2009 was $82.1million, compared to $166 million for the
first quarter of 2008.David Pyott, CEO of Allergan, said: "Our focused approach
to the management of our costs as well as our businesses has once again allowed
us to deliver solid financial results for the first quarter of 2009."


Allergan Posts Net Earnings Of $45 Million For Q1 2009

May 01, 2009

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan), a US-based medical device company, has reported total
revenues of $1 billion for the first quarter of 2009, down compared with the
total revenues of $1 billion in the year-ago quarter. It has also reported net
earnings of $45 million, or $0.15 per diluted share, for the first quarter of
2009, compared with the net earnings of $107.9 million, or $0.35 per diluted
share, in the year-ago quarter.Allergan's non-GAAP diluted earnings per share
attributable to stockholders were $0.55 in the first quarter of 2009, compared
to non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.53 in the first quarter of 2008, a
3.8% year-over-year increase.Product Sales For the quarter ended March 31, 2009:
Allergan's total product net sales were $994.6 million. Total product net sales
decreased 6.3% as compared to total product net sales in the first quarter of
2008. On a constant currency basis, total product net sales decreased 0.4%
compared to total product net sales in the first quarter of 2008. Total
specialty pharmaceuticals net sales decreased 3.6% as compared to total
specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the first quarter of 2008. On a constant
currency basis, total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales increased 2.3%
compared to total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the first quarter of
2008. Total medical devices net sales decreased 17.6%, or 11.6% at constant
currency, compared to total medical devices net sales in the first quarter of
2008. Our focused approach to the management of our costs as well as our
businesses has once again allowed us to deliver solid financial results for the
first quarter of 2009, said David E.I. Pyott, chairman of the board and chief
executive officer, Allergan Furthermore, we are making excellent progress in our
launch efforts for LATISSE (bimatoprost ophthalmic solution) 0.03% and are very
pleased with the positive feedback we have received thus far from the market.
Product and Pipeline Update During the first quarter of 2009: GlaxoSmithKline
received approval of BOTOX (botulinum toxin type A) for the treatment of
glabellar lines and equinus foot due to lower limb spasticity in juvenile
cerebral palsy patients in Japan. GlaxoSmithKline also received approval of
BOTOX for the treatment of glabellar lines in China. Allergan's New Drug
Application seeking approval of POSURDEX for macular edema associated with
retinal vein occlusion was granted priority review status by the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration (FDA). Following the end of the first quarter of 2009:
Allergan received approval of LUMIGAN (bimatoprost ophthalmic solution) 0.01%
for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open angle
glaucoma or ocular hypertension in Canada. Allergan commented on FDA requested
class labeling for botulinum toxin treatments. Outlook For the full year of
2009: All guidance provided on February 4, 2009 remains unchanged. For the
second quarter of 2009, Allergan estimates: Total product net sales between
$1,050 million and $1,100 million. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share
attributable to stockholders guidance between $0.66 and $0.68.


Federal Judge Cites Preemption, Dismisses Device Liability Suit Against Allergan


Mar 26, 2009

Citing device preemption, a federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit filed by a
woman who claims that the breast implants she received as part of a clinical
trial caused a range of medical problems. Judge Robert Echols of the US District
Court for the Middle District of Tennessee, Nashville Division, dismissed Susan
Dorsey v. Allergan, Inc. and Allergan Sales, LLC, on summary judgment. In his
ruling, Echols cites last year's Supreme Court decision in Riegel v. Medtronic,
Inc. that upheld federal preemption of state liability claims concerning
PMA-approved devices.


Allergan Declares Quarterly Dividend

Feb 04, 2009

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) board has declared a dividend of $0.05 per share, for
the fourth quarter of 2008. The dividend is payable on March 13, 2009 to
stockholders of record on February 20, 2009.


Allergan Reports 2008 Results

Feb 04, 2009

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) has reported total revenues of $4.4 billion for the
full year of 2008, compared with the total revenues of $3.94 billion in the
previous year-end. It has also reported net earnings of $578.6 million, or $1.89
per diluted share, for the full year of 2008, compared with the net earnings of
$499.3 million, or $1.62 per diluted share, in the previous year-end.Operating
ResultsFor the quarter ended December 31, 2008: Allergan reported $0.50 diluted
earnings per share from continuing operations compared to $0.52 diluted earnings
per share reported for the fourth quarter of 2007. Allergan's adjusted diluted
earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.76 in the fourth quarter
of 2008, compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.60 in the fourth
quarter of 2007, a 26.7 percent year-over-year increase. Product Sales For the
quarter ended December 31, 2008: Allergan's total product net sales were
$1,041.0 million. Total product net sales decreased 3.2 percent as compared to
total product net sales in the fourth quarter of 2007. On a constant currency
basis, total product net sales increased 1.6 percent compared to total product
net sales in the fourth quarter of 2007. Total specialty pharmaceuticals net
sales decreased 1.4 percent as compared to total specialty pharmaceuticals net
sales in the fourth quarter of 2007. On a constant currency basis, total
specialty pharmaceuticals net sales increased 3.3 percent compared to total
specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the fourth quarter of 2007. Core medical
devices net sales decreased 9.6 percent, or 4.8 percent at constant currency,
compared to core medical devices net sales in the fourth quarter of 2007.
"Allergan continued to demonstrate an ability to apply discipline and execution
in our core specialty businesses despite the challenging economic environment
observed in the fourth quarter of 2008," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's
chairman of the board and chief executive officer. "Our goal is to continue to
focus on enhancing efficiencies and strengthening our position within our core
specialty markets throughout 2009, as we look forward to the anticipated
approvals and launches of new growth drivers from our rich R&D pipeline,
including the recently approved LATISSEâ¢ for enhanced eyelash prominence."
Based on internal information and assumptions, full year 2008 therapeutic sales
accounted for approximately 50% of total BOTOX (botulinum toxin type A) sales
and grew at a rate of approximately 8% compared to 2007. Full year 2008 cosmetic
sales accounted for approximately 50% of total BOTOX sales and grew at a rate of
approximately 8% compared to 2007. Outlook For the full year of 2009, Allergan
estimates: Total product net sales between $4,100 million and $4,300 million.
Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales between $3,395 million and $3,510
million. Total medical devices net sales between $705 million and $790 million.
ALPHAGAN Franchise product net sales between $350 million and $370 million.
LUMIGAN Franchise product net sales between $410 million and $430 million.
RESTASIS product net sales between $490 million and $510 million. SANCTURA
Franchise product net sales at approximately $70 million. BOTOX product net
sales between $1,150 million and $1,190 million. LATISSE product net sales
between $30 million and $50 million. Breast aesthetics product net sales between
$265 million and $290 million. Obesity intervention product net sales between
$255 million and $285 million. Facial aesthetics product net sales between $185
million and $215 million. Adjusted cost of sales to product net sales ratio
between 17.0% and 17.5%. Other revenue between $60 million and $70 million.
Adjusted selling, general and administrative expenses to product net sales ratio
at approximately 39%. Adjusted research and development expenses to product net
sales ratio at approximately 17%. Amortization of acquired intangible assets at
approximately $20 million. This guidance excludes the amortization of acquired
intangible assets associated with the Inamed, CornÃ©al, EndoArt and Esprit
acquisitions. Adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance between $2.69 and
$2.75. Diluted shares outstanding between approximately 304 million and 306
million. Effective tax rate on adjusted earnings at approximately 29%. For the
first quarter of 2009, Allergan estimates: Total product net sales between $960
million and $1,000 million. Adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance between
$0.50 and $0.52.


Allergan Q4 2008 Net Income Decreases

Feb 04, 2009

Allergan, Inc., a multi-specialty healthcare company, has reported a net income
of $150.6 million or $0.50 per share, for the fourth quarter of 2008, compared
to a net income of $160.3 million or $0.52 per share for the fourth quarter of
2007. Total revenues for the quarter ended December 31, 2008, were $1.05
billion, compared to $1.09 billion for the same period in 2007.For the full year
of 2008, the company has reported a net income of $578.6 million or $1.89 per
share, compared to $499.3 million or $1.62 per share for the same period in
2007. The revenues were $4.4 billion for the full year 2008 compared to revenues
of $3.94 billion for 2007.David Pyott, CEO of Allergan, said: "Allergan
continued to demonstrate an ability to apply discipline and execution in our
core specialty businesses despite the challenging economic environment observed
in the fourth quarter of 2008."


Allergan Spends $1.8 Million On Lobbying In 3Q 2008

Nov 25, 2008

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) has spent around $0.46 million for lobbying the US
federal government in the third quarter of 2008. Allergan lobbied on various
bills that provide tax credits to companies that invest in research and
development and renewable energy. The company also lobbied on a bill designed to
give the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) authority to approve generic
versions of biotech drugs.Unlike traditional chemical drugs, biotech drugs have
never faced generic competition because the FDA lacks authority to approve
cheaper copies.An effort to give the FDA that power stalled in 2007, when
lawmakers couldn't agree on how many years of market exclusivity to give biotech
products. Congress is not expected to take up the issue again until next year.


Allergan Declares Quarterly Dividend

Oct 29, 2008

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) board has declared a dividend of $0.05 per share, for
the third quarter of 2008. The dividend is payable on December 1, 2008 to
stockholders of record on November 10, 2008.


Allergan Declares 3Q 2008 Results

Oct 29, 2008

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) has reported adjusted revenues of $1,098.2 million for
the third quarter of 2008, compared with the adjusted revenues of $993.7 million
in the year ago quarter. It also reported adjusted net earnings of $200.4
million, or $0.65 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2008, compared
with the adjusted net earnings of $179.9 million, or $0.58 per diluted share, in
the year ago quarter.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended September 30, 2008:
Allergan reported $0.55 diluted earnings per share from continuing operations
compared to $0.50 diluted earnings per share reported for the third quarter of
2007. Allergan's adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations
were $0.65 in the third quarter of 2008, compared to adjusted diluted earnings
per share of $0.58 in the third quarter of 2007, a 12.1 percent year-over-year
increase. Product Sales For the quarter ended September 30, 2008: Allergan's
total product net sales were $1,081.9 million. Total product net sales increased
10.5 percent, or 8.6 percent at constant currency, compared to total product net
sales in the third quarter of 2007. Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales
increased 11.3 percent, or 9.3 percent at constant currency, compared to total
specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the third quarter of 2007. Core medical
devices net sales increased 8.5 percent, or 6.8 percent at constant currency,
compared to core medical devices net sales in the third quarter of 2007. "In
spite of the impact of the economy in Europe and the United States on our
cash-pay businesses, we made tough spending tradeoffs as we have applied
discipline and execution to deliver the top end of our earnings per share
guidance for the third quarter," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's Chairman of
the Board and Chief Executive Officer. "As we manage through the economic
downturn, our goal will be to continue to invest in building an ever stronger
R&D pipeline and to selectively direct commercial funds to the highest return
initiatives, including the launch of products expected to be approved in 2009.
These strategies should ensure that we are well positioned to emerge from the
downturn with intact long-term growth and value creation fundamentals." Product
and Pipeline Update During the third quarter of 2008: On July 14, 2008, Allergan
announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Allergan Sales, LLC, completed the
acquisition of ACZONEÂ® (dapsone) Gel 5%, a topical treatment for acne vulgaris,
from QLT USA, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of QLT Inc. (NASDAQ:QLTI)
(TSX:QLT), for approximately $150 million. On July 18, 2008, Allergan announced
that Jan Marini Skin Research, Inc. (Jan Marini), a defendant in Allergan's
patent infringement lawsuit pending in the United States District Court for the
Central District of California (the Lawsuit), agreed to cease distributing
eyelash products containing certain drug substances such as prostaglandin
analogs in the United States and in all other countries worldwide where Allergan
owns related patents. Further, Jan Marini formally acknowledged the validity of
Allergan's relevant patents covering the use of these drug substances.
Additionally, on July 30, 2008, Allergan announced that defendant Intuit Beauty,
Inc. (Intuit Beauty) also agreed to the same prohibition and likewise
acknowledged the validity of the patents at issue. Based on these conditions and
acknowledgements, in separate settlement agreements Allergan agreed to dismiss
Jan Marini and Intuit Beauty from the Lawsuit. Finally, on September 27, 2008,
Cayman Chemical Company ("Cayman"), an active ingredient supplier to marketers
of eyelash growth products, agreed to cease distributing drug substances such as
prostaglandin analogs to those marketers intending to include them in products
such as those for eyelash enhancement. In exchange, Allergan agreed to dismiss
Cayman from the Lawsuit. On September 11, 2008, Allergan announced that the
company's top-line analysis of its two Phase III clinical trials exploring the
use of BOTOXÂ® (botulinum toxin type A) for the prophylactic treatment of
headache in adults suffering from chronic migraine (i.e., headaches and/or
migraines that occur on 15 or more days each month) showed a statistically
significant decrease in the number of headache days experienced by patients.
Based on this top-line analysis, Allergan hopes to file a supplemental biologics
license application (sBLA) with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for
the use of BOTOXÂ® in chronic migraine by mid-2009. Allergan entered into an
exclusive license agreement with Asterand plc relating to a series of
pre-clinical compounds whereby Allergan obtained rights to develop and
commercialize select compounds to treat diseases of the eye. Allergan filed a
premarket approval supplement with the FDA for JUVÃ[0/00]DERMÂ® Injectable Gel
with lidocaine, the company's 'next-generation' hyaluronic acid dermal filler
product, which incorporates the local anesthetic 0.3% lidocaine for improved
patient comfort. Allergan filed a sBLA with the FDA for BOTOXÂ® to treat
post-stroke upper limb spasticity, and was subsequently granted priority
review.Following the end of the third quarter of 2008: On October 15, 2008,
Allergan and Clinique, the #1 prestige cosmetics brand in the United States,
announced the nationwide availability of CLINIQUE MEDICAL. This new skin care
line is scientifically designed and clinically proven to complement select
in-office cosmetic procedures and available only through skin care physicians'
offices. Allergan completed the initial analysis of data from its Phase III
studies of POSURDEXÂ® for macular edema associated with retinal vein occlusion
(RVO). Patients receiving either the 350 microgram or the 700 microgram dose of
POSURDEXÂ® demonstrated a statistically significant increase in vision based on
a 3-line or better improvement in visual acuity compared to a sham treatment. In
addition, both doses of POSURDEXÂ® were well tolerated in the studies. Less than
7% of patients receiving 700 or 350 micrograms of POSURDEXÂ® experienced an
elevation of intraocular pressure greater than 35 mm Hg at any time during the 6
month study, and at 6 months less than 1% of patients had an IOP above 25 mm Hg.
Based on the study results, Allergan intends to file a new drug application
(NDA) in the fourth quarter seeking approval of POSURDEXÂ® to treat macular
edema associated with RVO. POSURDEXÂ® is a novel formulation of dexamethasone in
Allergan's proprietary, sustained-release drug delivery system that can be used
to locally administer medications to the retina. Brimonidine in this drug
delivery system is currently being investigated as a treatment for retinal
disease in Phase II clinical trials. Allergan invested in BAROnova, Inc.'s
Series B financing to further advance the development of BAROnova's new
technology designed to meet an unmet need in obesity intervention. BAROnova's
non-surgical, non-pharmacologic TransPyloric Shuttle (TPS) weight-loss
technology uses a revolutionary mechanical approach that ideally causes the
patient's stomach to fill up more quickly and to stay full longer, triggering
the body's natural intake-reduction processes. As is customary for new
indications, the FDA has scheduled a meeting of its Dermatologic and Ophthalmic
Drugs Advisory Committee (DODAC) as part of the NDA review process for
bimatoprost, a synthetic prostaglandin analog, as a treatment to improve the
prominence of natural eyelashes. Allergan is pleased that the review of the NDA
is on schedule and looks forward to reviewing the results from its clinical
trial program with the DODAC, which has been scheduled to take place on Friday,
December 5. Allergan today announced that Allergan and Spectrum Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. signed an exclusive collaboration for the development and commercialization
of apaziquone, an antineoplastic agent currently being investigated for the
treatment of non-muscle invasive bladder cancer. Allergan will pay Spectrum
$41.5 million upfront and will make payments based on the achievement of certain
additional development, regulatory and commercialization milestones.


Allergan Reports Third Quarter 2008 Operating Results

Oct 29, 2008

IRVINE, Calif., October 29, 2008) -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN) today announced
operating results for the quarter ended September 30, 2008. Allergan also
announced that its Board of Directors has declared a third quarter dividend of
$0.05 per share, payable on December 1, 2008 to stockholders of record on
November 10, 2008.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended September 30,
2008:Allergan reported $0.55 diluted earnings per share from continuing
operations compared to $0.50 diluted earnings per share reported for the third
quarter of 2007. Allergans adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing
operations were $0.65 in the third quarter of 2008, compared to adjusted diluted
earnings per share of $0.58 in the third quarter of 2007, a 12.1 percent
year-over-year increase. Product SalesFor the quarter ended September 30, 2008:
Allergans total product net sales were $1,081.9 million. Total product net sales
increased 10.5 percent, or 8.6 percent at constant currency, compared to total
product net sales in the third quarter of 2007. Total specialty pharmaceuticals
net sales increased 11.3 percent, or 9.3 percent at constant currency, compared
to total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the third quarter of 2007. Core
medical devices net sales increased 8.5 percent, or 6.8 percent at constant
currency, compared to core medical devices net sales in the third quarter of
2007. "In spite of the impact of the economy in Europe and the United States on
our cash-pay businesses, we made tough spending tradeoffs as we have applied
discipline and execution to deliver the top end of our earnings per share
guidance for the third quarter," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergans Chairman of
the Board and Chief Executive Officer. "As we manage through the economic
downturn, our goal will be to continue to invest in building an ever stronger
R&D pipeline and to selectively direct commercial funds to the highest return
initiatives, including the launch of products expected to be approved in 2009.
These strategies should ensure that we are well positioned to emerge from the
downturn with intact long-term growth and value creation fundamentals." Product
and Pipeline UpdateDuring the third quarter of 2008: On July 14, 2008, Allergan
announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Allergan Sales, LLC, completed the
acquisition of ACZONEÂ® (dapsone) Gel 5%, a topical treatment for acne vulgaris,
from QLT USA, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of QLT Inc. (NASDAQ:QLTI)
(TSX:QLT), for approximately $150 million. On July 18, 2008, Allergan announced
that Jan Marini Skin Research, Inc. (Jan Marini), a defendant in Allergans
patent infringement lawsuit pending in the United States District Court for the
Central District of California (the Lawsuit), agreed to cease distributing
eyelash products containing certain drug substances such as prostaglandin
analogs in the United States and in all other countries worldwide where Allergan
owns related patents. Further, Jan Marini formally acknowledged the validity of
Allergans relevant patents covering the use of these drug substances.
Additionally, on July 30, 2008, Allergan announced that defendant Intuit Beauty,
Inc. (Intuit Beauty) also agreed to the same prohibition and likewise
acknowledged the validity of the patents at issue. Based on these conditions and
acknowledgements, in separate settlement agreements Allergan agreed to dismiss
Jan Marini and Intuit Beauty from the Lawsuit. Finally, on September 27, 2008,
Cayman Chemical Company ("Cayman"), an active ingredient supplier to marketers
of eyelash growth products, agreed to cease distributing drug substances such as
prostaglandin analogs to those marketers intending to include them in products
such as those for eyelash enhancement. In exchange, Allergan agreed to dismiss
Cayman from the Lawsuit. On September 11, 2008, Allergan announced that the
companys top-line analysis of its two Phase III clinical trials exploring the
use of BOTOXÂ® (botulinum toxin type A) for the prophylactic treatment of
headache in adults suffering from chronic migraine (i.e., headaches and/or
migraines that occur on 15 or more days each month) showed a statistically
significant decrease in the number of headache days experienced by patients.
Based on this top-line analysis, Allergan hopes to file a supplemental biologics
license application (sBLA) with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for
the use of BOTOXÂ® in chronic migraine by mid-2009. Allergan entered into an
exclusive license agreement with Asterand plc relating to a series of
pre-clinical compounds whereby Allergan obtained rights to develop and
commercialize select compounds to treat diseases of the eye. Allergan filed a
premarket approval supplement with the FDA for JUVÃ[0/00]DERMÂ® Injectable Gel
with lidocaine, the companys next-generation hyaluronic acid dermal filler
product, which incorporates the local anesthetic 0.3% lidocaine for improved
patient comfort. Allergan filed a sBLA with the FDA for BOTOXÂ® to treat
post-stroke upper limb spasticity, and was subsequently granted priority
review.Following the end of the third quarter of 2008: On October 15, 2008,
Allergan and Clinique, the #1 prestige cosmetics brand in the United States,
announced the nationwide availability of CLINIQUE MEDICAL. This new skin care
line is scientifically designed and clinically proven to complement select
in-office cosmetic procedures and available only through skin care physicians
offices. Allergan completed the initial analysis of data from its Phase III
studies of POSURDEXÂ® for macular edema associated with retinal vein occlusion
(RVO). Patients receiving either the 350 microgram or the 700 microgram dose of
POSURDEXÂ® demonstrated a statistically significant increase in vision based on
a 3-line or better improvement in visual acuity compared to a sham treatment. In
addition, both doses of POSURDEXÂ® were well tolerated in the studies. Less than
7% of patients receiving 700 or 350 micrograms of POSURDEXÂ® experienced an
elevation of intraocular pressure greater than 35 mm Hg at any time during the 6
month study, and at 6 months less than 1% of patients had an IOP above 25 mm Hg.
Based on the study results, Allergan intends to file a new drug application
(NDA) in the fourth quarter seeking approval of POSURDEXÂ® to treat macular
edema associated with RVO. POSURDEXÂ® is a novel formulation of dexamethasone in
Allergans proprietary, sustained-release drug delivery system that can be used
to locally administer medications to the retina. Brimonidine in this drug
delivery system is currently being investigated as a treatment for retinal
disease in Phase II clinical trials. Allergan invested in BAROnova, Inc.s Series
B financing to further advance the development of BAROnovas new technology
designed to meet an unmet need in obesity intervention. BAROnovas non-surgical,
non-pharmacologic TransPyloric Shuttle (TPS) weight-loss technology uses a
revolutionary mechanical approach that ideally causes the patients stomach to
fill up more quickly and to stay full longer, triggering the bodys natural
intake-reduction processes. As is customary for new indications, the FDA has
scheduled a meeting of its Dermatologic and Ophthalmic Drugs Advisory Committee
(DODAC) as part of the NDA review process for bimatoprost, a synthetic
prostaglandin analog, as a treatment to improve the prominence of natural
eyelashes. Allergan is pleased that the review of the NDA is on schedule and
looks forward to reviewing the results from its clinical trial program with the
DODAC, which has been scheduled to take place on Friday, December 5. Allergan
today announced that Allergan and Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. signed an
exclusive collaboration for the development and commercialization of apaziquone,
an antineoplastic agent currently being investigated for the treatment of
non-muscle invasive bladder ca


Allergan And Spectrum Sign Collaboration Agreement For Apaziquone

Oct 29, 2008

Allergan, a multi-specialty health care company, and Spectrum Pharmaceuticals
(Spectrum) have signed an exclusive collaboration for the development and
commercialization of apaziquone, an antineoplastic agent currently being
investigated for the treatment of non-muscle invasive bladder cancer by
intravesical instillation. Under the terms of the agreement, Allergan will pay
Spectrum $41.5 million at closing and will make additional payments of up to
$304 million based on the achievement of certain development, regulatory and
commercialization milestones.Spectrum retained exclusive rights to apaziquone in
Asia, including Japan and China. Allergan received exclusive rights to
apaziquone for the treatment of bladder cancer in the rest of the world,
including the US Canada and Europe. In the US Allergan and Spectrum will
co-promote apaziquone and share in its profits and expenses. Allergan will also
pay Spectrum royalties on all of its apaziquone sales outside of the US.
Spectrum will continue to conduct the apaziquone clinical trials pursuant to a
joint development plan, with Allergan bearing the majority of these expenses.
David Pyott, chairman of the board and CEO of Allergan, said: "Allergan looks
forward to working with Spectrum in developing novel treatments for bladder
cancer, and we believe apaziquone, if approved, has the potential to represent a
meaningful advancement to urologists and patients in the current bladder cancer
treatment paradigm."


Allergan Declares Quarterly Dividend

Jul 30, 2008

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) board has declared a dividend of $0.05 per share, for
the second quarter of 2008. The dividend is payable on September 5, 2008 to
stockholders of record on August 15, 2008.


Allergan Reports 2Q 2008 Results

Jul 30, 2008

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) has reported total revenues of $1.1 billion for the
second quarter of 2008, compared with the total revenues of $0.97 billion in the
year-ago quarter. It has also reported net earnings of $147.3 million, or $0.48
per share, for the second quarter of 2008, compared with the net earnings of
$137.8 million, or $0.45 per share, in the year-ago quarter.Operating ResultsFor
the quarter ended June 30, 2008: Allergan's adjusted diluted earnings per share
from continuing operations were $0.63 in the second quarter of 2008, compared to
adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.54 in the second quarter of 2007, a
16.7% year-over-year increase. Product Sales For the quarter ended June 30,
2008: Allergan's total product net sales were $1,155.8 million. Total product
net sales increased 20.1 percent, or 15.7 percent at constant currency, compared
to total product net sales in the second quarter of 2007. Total specialty
pharmaceuticals net sales increased 21.0 percent, or 16.7 percent at constant
currency, compared to total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the second
quarter of 2007. Total medical devices net sales increased 16.4 percent, or 11.5
percent at constant currency, compared to total medical devices net sales in the
second quarter of 2007. "Sales growth in the second quarter of over 20%
demonstrates the strength in diversity of our business model with particularly
strong performance in reimbursed pharmaceuticals and our businesses outside the
United States," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer. "Furthermore, as discussed at our R&D technology review
day in June, we have a robust R&D pipeline that should fuel additional growth
over the long-term." Product and Pipeline Update During the second quarter of
2008: On June 16, 2008, Allergan announced that the FDA approved TRIVARIS(TM)
(triamcinolone acetonide injectable suspension) 80 mg/mL, a synthetic
glucocorticoid corticosteroid with anti-inflammatory action. Delivered via
intravitreal injection, the ophthalmic indications for TRIVARIS(TM) include
sympathetic ophthalmia, temporal arteritis, uveitis, and ocular inflammatory
conditions unresponsive to topical corticosteroids. As a result of Allergan's
development and promotion arrangement with GlaxoSmithKline, GSK submitted a sNDA
with the Japanese regulatory authorities for BOTOX(R) to treat Juvenile Cerebral
Palsy. Achieving this milestone demonstrates excellent co-development progress
with our GSK partner. The Australian regulatory authorities expanded the
approval for BOTOX(R) to include the upper limb in patients with Juvenile
Cerebral Palsy, bringing BOTOX(R) treatment to the broader population of
pediatric patients in Australia suffering from this debilitating neuromuscular
condition. BOTOX(R) had been approved for the treatment of lower-limb spasticity
in patients with Cerebral Palsy in 1998. Allergan filed a New Drug Application
with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for bimatoprost, a synthetic
prostaglandin analog, as a treatment to promote eyelash growth. Allergan's
clinical trial program demonstrated that its patented formulation of
bimatoprost, when applied directly to the base of the eyelashes, results in
significant eyelash growth. Following the end of the second quarter of 2008: On
July 14, 2008, Allergan announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Allergan
Sales, LLC, completed the acquisition of ACZONE(R) (dapsone) Gel 5%, a topical
treatment for acne vulgaris, from QLT USA, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
QLT Inc. (NASDAQ:QLTI) (TSX:QLT), for approximately $150 million. On July 18,
2008, Allergan announced that it has agreed to dismiss its legal action against
Jan Marini Skin Research, Inc. ("Jan Marini"), one of the defendants in
Allergan's patent infringement lawsuit pending in the United States District
Court for the Central District of California. In addition, Allergan today
announced that it has agreed to dismiss its legal action against Intuit Beauty,
a further defendant in the patent infringement lawsuit. The dismissals are based
on Jan Marini and Intuit Beauty acknowledging the validity of Allergan's
relevant patents covering the use of certain drug substances, such as
prostaglandin analogs, to promote eyelash enhancement and also agreeing to cease
their distribution of eyelash products containing these ingredients in the
United States and other countries worldwide where Allergan owns related patents.
Discontinued Operations On July 2, 2007, Allergan completed the sale of the
ophthalmic surgical business that Allergan obtained in connection with its
January 2007 acquisition of Groupe Corneal Laboratoires. Operating results of
the ophthalmic surgical business are presented as discontinued operations in the
financial tables of this press release. Common Stock Split On June 22, 2007,
Allergan completed a two-for-one stock split of its common stock. The stock
split was structured in the form of a 100% stock dividend and was paid to
stockholders of record on June 11, 2007. All share and per share data contained
in this press release have been adjusted to reflect the effect of the stock
split for all periods presented. Outlook For the full year of 2008, Allergan
estimates: Total product net sales between $4,465 million and $4,575 million.
Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales between $3,585 million and $3,635
million. Total medical devices net sales between $880 million and $940 million.
ALPHAGAN(R) Franchise product net sales between $380 million and $400 million.
LUMIGAN(R) Franchise product net sales between $430 million and $450 million.
RESTASIS(R) product net sales between $420 million and $440 million. SANCTURA(R)
Franchise product net sales at approximately $70 million. BOTOX(R) product net
sales between $1,365 million and $1,395 million. Breast aesthetics product net
sales between $330 million and $350 million. Obesity intervention product net
sales between $315 million and $335 million. Facial aesthetics product net sales
between $235 million and $255 million. Cost of sales to product net sales ratio
between 17.0% and 17.5%. Other revenue between $50 million and $60 million.
Selling, General and Administrative to product net sales ratio between 41% and
42%. Research and Development to product net sales ratio at approximately 17%.
Amortization of acquired intangible assets at approximately $20 million. This
guidance excludes the amortization of acquiredintangible assets associated with
the Inamed, Corneal, EndoArt and Esprit acquisitions. Adjusted diluted earnings
per share guidance between $2.57 and $2.59. Diluted shares outstanding between
approximately 306 million and 308 million. Effective tax rate on adjusted
earnings at approximately 26%. For the third quarter of 2008, Allergan
estimates: Total product net sales between $1,090 million and $1,120 million.
Adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance between $0.64 and $0.65.


Allergan Reports Second Quarter 2008 Operating Results

Jul 30, 2008

IRVINE, Calif., Jul 30, 2008--Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN) today announced
operating results for the quarter ended June 30, 2008. Allergan also announced
that its Board of Directors has declared a second quarter dividend of $0.05 per
share, payable on September 5, 2008 to stockholders of record on August 15,
2008.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended June 30, 2008: -- Allergan reported
$0.48 diluted earnings per share from continuing operations compared to $0.45
diluted earnings per share reported for the second quarter of 2007. -- Allergans
adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.63 in the
second quarter of 2008, compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.54
in the second quarter of 2007, a 16.7% year-over-year increase. Product Sales
"Sales growth in the second quarter of over 20% demonstrates the strength in
diversity of our business model with particularly strong performance in
reimbursed pharmaceuticals and our businesses outside the United States," said
David E.I. Pyott, Allergans Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer.
"Furthermore, as discussed at our R&D technology review day in June, we have a
robust R&D pipeline that should fuel additional growth over the long-term."
Product and Pipeline Update During the second quarter of 2008: -- On June 16,
2008, Allergan announced that the FDA approved TRIVARIS(TM) (triamcinolone
acetonide injectable suspension) 80 mg/mL, a synthetic glucocorticoid
corticosteroid with anti-inflammatory action. Delivered via intravitreal
injection, the ophthalmic indications for TRIVARIS(TM) include sympathetic
ophthalmia, temporal arteritis, uveitis, and ocular inflammatory conditions
unresponsive to topical corticosteroids. -- As a result of Allergans development
and promotion arrangement with GlaxoSmithKline, GSK submitted a sNDA with the
Japanese regulatory authorities for BOTOX(R) to treat Juvenile Cerebral Palsy.
Achieving this milestone demonstrates excellent co-development progress with our
GSK partner. -- The Australian regulatory authorities expanded the approval for
BOTOX(R) to include the upper limb in patients with Juvenile Cerebral Palsy,
bringing BOTOX(R) treatment to the broader population of pediatric patients in
Australia suffering from this debilitating neuromuscular condition. BOTOX(R) had
been approved for the treatment of lower-limb spasticity in patients with
Cerebral Palsy in 1998. -- Allergan filed a New Drug Application with the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for bimatoprost, a synthetic prostaglandin
analog, as a treatment to promote eyelash growth. Allergans clinical trial
program demonstrated that its patented formulation of bimatoprost, when applied
directly to the base of the eyelashes, results in significant eyelash growth.
Following the end of the second quarter of 2008: -- On July 14, 2008, Allergan
announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Allergan Sales, LLC, completed the
acquisition of ACZONE(R) (dapsone) Gel 5%, a topical treatment for acne
vulgaris, from QLT USA, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of QLT Inc.
(NASDAQ:QLTI) (TSX:QLT), for approximately $150 million. -- On July 18, 2008,
Allergan announced that it has agreed to dismiss its legal action against Jan
Marini Skin Research, Inc. ("Jan Marini"), one of the defendants in Allergans
patent infringement lawsuit pending in the United States District Court for the
Central District of California. In addition, Allergan today announced that it
has agreed to dismiss its legal action against Intuit Beauty, a further
defendant in the patent infringement lawsuit. The dismissals are based on Jan
Marini and Intuit Beauty acknowledging the validity of Allergans relevant
patents covering the use of certain drug substances, such as prostaglandin
analogs, to promote eyelash enhancement and also agreeing to cease their
distribution of eyelash products containing these ingredients in the United
States and other countries worldwide where Allergan owns related patents.
Discontinued Operations On July 2, 2007, Allergan completed the sale of the
ophthalmic surgical business that Allergan obtained in connection with its
January 2007 acquisition of Groupe Corneal Laboratoires. Operating results of
the ophthalmic surgical business are presented as discontinued operations in the
financial tables of this press release. Common Stock Split On June 22, 2007,
Allergan completed a two-for-one stock split of its common stock. The stock
split was structured in the form of a 100% stock dividend and was paid to
stockholders of record on June 11, 2007. All share and per share data contained
in this press release have been adjusted to reflect the effect of the stock
split for all periods presented.


Validity Of Allergan Patents Acknowledged By Jan Marini In Settlement Of
Allergans Patent Infringement Suit Against Jan Marini Skin Research, Inc.

Jul 18, 2008

IRVINE, Calif., Jul 18, 2008 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) announced today that
it has agreed to dismiss its legal action against Jan Marini Skin Research, Inc.
("Jan Marini"), one of the defendants in Allergans patent infringement lawsuit
pending in the United States District Court for the Central District of
California. The dismissal is based on Jan Marini acknowledging the validity of
Allergans relevant patents covering the use of certain drug substances, such as
prostaglandin analogs, to promote eyelash enhancement and also agreeing to cease
its distribution of eyelash products containing these ingredients in the United
States and other countries worldwide where Allergan owns related patents.As
recently announced, Allergan has completed a clinical program with its patented
formulation of bimatoprost, a synthetic prostaglandin analog, and will pursue
United States Food and Drug Administration approval to market a product to
stimulate eyelash growth in the United States."We are pleased that Jan Marini
has acknowledged that Allergans U.S. and foreign eyelash growth patents are
valid and enforceable and has agreed to cease further distribution of its
eyelash growth products," said Douglas S. Ingram, Allergans Executive Vice
President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary.
"Allergan has a significant intellectual property estate covering this area.
Allergan has sued, or is evaluating suit against, a number of infringers for
refusing to respect our intellectual property rights. As evidenced by our
ongoing lawsuit against those companies and individuals who have chosen to
market unapproved eyelash products containing active pharmaceutical ingredients,
Allergan will not idly stand by while others infringe our intellectual property
rights."


Allergan Declares Quarterly Dividend

May 07, 2008

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) has declared a dividend of $0.05 per share, for the
first quarter of 2008. The dividend is payable on June 13, 2008 to stockholders
of record on May 23, 2008.


Allergan Declares Q1 2008 Results

May 07, 2008

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) has reported total revenues of $1.1 billion for the
first quarter of 2008, compared with the total revenues of $0.9 billion in the
year-ago quarter. It has also reported net earnings of $111.4 million, or $0.36
per diluted share, for the first quarter of 2008, compared with the net earnings
of $43.8 million, or $0.14 per diluted share, in the year-ago quarter.Operating
Results :For the quarter ended March 31, 2008: Allergan reported $0.36 diluted
earnings per share from continuing operations compared to $0.15 diluted earnings
per share reported for the first quarter of 2007. Allergan's adjusted diluted
earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.53 in the first quarter of
2008, compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.46 in the first
quarter of 2007, a 15.2% year-over-year increase. Product Sales For the quarter
ended March 31, 2008: Allergan's total product net sales were $1,061.0 million.
Total product net sales increased 23.0 percent, or 18.5 percent at constant
currency, compared to total product net sales in the first quarter of 2007.
Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales increased 23.0 percent, or 18.6
percent at constant currency, compared to total specialty pharmaceuticals net
sales in the first quarter of 2007. Total medical devices net sales increased
23.1 percent, or 18.0 percent at constant currency, compared to total medical
devices net sales in the first quarter of 2007. "Our results demonstrate the
strategic value of product diversity and global presence. The strength of our
reimbursed pharmaceutical businesses offset the marginal impact on our elective
product lines as the U.S. economy showed signs of softening and consumers
adjusted their spending," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's Chairman of the
Board and Chief Executive Officer. "In addition, both the reimbursed and
elective businesses enjoyed robust growth outside the United States with
BOTOX(R) growing at double the rate at constant currency internationally than in
the United States." Product and Pipeline Update During the first quarter of
2008: On January 24, 2008, Allergan and Clinique Laboratories, LLC announced a
strategic collaboration to develop a new skin care line, which will be sold
exclusively in physicians' offices, to address the need for specialized skin
care as the medical aesthetics market grows. The collaboration combines
Clinique's expertise in product development and formulation with Allergan's
leadership in the medical aesthetics market. On January 30, 2008, the Company
announced the phased closure of its breast implant manufacturing facility at
Arklow, Ireland and the transfer of production to Allergan's state-of-the-art
manufacturing plant in Costa Rica. The Arklow facility was acquired by the
Company in connection with its 2006 Inamed acquisition and employs approximately
360 people. Production at the facility is expected to be phased out by the
middle of 2009. The Company currently estimates that the total pre-tax
restructuring and other transition related costs associated with the closure of
the Arklow manufacturing facility will be between $65 million and $70 million,
based on current foreign currency exchange rates. The Company began to record
costs associated with the closure of the Arklow manufacturing facility in the
first quarter of 2008 and expects to continue to incur costs through the fourth
quarter of 2009. Discontinued Operations On July 2, 2007, Allergan completed the
sale of the ophthalmic surgical business that Allergan obtained in connection
with its January 2007 acquisition of Groupe Corneal Laboratoires. Operating
results of the ophthalmic surgical business are presented as discontinued
operations in the financial tables of this press release. Common Stock Split On
June 22, 2007, Allergan completed a two-for-one stock split of its common stock.
The stock split was structured in the form of a 100% stock dividend and was paid
to stockholders of record on June 11, 2007. All share and per share data
contained in this press release have been adjusted to reflect the effect of the
stock split for all periods presented. Outlook For the full year of 2008:
Allergan is increasing adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance to between
$2.55 and $2.59. All other guidance provided on January 30, 2008 remains
unchanged. For the second quarter of 2008, Allergan estimates: Total product net
sales between $1,130 million and $1,160 million. Adjusted diluted earnings per
share guidance between $0.62 and $0.63.


Allergan Reports First Quarter 2008 Operating Results

May 07, 2008

IRVINE, Calif., May 07, 2008 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN) today announced
operating results for the quarter ended March 31, 2008. Allergan also announced
that its Board of Directors has declared a first quarter dividend of $0.05 per
share, payable on June 13, 2008 to stockholders of record on May 23,
2008.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended March 31, 2008: -- Allergan reported
$0.36 diluted earnings per share from continuing operations compared to $0.15
diluted earnings per share reported for the first quarter of 2007. -- Allergans
adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.53 in the
first quarter of 2008, compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.46
in the first quarter of 2007, a 15.2% year-over-year increase. Product Sales For
the quarter ended March 31, 2008: -- Allergans total product net sales were
$1,061.0 million. Total product net sales increased 23.0 percent, or 18.5
percent at constant currency, compared to total product net sales in the first
quarter of 2007. "Our results demonstrate the strategic value of product
diversity and global presence. The strength of our reimbursed pharmaceutical
businesses offset the marginal impact on our elective product lines as the U.S.
economy showed signs of softening and consumers adjusted their spending," said
David E.I. Pyott, Allergans Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer.
"In addition, both the reimbursed and elective businesses enjoyed robust growth
outside the United States with BOTOX(R) growing at double the rate at constant
currency internationally than in the United States." Product and Pipeline Update
During the first quarter of 2008: -- On January 24, 2008, Allergan and Clinique
Laboratories, LLC announced a strategic collaboration to develop a new skin care
line, which will be sold exclusively in physicians offices, to address the need
for specialized skin care as the medical aesthetics market grows. The
collaboration combines Cliniques expertise in product development and
formulation with Allergans leadership in the medical aesthetics market. -- On
January 30, 2008, the Company announced the phased closure of its breast implant
manufacturing facility at Arklow, Ireland and the transfer of production to
Allergans state-of-the-art manufacturing plant in Costa Rica. The Arklow
facility was acquired by the Company in connection with its 2006 Inamed
acquisition and employs approximately 360 people. Production at the facility is
expected to be phased out by the middle of 2009. The Company currently estimates
that the total pre-tax restructuring and other transition related costs
associated with the closure of the Arklow manufacturing facility will be between
$65 million and $70 million, based on current foreign currency exchange rates.
The Company began to record costs associated with the closure of the Arklow
manufacturing facility in the first quarter of 2008 and expects to continue to
incur costs through the fourth quarter of 2009. Discontinued Operations On July
2, 2007, Allergan completed the sale of the ophthalmic surgical business that
Allergan obtained in connection with its January 2007 acquisition of Groupe
Corneal Laboratoires. Operating results of the ophthalmic surgical business are
presented as discontinued operations in the financial tables of this press
release. Common Stock Split On June 22, 2007, Allergan completed a two-for-one
stock split of its common stock. The stock split was structured in the form of a
100% stock dividend and was paid to stockholders of record on June 11, 2007. All
share and per share data contained in this press release have been adjusted to
reflect the effect of the stock split for all periods presented. Outlook For the
full year of 2008: -- Allergan is increasing adjusted diluted earnings per share
guidance to between $2.55 and $2.59. -- All other guidance provided on January
30, 2008 remains unchanged. For the second quarter of 2008, Allergan estimates:
-- Total product net sales between $1,130 million and $1,160 million. --
Adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance between $0.62 and $0.63. Historical
adjusted diluted earnings per share, adjusted diluted earnings per share
guidance and net sales reported in constant currency are presented as non-GAAP
financial measures. A reconciliation of those measures to the most directly
comparable GAAP financial measure is included in the financial tables of this
press release.


Allergan Declares Quarterly Dividend

Jan 30, 2008

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) has declared a dividend of $0.05 per share, for the
fourth quarter of 2007. The dividend is payable on March 7, 2008, to the
stockholders of record on February 15, 2008.


Allergan Declares Q4 2007 Results

Jan 30, 2008

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) has declared its fourth quarter 2007 results. It has
reported revenues of $1.1 billion for the fourth quarter of 2007, compared with
the revenues of $0.83 billion in the year-ago quarter. It has also reported net
earnings of $160 million, or $0.52 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of
2007, compared with the net earnings of $136.8 million, or $0.45 per diluted
share, in the year-ago quarter.Operating Results:For the quarter ended December
31, 2007: Allergan's adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing
operations were $0.60 in the fourth quarter of 2007, compared to adjusted
diluted earnings per share of $0.51 in the fourth quarter of 2006, a 17.6%
year-over-year increase. Product Sales For the quarter ended December 31, 2007:
Allergan's total product net sales were $1,075.1 million. Total product net
sales increased 31.7 percent, or 27.3 percent at constant currency, compared to
total product net sales in the fourth quarter of 2006. Total specialty
pharmaceuticals net sales increased 24.5 percent, or 20.3 percent at constant
currency, compared to total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the fourth
quarter of 2006.Total core medical devices net sales increased 70.1 percent, or
65.0 percent at constant currency, compared to total core medical devices net
sales in the fourth quarter of 2006. "We are pleased with our exceptional sales
growth and performance in the fourth quarter across a broad range of businesses,
products and geographic regions," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's Chairman of
the Board and Chief Executive Officer. "Furthermore, we are looking forward in
2008 to building on our strong momentum of creating and leading high growth
markets through further product and geographic diversification." Based on
internal information and assumptions, full year 2007 therapeutic sales accounted
for approximately 50% of total BOTOX(R) (botulinum toxin type A) sales and grew
at a rate of approximately 19% compared to 2006. Full year 2007 cosmetic sales
accounted for approximately 50% of total BOTOX(R) sales and grew at a rate of
approximately 29% compared to 2006. Product and Pipeline Update During the
fourth quarter of 2007: On October 17, 2007, Allergan announced that it
completed its acquisition of Esprit Pharma Holding Company, Inc (Esprit). The
Esprit acquisition supports Allergan's U.S. growth strategy and demonstrates its
focus on strengthening the company's core pharmaceutical businesses by creating
a dedicated urologics division to serve urologists and their patients. On
October 31, 2007, Allergan announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) approved COMBIGAN(TM) (brimonidine tartrate/timolol maleate ophthalmic
solution) 0.2%/0.5%, an alpha adrenergic receptor agonist with a beta adrenergic
receptor inhibitor, for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) in
patients with glaucoma or ocular hypertension who require adjunctive or
replacement therapy due to inadequately controlled IOP. On November 12, 2007,
Allergan announced that it entered into an agreement with a subsidiary of
Covidien Ltd., a leading global provider of healthcare products, under which
Covidien will co-promote Allergan's LAP-BAND(R) Adjustable Gastric Banding
System to bariatric and other surgeons in the United States.Following the end of
the fourth quarter of 2007: On January 24, 2008, Allergan and Clinique
Laboratories, LLC announced a strategic collaboration to develop a new skin care
line, which will be sold exclusively in physicians' offices, to address the need
for specialized skin care as the medical aesthetics market grows. The
collaboration combines Clinique's expertise in product development and
formulation with Allergan's leadership in the medical aesthetics market.
Allergan today announced the phased closure of its breast implant manufacturing
facility at Arklow, Ireland and the transfer of production to its
state-of-the-art manufacturing plant in Costa Rica. The Arklow facility was
acquired by Allergan in connection with its 2006 Inamed acquisition and employs
360 people. Production at the plant will be phased out between now and 2009.
Allergan currently expects to incur restructuring and other transition related
costs beginning in the first quarter of 2008 and continuing up through 2009 of
between $60 million and $65 million. Memantine Update Earlier this week,
Allergan unmasked the second Phase 3 clinical trial examining the safety and
efficacy of oral memantine as a treatment for glaucoma. Although the study
showed that the progression of disease was significantly lower in patients
receiving the higher dose of memantine compared to patients receiving the low
dose of memantine, there was no significant benefit compared to patients
receiving placebo. Therefore, the study failed to meet its primary endpoint and
to sufficiently replicate the results of the first Phase 3 trial. While
additional analyses are ongoing, the company does not believe that these
analyses will support an approval of the drug. Discontinued Operations On July
2, 2007, Allergan and Croma-Pharma completed the sale of the ophthalmic surgical
business that Allergan obtained in connection with its January 2007 acquisition
of Groupe Corneal Laboratoires. Operating results of the ophthalmic surgical
business are presented as discontinued operations in the financial tables of
this press release. Common Stock Split On June 22, 2007, Allergan completed a
two-for-one stock split of its common stock. The stock split was structured in
the form of a 100% stock dividend and was paid to stockholders of record on June
11, 2007. All share and per share data contained in this press release have been
adjusted to reflect the effect of the stock split for all periods presented.


Allergan Reports Fourth Quarter Operating Results

Jan 30, 2008

IRVINE, Calif- January 30, 2008 - Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN) today announced
operating results for the quarter ended December 31, 2007. Allergan also
announced that its Board of Directors has declared a fourth quarter dividend of
$0.05 per share, payable on March 7, 2008 to stockholders of record on February
15, 2008.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended December 31, 2007: -- Allergan
reported $0.52 diluted earnings per share from continuing operations compared to
$0.45 diluted earnings per share reported for the fourth quarter of 2006. --
Allergans adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were
$0.60 in the fourth quarter of 2007, compared to adjusted diluted earnings per
share of $0.51 in the fourth quarter of 2006, a 17.6% year-over-year increase.
Product Sales For the quarter ended December 31, 2007: -- Allergans total
product net sales were $1,075.1 million. Total product net sales increased 31.7
percent, or 27.3 percent at constant currency, compared to total product net
sales in the fourth quarter of 2006. -- Total specialty pharmaceuticals net
sales increased 24.5 percent, or 20.3 percent at constant currency, compared to
total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the fourth quarter of 2006. --
Total core medical devices net sales increased 70.1 percent, or 65.0 percent at
constant currency, compared to total core medical devices net sales in the
fourth quarter of 2006. "We are pleased with our exceptional sales growth and
performance in the fourth quarter across a broad range of businesses, products
and geographic regions," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergans Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer. "Furthermore, we are looking forward in 2008 to
building on our strong momentum of creating and leading high growth markets
through further product and geographic diversification." Based on internal
information and assumptions, full year 2007 therapeutic sales accounted for
approximately 50% of total BOTOX(R) (botulinum toxin type A) sales and grew at a
rate of approximately 19% compared to 2006. Full year 2007 cosmetic sales
accounted for approximately 50% of total BOTOX(R) sales and grew at a rate of
approximately 29% compared to 2006. Product and Pipeline Update During the
fourth quarter of 2007: -- On October 17, 2007, Allergan announced that it
completed its acquisition of Esprit Pharma Holding Company, Inc (Esprit). The
Esprit acquisition supports Allergans U.S. growth strategy and demonstrates its
focus on strengthening the companys core pharmaceutical businesses by creating a
dedicated urologics division to serve urologists and their patients. -- On
October 31, 2007, Allergan announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) approved COMBIGAN(TM) (brimonidine tartrate/timolol maleate ophthalmic
solution) 0.2%/0.5%, an alpha adrenergic receptor agonist with a beta adrenergic
receptor inhibitor, for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) in
patients with glaucoma or ocular hypertension who require adjunctive or
replacement therapy due to inadequately controlled IOP. -- On November 12, 2007,
Allergan announced that it entered into an agreement with a subsidiary of
Covidien Ltd., a leading global provider of healthcare products, under which
Covidien will co-promote Allergans LAP-BAND(R) Adjustable Gastric Banding System
to bariatric and other surgeons in the United States. Following the end of the
fourth quarter of 2007: -- On January 24, 2008, Allergan and Clinique
Laboratories, LLC announced a strategic collaboration to develop a new skin care
line, which will be sold exclusively in physicians offices, to address the need
for specialized skin care as the medical aesthetics market grows. The
collaboration combines Cliniques expertise in product development and
formulation with Allergans leadership in the medical aesthetics market. --
Allergan today announced the phased closure of its breast implant manufacturing
facility at Arklow, Ireland and the transfer of production to its
state-of-the-art manufacturing plant in Costa Rica. The Arklow facility was
acquired by Allergan in connection with its 2006 Inamed acquisition and employs
360 people. Production at the plant will be phased out between now and 2009.
Allergan currently expects to incur restructuring and other transition related
costs beginning in the first quarter of 2008 and continuing up through 2009 of
between $60 million and $65 million. Memantine Update Earlier this week,
Allergan unmasked the second Phase 3 clinical trial examining the safety and
efficacy of oral memantine as a treatment for glaucoma. Although the study
showed that the progression of disease was significantly lower in patients
receiving the higher dose of memantine compared to patients receiving the low
dose of memantine, there was no significant benefit compared to patients
receiving placebo. Therefore, the study failed to meet its primary endpoint and
to sufficiently replicate the results of the first Phase 3 trial. While
additional analyses are ongoing, the company does not believe that these
analyses will support an approval of the drug.


Allergan Appoints Board Member

Dec 06, 2007

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) has appointed Dawn Hudson to its board of directors,
effective January 28, 2008. Hudson will initially serve as a member of the audit
and finance committee and the organization and compensation committee. Hudson is
the former president and chief executive officer of Pepsi-Cola North America in
the United States and Canada.In addition, Ms. Hudson served as Chief Executive
Officer of the PepsiCo Foodservice Division, which integrated the relevant units
of PCNA and Frito-Lay North America with the Quaker, Tropicana and Gatorade
brands to create a greater competitive advantage in the foodservice and vending
channels.Ms. Hudson joined PepsiCo in 1996 and served in various strategic
marketing roles leading to her nomination as President of PCNA in June 2002 and
Chief Executive Officer of both PCNA and PepsiCo Foodservice in March 2005,
where she delivered ongoing growth through increased focus on core brands,
product innovation and market expansion initiatives. Prior to joining PepsiCo,
Ms. Hudson was Managing Director at D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles, a leading
advertising agency based in New York. "Allergan is delighted that Ms. Hudson has
chosen to join our Board of Directors. Ms. Hudson's expertise and insights as a
pioneer in brand development and consumer behavior will further strengthen
Allergan's leadership skills in consumer marketing," said David E.I. Pyott,
Allergan's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. "Building on
Allergan's success record in developing and expanding markets, I am confident
Ms. Hudson will add significant value in evaluating innovative practices and
channels to help drive greater consumer awareness and appeal for Allergan's core
products." Previously, Ms. Hudson served as Vice Chair of the American Beverage
Association. She currently sits on the Board of Directors of Lowe's Home
Improvement Stores and is Chairman of the Board of the Ladies Professional Golf
Association.


Allergan Reports Third Quarter Operating Results

Nov 06, 2007

IRVINE, Calif., November 06, 2007 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) today announced
operating results for the quarter ended September 28, 2007. Allergan also
announced that its Board of Directors has declared a third quarter dividend of
$0.05 per share, payable on November 30, 2007 to stockholders of record on
November 9, 2007.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended September 28, 2007:
Allergan reported $0.50 diluted earnings per share from continuing operations
compared to $0.35 diluted earnings per share reported for the third quarter of
2006. Allergans adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations
were $0.58 in the third quarter of 2007, compared to adjusted diluted earnings
per share of $0.47 in the third quarter of 2006, a 23.4% year-over-year
increase. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the third quarters of 2007 and
2006 exclude the non-GAAP adjustments to diluted earnings per share that are
contained in the financial tables of this press release. Product Sales For the
quarter ended September 28, 2007: Allergans total product net sales were $978.7
million. Total product net sales increased 23.6 percent, or 20.9 percent at
constant currency, compared to total product net sales in the third quarter of
2006. Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales increased 16.1 percent, or 13.4
percent at constant currency, compared to total specialty pharmaceuticals net
sales in the third quarter of 2006. Total core medical devices net sales
increased 66.0 percent, or 62.7 percent at constant currency, compared to total
core medical devices net sales in the third quarter of 2006. "Allergan operates
in a wide range of exceptionally high growth global medical device and
specialist biopharmaceutical markets where we play a market leadership role with
many innovative products. These dynamics have led to another quarter of superb
sales and earnings growth," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergans Chairman of the
Board and Chief Executive Officer. "Furthermore, beyond these current
opportunities, recently supplemented by the FDA approval of COMBIGAN(TM), our
vigorous investment into R&D as well as our entry into urologics should fuel
additional growth over the long-term." Product and Pipeline Update During the
third quarter of 2007: In July 2007, Apotex filed a Petition for Writ of
Certiorari in the United States Supreme Court regarding the affirmation by the
United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit of the district courts
ruling in favor of Allergan and Roche Palo Alto, LLC, formerly known as Syntex
(U.S.A.) LLC, in a patent infringement lawsuit against Apotex, Inc., Apotex
Corp., and Novex Pharma (the "Defendants"). The district courts ruling prevents
the Defendants, together with all persons and entities acting in concert with
the Defendants, from obtaining U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval
to market a generic version of Allergans product ACULAR(R) (ketorolac
tromethamine ophthalmic solution) 0.5% and enjoins the Defendants from
manufacturing or selling their product before U.S. Patent No. 5,110,493 expires
in 2009. On October 1, 2007, the Supreme Court of the United States denied
Apotexs Petition for Writ of Certiorari. In August 2007, in connection with our
settlement of certain European litigation with Merz, we granted Merz a global,
royalty-bearing license for patents and patent applications relating to a
neurotoxic component of botulinum toxin of any serotype for all therapeutic and
aesthetic uses, except for any genitourinary, gastrointestinal and prostate
diseases, hyperhidrosis and headache. We believe the value of our botulinum
toxin patent estate is demonstrated by the Merz license, as well as the license
previously granted to Elan Corporation, which was subsequently sold by Elan to
Solstice Neurosciences. On September 19, 2007, Allergan announced that Allergan
and Esprit Pharma Holding Company, Inc. entered into an agreement pursuant to
which Allergan would acquire privately held Esprit Pharma, Inc. (Esprit) for
approximately $370 million in an all-cash transaction. On October 17, 2007,
Allergan announced that it completed the Esprit acquisition and will commence
the integration of Esprit into Allergan. The Esprit acquisition supports
Allergans U.S. growth strategy and demonstrates Allergans focus on strengthening
its core pharmaceutical businesses by creating a dedicated urologics division to
serve urologists and their patients. Allergan and Stiefel Laboratories, Inc.
entered into a strategic collaboration to develop and market new products
involving Tazarotene for dermatological use worldwide, and to co-promote
TAZORAC(R) in the United States, further strengthening and expanding Allergans
reach into the dermatology market. Following the end of the third quarter of
2007: On October 31, 2007, Allergan announced that the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration approved COMBIGAN(TM) (brimonidine tartrate/timolol maleate
ophthalmic solution) 0.2%/0.5%, an alpha adrenergic receptor agonist with a beta
adrenergic receptor inhibitor, for the reduction of elevated intraocular
pressure (IOP) in patients with glaucoma or ocular hypertension who require
adjunctive or replacement therapy due to inadequately controlled IOP.
Discontinued Operations On July 2, 2007, Allergan and Croma-Pharma completed the
sale of the ophthalmic surgical business that Allergan obtained in connection
with its January 2007 acquisition of Groupe Corneal Laboratoires. The first and
second quarters of 2007 have been retrospectively revised for the discontinued
operations associated with this sale and are contained in the financial tables
of this press release. Outlook For the full year of 2007: Allergan is increasing
guidance as follows: Total product net sales to between $3,775 million and
$3,820 million. Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales to between $3,045
million and $3,055 million. Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales exclude
sales of products acquired in connection with the Inamed, Corneal and EndoArt
acquisitions. ALPHAGAN(R) Franchise product net sales to between $320 million
and $330 million. BOTOX(R) product net sales to between $1,185 million and
$1,195 million. Obesity intervention product net sales to between $260 million
and $275 million. Facial aesthetics product net sales to between $185 million
and $195 million. Selling, General and Administrative ratio to product net sales
guidance to between 41% and 42%. Allergan is tightening the expected guidance
range as follows: LUMIGAN(R) Franchise product net sales to between $380 million
and $390 million. RESTASIS(R) product net sales to between $330 million and $340
million. Breast aesthetics product net sales to between $285 million and $295
million. Allergan estimates full year adjusted diluted earnings per share from
continuing operations of between $2.14 and $2.15, which assumes approximately
$0.04 of dilution per share resulting from the Esprit acquisition. Adjusted
diluted earnings per share guidance excludes the non-GAAP adjustments to diluted
earnings per share guidance that are contained in the financial tables of this
press release. All other guidance provided on August 1, 2007 remains unchanged.
For the fourth quarter of 2007, Allergan estimates: Total product net sales
between $975 million and $1,020 million. Adjusted diluted earnings per share
from continuing operations guidance of between $0.56 and $0.57, which assumes
approximately $0.04 of dilution per share resulting from the Esprit acquisition.
Adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance excludes the non-GAAP adjustments
to diluted earnings per share guidance that are contained in the financial
tables of this press release. All references in this press release to average
number of shares outstanding and per share amounts have been retrospectively
revis


Allergan Declares Quarterly Dividend

Nov 06, 2007

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) board has declared a dividend of $0.05 per share, for
the third quarter of 2007. The dividend is payable on November 30, 2007, to the
stockholders of record on November 9, 2007.


Allergan Declares Q3 2007 Results

Nov 06, 2007

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) has declared its third quarter 2007 results. It
reported adjusted revenues of $993.7 million for the third quarter of 2007,
compared with the adjusted revenues of $806.8 million in the year ago quarter.
It reported adjusted net earnings of $179.9 million, or $0.58 per diluted share,
for the third quarter of 2007, compared with the adjusted net earnings of $144.8
million, or $0.47 per diluted share, in the year ago quarter.Product SalesFor
the quarter ended September 28, 2007: -- Allergan's total product net sales were
$978.7 million. Total product net sales increased 23.6 percent, or 20.9 percent
at constant currency, compared to total product net sales in the third quarter
of 2006. -- Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales increased 16.1 percent, or
13.4 percent at constant currency, compared to total specialty pharmaceuticals
net sales in the third quarter of 2006. -- Total core medical devices net sales
increased 66.0 percent, or 62.7 percent at constant currency, compared to total
core medical devices net sales in the third quarter of 2006. "Allergan operates
in a wide range of exceptionally high growth global medical device and
specialist biopharmaceutical markets where we play a market leadership role with
many innovative products. These dynamics have led to another quarter of superb
sales and earnings growth," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's Chairman of the
Board and Chief Executive Officer. "Furthermore, beyond these current
opportunities, recently supplemented by the FDA approval of COMBIGAN(TM), our
vigorous investment into R&D as well as our entry into urologics should fuel
additional growth over the long-term." Product and Pipeline Update During the
third quarter of 2007: -- In July 2007, Apotex filed a Petition for Writ of
Certiorari in the United States Supreme Court regarding the affirmation by the
United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit of the district court's
ruling in favor of Allergan and Roche Palo Alto, LLC, formerly known as Syntex
(U.S.A.) LLC, in a patent infringement lawsuit against Apotex, Inc., Apotex
Corp., and Novex Pharma (the "Defendants"). The district court's ruling prevents
the Defendants, together with all persons and entities acting in concert with
the Defendants, from obtaining U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval
to market a generic version of Allergan's product ACULAR(R) (ketorolac
tromethamine ophthalmic solution) 0.5% and enjoins the Defendants from
manufacturing or selling their product before U.S. Patent No. 5,110,493 expires
in 2009. On October 1, 2007, the Supreme Court of the United States denied
Apotex's Petition for Writ of Certiorari. -- In August 2007, in connection with
our settlement of certain European litigation with Merz, we granted Merz a
global, royalty-bearing license for patents and patent applications relating to
a neurotoxic component of botulinum toxin of any serotype for all therapeutic
and aesthetic uses, except for any genitourinary, gastrointestinal and prostate
diseases, hyperhidrosis and headache. We believe the value of our botulinum
toxin patent estate is demonstrated by the Merz license, as well as the license
previously granted to Elan Corporation, which was subsequently sold by Elan to
Solstice Neurosciences. -- On September 19, 2007, Allergan announced that
Allergan and Esprit Pharma Holding Company, Inc. entered into an agreement
pursuant to which Allergan would acquire privately held Esprit Pharma, Inc.
(Esprit) for approximately $370 million in an all-cash transaction. On October
17, 2007, Allergan announced that it completed the Esprit acquisition and will
commence the integration of Esprit into Allergan. The Esprit acquisition
supports Allergan's U.S. growth strategy and demonstrates Allergan's focus on
strengthening its core pharmaceutical businesses by creating a dedicated
urologics division to serve urologists and their patients. -- Allergan and
Stiefel Laboratories, Inc. entered into a strategic collaboration to develop and
market new products involving Tazarotene for dermatological use worldwide, and
to co-promote TAZORAC(R) in the United States, further strengthening and
expanding Allergan's reach into the dermatology market. Following the end of the
third quarter of 2007: -- On October 31, 2007, Allergan announced that the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration approved COMBIGAN(TM) (brimonidine tartrate/timolol
maleate ophthalmic solution) 0.2%/0.5%, an alpha adrenergic receptor agonist
with a beta adrenergic receptor inhibitor, for the reduction of elevated
intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with glaucoma or ocular hypertension who
require adjunctive or replacement therapy due to inadequately controlled IOP.


Allergan Reports Second Quarter Operating Results

Aug 01, 2007

August 1, 2007 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) today announced operating results
for the quarter ended June 29, 2007. Allergan also announced that its Board of
Directors has declared a second quarter dividend of $0.05 per share, payable on
September 7, 2007 to stockholders of record on August 17, 2007.Operating
ResultsFor the quarter ended June 29, 2007: Allergan reported $0.45 diluted
earnings per share compared to $0.24 diluted earnings per share reported for the
second quarter of 2006. Allergans adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.54
in the second quarter of 2007, compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share
of $0.43 in the second quarter of 2006. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for
the second quarters of 2007 and 2006 exclude the non-GAAP adjustments to diluted
earnings per share that are contained in the financial tables of this press
release. Product Sales For the quarter ended June 29, 2007: Allergans total
product net sales were $972.8 million. Total product net sales increased 23.6
percent, or 21.2 percent at constant currency, compared to total product net
sales in the second quarter of 2006. Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales
increased 16.2 percent, or 13.9 percent at constant currency, compared to total
specialty pharmaceuticals net sales in the second quarter of 2006. Total core
medical devices net sales increased 53.6 percent, or 50.8 percent at constant
currency, compared to total core medical devices net sales in the second quarter
of 2006. "Our significant investments in direct to consumer advertising and
sales force, in the rapidly expanding medical aesthetics and obesity invention
markets, are driving strong sales growth and operating results," said David E.I.
Pyott, Allergans Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer.
"Furthermore, we are very pleased with continuing strength in our ophthalmic and
neurosciences businesses." Product and Pipeline Update During the second quarter
of 2007: On April 12, 2007, Allergan announced that the United States Court of
Appeals for the Federal Circuit affirmed a favorable ruling for Allergan and
Roche Palo Alto, LLC, formerly known as Syntex (U.S.A.) LLC, in a patent
infringement lawsuit against Apotex, Inc., Apotex Corp., and Novex Pharma (the
"Defendants") preventing the Defendants, together with all persons and entities
acting in concert with the Defendants, from obtaining U.S. Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) approval to market a generic version of Allergans product
ACULAR(R) (ketorolac tromethamine ophthalmic solution) 0.5% and enjoining the
Defendants from manufacturing or selling their product before U.S. Patent No.
5,110,493 expires in 2009. On June 26, 2007, Allergan announced approval by the
FDA of label extensions for JUVEDERM(TM) Ultra and JUVEDERM(TM) Ultra Plus based
on new clinical data demonstrating that the effects of both products may last
for up to one year, which is longer than reported in clinical studies that
supported FDA approval of other hyaluronic acid dermal fillers. Other Company
Events On June 22, 2007, Allergan completed a two-for-one stock split of
Allergans common stock. The stock split was structured in the form of a 100%
stock dividend and was paid to stockholders of record on June 11, 2007. Outlook
For the full year of 2007: Allergan is increasing guidance as follows: Total
product net sales to between $3,660 million and $3,760 million. Total specialty
pharmaceuticals net sales to between $2,990 million and $3,020 million. Total
specialty pharmaceuticals net sales exclude sales of products acquired in
connection with the Inamed, Corneal and EndoArt acquisitions. LUMIGAN(R)
Franchise product net sales to between $370 million and $390 million. BOTOX(R)
product net sales to between $1,150 million and $1,180 million. Breast
aesthetics product net sales to between $275 million and $295 million. Obesity
intervention product net sales to between $235 million and $255 million. Facial
aesthetics product net sales to between $160 million and $190 million. Adjusted
diluted earnings per share guidance to between $2.16 and $2.18. Adjusted diluted
earnings per share guidance excludes the non-GAAP adjustments to diluted
earnings per share guidance that are contained in the financial tables of this
press release. Allergan estimates an effective tax rate on adjusted earnings
between approximately 26% and 27%. Allergan estimates diluted shares outstanding
between approximately 308 million and 310 million. Although Research and
Development ratio to product net sales of approximately 17% remains unchanged,
estimated total Research and Development spending will increase by approximately
$20 million. All other guidance provided on May 2, 2007 remains unchanged. For
the third quarter of 2007, Allergan estimates: Total product net sales between
$940 million and $960 million. Adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance
between $0.56 and $0.57. Adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance excludes
the non-GAAP adjustments to diluted earnings per share guidance that are
contained in the financial tables of this press release. All references in this
news release to average number of shares outstanding and per share amounts have
been retrospectively revised to reflect the two-for-one stock split effected in
the form of a stock dividend payable on June 22, 2007 to stockholders of record
on June 11, 2007.


Allergan Declares Quarterly Dividend

Aug 01, 2007

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) board has declared a second quarter dividend of $0.05
per share. The dividend is payable on September 7, 2007 to stockholders of
record on August 17, 2007.


Allergan Reports Q2 2007 Results

Aug 01, 2007

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) has declared its second quarter 2007 results. It
reported a adjusted revenues of $988.1 million for the second quarter of 2007,
compared with the adjusted revenues of $801.7 million in the year ago quarter.
It reported a adjusted net earnings of $166.0 million, or $0.54 per diluted
share for the second quarter of 2007, compared with the adjusted net earnings of
$131.3 million, or $0.43 per diluted share in the year ago quarter.Operating
Results-- Allergan reported $0.45 diluted earnings per share compared to $0.24
diluted earnings per share reported for the second quarter of 2006.Product Sales
For the quarter ended June 29, 2007: -- Allergan's total product net sales were
$972.8 million. Total product net sales increased 23.6 percent, or 21.2 percent
at constant currency, compared to total product net sales in the second quarter
of 2006. -- Total specialty pharmaceuticals net sales increased 16.2percent, or
13.9 percent at constant currency, compared tototal specialty pharmaceuticals
net sales in the secondquarter of 2006. -- Total core medical devices net sales
increased 53.6percent, or 50.8 percent at constant currency, compared tototal
core medical devices net sales in the second quarterof 2006. Our significant
investments in direct to consumer advertising and sales force, in the rapidly
expanding medical aesthetics and obesity invention markets, are driving strong
sales growth and operating results," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's Chairman
of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. "Furthermore, we are very pleased with
continuing strength in our ophthalmic and neurosciences businesses. Product and
Pipeline Update During the second quarter of 2007: -- On April 12, 2007,
Allergan announced that the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal
Circuit affirmed a favorable ruling for Allergan and Roche Palo Alto, LLC,
formerly known as Syntex (U.S.A.) LLC, in a patent infringement lawsuit against
Apotex, Inc., Apotex Corp., and Novex Pharma (the "Defendants") preventing the
Defendants, together with all persons and entities acting in concert with the
Defendants, from obtaining U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to
market a generic version of Allergan's product ACULAR(R) (ketorolac tromethamine
ophthalmic solution) 0.5% and enjoining the Defendants from manufacturing or
selling their product before U.S. Patent No. 5,110,493 expires in 2009. -- On
June 26, 2007, Allergan announced approval by the FDA of label extensions for
JUVEDERM(TM) Ultra and JUVEDERM(TM) Ultra Plus based on new clinical data
demonstrating that the effects of both products may last for up to one year,
which is longer than reported in clinical studies that supported FDA approval of
other hyaluronic acid dermal fillers.


Allergan Reports Q1 2007 Results

May 02, 2007

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) has declared its first quarter 2007 results. It
reported a adjusted revenues of $886.5 million for the first quarter of 2007,
compared with the adjusted revenues of $625.7 million in the year ago quarter.
It reported a adjusted net earnings of $140.8 million, or $0.92 per diluted
share for the first quarter of 2007, compared with the adjusted net earnings of
$114.6 million, or $0.82 per diluted share in the year ago quarter..Operating
ResultsFor the quarter ended March 30, 2007: -- Allergan reported $0.28 diluted
earnings per share compared to a $3.29 diluted loss per share reported for the
first quarter of 2006. Product Sales For the quarter ended March 30, 2007: --
Allergan's total product net sales were $872.4 million, which includes $165.2
million of product net sales acquired in connection with the Inamed acquisition.
Total product net sales increased 41.8 percent, or 40.0 percent at constant
currency, compared to total product net sales in the first quarter of 2006. --
Pharmaceutical net sales (which exclude product sales acquired in connection
with the Inamed, Corneal and EndoArt acquisitions) increased 13.4 percent, or
11.6 percent at constant currency, compared to pharmaceutical net sales in the
first quarter of 2006. "I am extremely pleased with our robust across-the-board
performance in the first quarter, driven by both continued strong organic growth
of our pharmaceutical businesses and our growing momentum in medical
aesthetics," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer. "Furthermore, we are making excellent progress in building
out our position as the largest medical aesthetics company in the world as we
continue to expand our depth and breadth in the dermatology and plastic surgery
channels." Product and Pipeline Update During the first quarter of 2007: -- On
January 2, 2007, Allergan completed the acquisition of Groupe Corneal
Laboratoires, obtaining exclusive rights to market and manufacture JUVEDERM(TM).
-- On February 22, 2007, Allergan completed the acquisition of EndoArt SA with
its EASYBAND(TM) device, a leader in the field of telemetrically controlled (or
remote-controlled) implants used in the treatment of morbid obesity and other
conditions. Following the end of the first quarter of 2007: -- On April 12,
2007, Allergan announced that the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal
Circuit affirmed a favorable ruling for Allergan and Roche Palo Alto, LLC,
formerly known as Syntex (U.S.A.) LLC, in a patent infringement lawsuit against
Apotex, Inc., Apotex Corp., and Novex Pharma (the "Defendants") preventing the
Defendants, together with all persons and entities acting in concert with the
Defendants, from obtaining U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval to market
a generic version of Allergan's product ACULAR(R) (ketorolac tromethamine
ophthalmic solution) 0.5% and enjoining the Defendants from manufacturing or
selling ACULAR(R) before U.S. Patent No. 5,110,493 expires in 2009.


Allergan Reports First Quarter Operating Results

May 02, 2007

IRVINE, Calif., May 02, 2007 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) today announced
operating results for the quarter ended March 30, 2007. Allergan also announced
that its Board of Directors has declared a first quarter dividend of $0.10 per
share, payable on June 8, 2007 to stockholders of record on May 18, 2007, and a
2-for-1 stock split, to be effected in the form of a one hundred percent (100%)
stock dividend, payable on June 22, 2007 to stockholders of record on June 11,
2007.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended March 30, 2007: Allergan reported
$0.28 diluted earnings per share compared to a $3.29 diluted loss per share
reported for the first quarter of 2006. Allergans adjusted diluted earnings per
share were $0.92 in the first quarter of 2007, compared to adjusted diluted
earnings per share of $0.82 in the first quarter of 2006. Adjusted diluted
earnings per share for the first quarters of 2007 and 2006 exclude non-GAAP
adjustments to diluted earnings per share, which are contained in the financial
tables of this press release. Product Sales For the quarter ended March 30,
2007: Allergans total product net sales were $872.4 million, which includes
$165.2 million of product net sales acquired in connection with the Inamed
acquisition. Total product net sales increased 41.8 percent, or 40.0 percent at
constant currency, compared to total product net sales in the first quarter of
2006. Pharmaceutical net sales (which exclude product sales acquired in
connection with the Inamed, Corneal and EndoArt acquisitions) increased 13.4
percent, or 11.6 percent at constant currency, compared to pharmaceutical net
sales in the first quarter of 2006. "I am extremely pleased with our robust
across-the-board performance in the first quarter, driven by both continued
strong organic growth of our pharmaceutical businesses and our growing momentum
in medical aesthetics," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergans Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer. "Furthermore, we are making excellent progress in
building out our position as the largest medical aesthetics company in the world
as we continue to expand our depth and breadth in the dermatology and plastic
surgery channels." Product and Pipeline Update During the first quarter of 2007:
On January 2, 2007, Allergan completed the acquisition of Groupe Corneal
Laboratoires, obtaining exclusive rights to market and manufacture JUVEDERM(TM).
On February 22, 2007, Allergan completed the acquisition of EndoArt SA with its
EASYBAND(TM) device, a leader in the field of telemetrically controlled (or
remote-controlled) implants used in the treatment of morbid obesity and other
conditions. Following the end of the first quarter of 2007: On April 12, 2007,
Allergan announced that the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal
Circuit affirmed a favorable ruling for Allergan and Roche Palo Alto, LLC,
formerly known as Syntex (U.S.A.) LLC, in a patent infringement lawsuit against
Apotex, Inc., Apotex Corp., and Novex Pharma (the "Defendants") preventing the
Defendants, together with all persons and entities acting in concert with the
Defendants, from obtaining U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval to market
a generic version of Allergans product ACULAR(R) (ketorolac tromethamine
ophthalmic solution) 0.5% and enjoining the Defendants from manufacturing or
selling ACULAR(R) before U.S. Patent No. 5,110,493 expires in 2009. Other
Company Events - Stock Split Allergan today announced that its Board of
Directors has approved a 2-for-1 stock split of Allergans common stock, to be
effected in the form of a one hundred percent (100%) stock dividend.
Stockholders of record at the close of business on June 11, 2007 will receive
one additional share of Allergan common stock for each share held on that date.
The new shares will be distributed on June 22, 2007. The stock dividend will
represent a tax-free distribution to stockholders and will not change the
proportionate interest a stockholder maintains in Allergan. Upon distribution of
the stock dividend, Allergans outstanding common stock will increase from
approximately 152.2 million shares to approximately 304.4 million shares.
Outlook For the full year of 2007: Allergan is increasing guidance as follows:
Total product net sales to between $3,505 million and $3,665 million. BOTOX(R)
product net sales to between $1,125 million and $1,160 million. Breast aesthetic
product net sales to between $250 million and $290 million. Obesity intervention
product net sales to between $220 million and $240 million. Facial aesthetic
product net sales to between $120 million and $150 million. Research and
Development ratio to product net sales to approximately 17%. This guidance
excludes any potential in-process research and development associated with the
EndoArt acquisition. Adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance to between
$4.28 and $4.32. Adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance excludes both the
non-GAAP adjustments to diluted earnings per share guidance that are contained
in the financial tables of this press release and the impact of the approved
2-for-1 stock split. Allergan is tightening the expected range of pharmaceutical
product net sales to between $2,915 million and $2,985 million. Pharmaceutical
sales exclude sales of products acquired in connection with the Inamed, Corneal
and EndoArt acquisitions. All other guidance provided on January 31, 2007
remains unchanged. For the second quarter of 2007, Allergan estimates: Total
product net sales between $910 million and $930 million. Adjusted diluted
earnings per share guidance between $0.99 and $1.01. Adjusted diluted earnings
per share guidance excludes both the non-GAAP adjustments to diluted earnings
per share guidance that are contained in the financial tables of this press
release and the impact of the approved 2-for-1 stock split.


Allergan Declares Quarterly Dividend

May 02, 2007

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) board has declared a first quarter dividend of $0.10
per share. The dividend will be payable on June 8, 2007 to the stockholders of
record on May 18, 2007.


U.S. Federal Circuit Court Affirms Judgment For Allergan, Inc. And Roche Palo
Alto, Llc Against Apotex, Inc., Apotex Corp., And Novex Pharma In Ketorolac
Patent Infringement Lawsuit

Apr 12, 2007

IRVINE, Calif., April 12, 2007-- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) announced today that
the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit has affirmed a
favorable ruling for Allergan and Roche Palo Alto, LLC, formerly known as Syntex
(U.S.A.) LLC, in a patent infringement lawsuit against Apotex, Inc., Apotex
Corp., and Novex Pharma (the "Defendants") preventing the Defendants from
obtaining U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval to market a generic version
of Allergans product ACULAR(R) (ketorolac tromethamine ophthalmic solution) 0.5%
and enjoining the Defendants from manufacturing or selling the same.In 2006, the
Defendants appealed a ruling by the United States District Court for the
Northern District of California that the Defendants proposed generic product
infringed a valid and enforceable patent owned by Roche Palo Alto, LLC and
licensed to Allergan. The District Courts ruling provided that the effective
date of any approval of the Defendants Abbreviated New Drug Application may not
occur before U.S. Patent No. 5,110,493 expires in 2009 and that the Defendants,
together with all persons and entities acting in concert with the Defendants,
are enjoined from making any preparations that make, use, sell, or offer for
sale ketorolac tromethamine ophthalmic solution 0.5% in the United States. The
Federal Circuit affirmed the District Courts ruling in all regards."This ruling
is a triumph for the value of intellectual property rights and their
protection," said Douglas S. Ingram, Allergans Executive Vice President, Chief
Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary. "It is only through
continuing innovation that new and improved medicines are made available to
health care providers and their patients. The development of, and equally
importantly the respect for, intellectual property are essential for
life-enhancing innovation. As we have repeatedly stated, Allergan will fiercely
defend its intellectual property rights against those who would trade on the
hard work and creativity of our scientists and R&D professionals." ACULAR(R) is
indicated for the temporary relief of ocular itching due to seasonal allergic
conjunctivitis and the treatment of post-operative inflammation in patients who
have undergone cataract surgery. The most frequently reported adverse event is
transient burning and stinging upon instillation. Full prescribing information
for ACULAR(R) is available at www.allergan.com.


Allergan Reports Fourth Quarter Operating Results

Jan 31, 2007

IRVINE, Calif., January 31, 2007 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) today announced
operating results for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2006. Allergan also
announced that its Board of Directors has declared a fourth quarter dividend of
$0.10 per share, payable on March 9, 2007 to stockholders of record on February
16, 2007.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended December 31, 2006: -- Allergan
reported $0.89 diluted earnings per share compared to the $1.03 diluted earnings
per share reported for the fourth quarter of 2005. The reported $1.03 diluted
earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2005 included a $0.13 per share
benefit related to the resolution of certain tax disputes. In accordance with
GAAP, Allergan began implementing Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 123 (revised 2004), Shared-Based Payment (FAS 123R) in the first quarter of
2006. The reported $0.89 diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter of
2006 includes a $0.07 per share expense related to the effect of expensing stock
options in accordance with FAS 123R. -- The pre-tax costs related to expensing
stock options included in Allergans statement of operations for the fourth
quarter of 2006 are allocated as follows: $0.9 million to cost of sales, $11.9
million to selling, general and administrative expense and $3.3 million to
research and development expense. Allergans results of operations for the fourth
quarter of 2005 do not include any costs related to expensing stock options. --
Allergans adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.02 in the fourth quarter
of 2006, compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.00 in the fourth
quarter of 2005. Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.00 in the fourth
quarter of 2005 included a $0.09 per share benefit related to the resolution of
certain tax disputes. Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.02 in the fourth
quarter of 2006 includes a $0.07 per share expense related to the effect of
expensing stock options in accordance with FAS 123R. Adjusted diluted earnings
per share for the fourth quarter of 2006 exclude non-GAAP adjustments to diluted
earnings per share which are contained in the financial tables of this press
release. Product Sales For the quarter ended December 31, 2006: -- Allergans
total product net sales were $816.2 million, which includes $127.0 million of
product net sales acquired in connection with the Inamed acquisition. Total
product net sales increased 37.2 percent, or 35.5 percent at constant currency,
compared to total product net sales in the fourth quarter of 2005. --
Pharmaceutical net sales (which excludes product sales acquired in connection
with the Inamed acquisition) increased 15.9 percent, or 14.1 percent at constant
currency, compared to pharmaceutical net sales in the fourth quarter of 2005.
Pharmaceutical net sales increased 18.1 percent, or 16.4 percent at constant
currency, compared to pharmaceutical net sales in the fourth quarter of 2005
adjusted to exclude BOTOX(R) sales in Japan as a result of Allergans development
and promotion arrangement with GlaxoSmithKline (GSK). A reconciliation of the
adjustments made from pharmaceutical product net sales reported in accordance
with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) to adjusted
pharmaceutical product net sales is contained in the financial tables of this
press release. "We are pleased with our strong sales growth and performance in
2006 across a broad range of businesses, products and geographic regions," said
David E.I. Pyott, Allergans Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer.
"Furthermore, we are looking forward in 2007 to building on our strong position
as the global leader in the high growth medical aesthetics market and also on
our momentum as the fastest growing global ophthalmic pharmaceutical company."
Achieving a major milestone, 2006 sales of BOTOX(R) (botulinum toxin type A)
crossed the billion-dollar mark on the strength of growth in sales for both
therapeutic and cosmetic use, including GSKs sales in Japan and China as a
result of Allergans development and promotion arrangement with GSK. For full
year 2006, therapeutic sales accounted for approximately 52% of total BOTOX(R)
sales and cosmetic sales accounted for approximately 48% of total BOTOX(R)
sales. The BOTOX(R) therapeutic and cosmetic growth rate calculations are
contained in the financial table of this press release. Product and Pipeline
Update During the fourth quarter of 2006: -- On October 5, 2006, Allergan
announced completion of the integration of Inameds commercial and research and
development operations, uniting the companies facial aesthetics, breast
aesthetics and obesity intervention product portfolios under the Allergan name
and within a newly established corporate division, Allergan Medical. -- On
October 20, 2006, Allergan announced that Health Canada granted a medical device
license with conditions to sell and market INAMED(R) Silicone-Filled Breast
Implants, including the INAMED(R) Round, Smooth and Textured Silicone-Filled
Breast Implants and INAMED(R) Style 410 Shaped and Textured Silicone-Filled
Breast Implants, for use in breast augmentation, reconstruction and revision
surgery. -- GSK launched BOTOX(R) in China for blepharospasm and hemifacial
spasm, for the first time, bringing BOTOX(R) treatment to the many patients in
China suffering from these debilitating neuromuscular conditions. -- On November
17, 2006, Allergan announced that the United States Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) approved Allergans INAMED(R) Silicone-Filled Breast Implants for use in
breast augmentation, reconstruction and revision surgery. -- On December 21,
2006, Allergan announced that the FDA issued an approvable letter for
COMBIGAN(TM) (brimonidine tartrate/timolol maleate ophthalmic solution)
0.2%/0.5% for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients
with glaucoma or ocular hypertension who require adjunctive or replacement
therapy due to inadequately controlled IOP. Following the end of the fourth
quarter of 2006: -- On January 2, 2007, Allergan completed the acquisition of
Groupe Corneal Laboratoires, obtaining exclusive rights to market and
manufacture JUVEDERM(TM). -- On January 17, 2007, Allergan announced nationwide
availability of its next-generation hyaluronic acid dermal filler family of
products, JUVEDERM(TM) ULTRA and JUVEDERM(TM) ULTRA PLUS. Memantine Update
Following the fourth quarter, Allergan completed the initial analysis of the
data from the first of two phase III clinical trials of memantine for the
preservation of visual function in patients with glaucoma. The use of memantine
as a neuroprotective agent would be the first drug approved to prevent the loss
of visual function, and potentially lead to a paradigm shift in the treatment of
this important disease. To date, glaucoma treatment has focused on medications
or surgery to lower intraocular pressure. Two measures of visual function were
selected in the statistical analysis plan to assess the efficacy of memantine in
glaucoma. The functional measure chosen as the primary endpoint did not show a
benefit of memantine in preserving visual function. In a number of analyses
using the secondary functional measure, memantine demonstrated a statistically
significant benefit of the high dose compared to placebo. While Allergan is
encouraged that a functional benefit of memantine was demonstrated in this
secondary analysis, there are a number of challenges that remain. First,
Allergan needs to complete the full assessment of the data from this complex
clinical trial that contains four years of data on approximately one thousand
glaucoma patients. Once completed, Allergan will review the data with the FDA
and other regulatory agencies. Importantly, the safety and efficacy of memantine
must be confirmed in the second phase III trial. Until


Allergan Reports Q4 2006 Results

Jan 31, 2007

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) has declared its fourth quarter 2006 results. It
reported a adjusted revenues of $829.1 million for the fourth quarter of 2006,
compared with the adjusted revenues of $598.8 million in the year ago quarter.
It reported a adjusted net earnings of $156.5 million, or $1.02 per diluted
share for the fourth quarter of 2006, compared with the adjusted net earnings of
$136.1 million, or $1.00 per diluted share in the year ago quarter.Operating
ResultsFor the quarter ended December 31, 2006: -- Allergan reported $0.89
diluted earnings per share compared to the $1.03 diluted earnings per share
reported for the fourth quarter of 2005. The reported $1.03 diluted earnings per
share for the fourth quarter of 2005 included a $0.13 per share benefit related
to the resolution of certain tax disputes. In accordance with GAAP, Allergan
began implementing Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised
2004), Shared-Based Payment (FAS 123R) in the first quarter of 2006. The
reported $0.89 diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2006
includes a $0.07 per share expense related to the effect of expensing stock
options in accordance with FAS 123R. -- The pre-tax costs related to expensing
stock options included in Allergan's statement of operations for the fourth
quarter of 2006 are allocated as follows: $0.9 million to cost of sales, $11.9
million to selling, general and administrative expense and $3.3 million to
research and development expense. Allergan's results of operations for the
fourth quarter of 2005 do not include any costs related to expensing stock
options. -- Allergan's adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.02 in the
fourth quarter of 2006, compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.00
in the fourth quarter of 2005. Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.00 in
the fourth quarter of 2005 included a $0.09 per share benefit related to the
resolution of certain tax disputes. Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.02
in the fourth quarter of 2006 includes a $0.07 per share expense related to the
effect of expensing stock options in accordance with FAS 123R. Adjusted diluted
earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2006 exclude non-GAAP adjustments
to diluted earnings per share which are contained in the financial tables of
this press release. Product Sales For the quarter ended December 31, 2006: --
Allergan's total product net sales were $816.2 million, which includes $127.0
million of product net sales acquired in connection with the Inamed acquisition.
Total product net sales increased 37.2 percent, or 35.5 percent at constant
currency, compared to total product net sales in the fourth quarter of 2005. --
Pharmaceutical net sales (which excludes product sales acquired in connection
with the Inamed acquisition) increased 15.9 percent, or 14.1 percent at constant
currency, compared to pharmaceutical net sales in the fourth quarter of 2005.
Pharmaceutical net sales increased 18.1 percent, or 16.4 percent at constant
currency, compared to pharmaceutical net sales in the fourth quarter of 2005
adjusted to exclude BOTOX(R) sales in Japan as a result of Allergan's
development and promotion arrangement with GlaxoSmithKline (GSK). A
reconciliation of the adjustments made from pharmaceutical product net sales
reported in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles (GAAP) to adjusted pharmaceutical product net sales is contained in
the financial tables of this press release. "We are pleased with our strong
sales growth and performance in 2006 across a broad range of businesses,
products and geographic regions," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's Chairman of
the Board and Chief Executive Officer. "Furthermore, we are looking forward in
2007 to building on our strong position as the global leader in the high growth
medical aesthetics market and also on our momentum as the fastest growing global
ophthalmic pharmaceutical company." Achieving a major milestone, 2006 sales of
BOTOX(R) (botulinum toxin type A) crossed the billion-dollar mark on the
strength of growth in sales for both therapeutic and cosmetic use, including
GSK's sales in Japan and China as a result of Allergan's development and
promotion arrangement with GSK. For full year 2006, therapeutic sales accounted
for approximately 52% of total BOTOX(R) sales and cosmetic sales accounted for
approximately 48% of total BOTOX(R) sales. The BOTOX(R) therapeutic and cosmetic
growth rate calculations are contained in the financial table of this press
release. Product and Pipeline Update During the fourth quarter of 2006: -- On
October 5, 2006, Allergan announced completion of the integration of Inamed's
commercial and research and development operations, uniting the companies'
facial aesthetics, breast aesthetics and obesity intervention product portfolios
under the Allergan name and within a newly established corporate division,
Allergan Medical. -- On October 20, 2006, Allergan announced that Health Canada
granted a medical device license with conditions to sell and market INAMED(R)
Silicone-Filled Breast Implants, including the INAMED(R) Round, Smooth and
Textured Silicone-Filled Breast Implants and INAMED(R) Style 410 Shaped and
Textured Silicone-Filled Breast Implants, for use in breast augmentation,
reconstruction and revision surgery. -- GSK launched BOTOX(R) in China for
blepharospasm and hemifacial spasm, for the first time, bringing BOTOX(R)
treatment to the many patients in China suffering from these debilitating
neuromuscular conditions. -- On November 17, 2006, Allergan announced that the
United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Allergan's INAMED(R)
Silicone-Filled Breast Implants for use in breast augmentation, reconstruction
and revision surgery. -- On December 21, 2006, Allergan announced that the FDA
issued an approvable letter for COMBIGAN(TM) (brimonidine tartrate/timolol
maleate ophthalmic solution) 0.2%/0.5% for the reduction of elevated intraocular
pressure (IOP) in patients with glaucoma or ocular hypertension who require
adjunctive or replacement therapy due to inadequately controlled IOP. Following
the end of the fourth quarter of 2006: -- On January 2, 2007, Allergan completed
the acquisition of Groupe Corneal Laboratoires, obtaining exclusive rights to
market and manufacture JUVEDERM(TM). -- On January 17, 2007, Allergan announced
nationwide availability of its 'next-generation' hyaluronic acid dermal filler
family of products, JUVEDERM(TM) ULTRA and JUVEDERM(TM) ULTRA PLUS.


Allergan Declares Quarterly Dividend

Jan 31, 2007

Allergan, Inc. (Allergan) board has declared a fourth quarter dividend of $0.10
per share. The dividend will be payable on March 9, 2007 to the stockholders of
record on February 16, 2007.


Allergan Reports Third Quarter Operating Results

Nov 01, 2006

November 1, 2006 - Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) today announced operating results
for the third quarter ended September 29, 2006. Allergan also announced that its
Board of Directors has declared a third quarter dividend of $0.10 per share,
payable on December 7, 2006 to stockholders of record on November 10,
2006.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended September 29, 2006: -- Allergans
total product net sales were $791.7 million, which includes $116.3 million of
product net sales acquired in connection with the Inamed acquisition. Total
product net sales increased 30.6 percent, or 29.5 percent at constant currency,
compared to total product net sales in the third quarter of 2005. --
Pharmaceutical net sales (excluding product sales acquired in connection with
the Inamed acquisition) increased 11.5 percent, or 10.4 percent at constant
currency, compared to pharmaceutical net sales in the third quarter of 2005.
Pharmaceutical net sales increased 13.4 percent, or 12.2 percent at constant
currency, compared to pharmaceutical net sales in the third quarter of 2005
adjusted to exclude BOTOX(R) sales in Japan as a result of Allergans development
and promotion arrangement with GlaxoSmithKline (GSK). A reconciliation of the
adjustments made from pharmaceutical product net sales reported in accordance
with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) to adjusted
pharmaceutical product net sales is contained in the financial tables of this
press release. -- Allergan reported $0.70 diluted earnings per share compared to
the $1.12 diluted earnings per share reported for the third quarter of 2005. In
accordance with GAAP, Allergan began implementing Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Shared-Based Payment (FAS 123R) in
the first quarter of 2006. The reported $0.70 diluted earnings per share
includes a $0.05 per share expense related to the effect of expensing stock
options in accordance with FAS 123R and also includes the following: -- purchase
accounting adjustments related to inventory associated with the Inamed
acquisition -- merger-related integration and transition costs and income taxes
related to the transfer of an intercompany equity interest associated with the
Inamed acquisition -- amortization of acquired intangible assets associated with
the Inamed acquisition -- the incurrence of restructuring charges, primarily
related to the Inamed acquisition and the streamlining of Allergans research and
development and select commercial activities throughout Europe -- the incurrence
of transition and duplicate operating expenses related to the streamlining
activities throughout Europe mentioned above -- a contribution to The Allergan
Foundation reported in selling, general and administrative expense -- the
reversal of interest expense related to resolution of uncertain tax positions --
an unfavorable income tax adjustment for a previously filed income tax return
currently under examination -- a decrease in the amount of income taxes
previously estimated for the 2005 repatriation of foreign earnings that had been
permanently re-invested outside the United States -- the reversal of the
valuation allowance against a deferred tax asset that Allergan has determined is
now realizable. As a result of this determination, Allergan has filed a refund
claim for a prior year with the United States Internal Revenue Service (IRS)and
-- the effect of an unrealized gain on the mark-to-market adjustment to foreign
currency derivative instruments. The items above included in diluted earnings
per share total $38.4 million, which consist of $81.5 million pre-tax, less
$43.1 million related to the provision for income taxes. -- The pre-tax costs
related to expensing stock options included in Allergans statement of operations
for the three months ended September 29, 2006 are allocated as follows: $0.7
million to cost of sales, $7.8 million to selling, general and administrative
expense and $2.6 million to research and development expense. Allergans results
of operations for the comparable three months ended September 30, 2005 do not
include any costs related to expensing stock options. -- As discussed in
Allergans second quarter 2006 earnings release, amortization of acquired
intangible assets is now reported on a separate line in Allergans statement of
operations. This line consists of both the amortization related to intangible
assets associated with the Inamed acquisition, as well as the amortization of
other intangible assets previously reported in cost of sales, selling, general
and administrative expense, and research and development expense. To assist in
year-over-year comparisons, Allergan has provided the historical detail of the
previously reported amortization of acquired intangible assets in the financial
tables of this press release. As a result of this change to the statement of
operations, Allergan will no longer report product gross profit. -- Allergans
adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.95, representing a 14.5 percent
increase compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.83 reported for
the third quarter of 2005. Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.95 include
a $0.05 per share expense related to the effect of expensing stock options in
accordance with FAS 123R. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the third
quarter of 2006 exclude the items outlined above and a reconciliation of the
adjustments made from earnings per share reported in accordance with GAAP to
adjusted diluted earnings per share is contained in the financial tables of this
press release. "Strong organic double digit sales growth continues on a broad
basis in our ophthalmology and BOTOX(R) businesses," said David E.I. Pyott,
Allergans Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. "Furthermore, we
are pleased with the progress and completion of a substantial part of the
integration of Inamed which is now part of our newly established Allergan
Medical division. The Inamed products have even greater potential than we had
originally estimated." Product and Pipeline Update During the third quarter of
2006: -- On September 26, 2006, Allergan announced the launch of its
next-generation hyaluronic acid dermal filler products, JUVEDERM(TM) ULTRA and
JUVEDERM(TM) ULTRA PLUS, through an experience trial involving a group of
physicians with expertise in facial aesthetics, in advance of nationwide product
availability expected in January 2007. -- In September, Allergan began shipping
OPTIVE(TM) lubricant eye drops in the United States. OPTIVE(TM) is a
technologically-advanced artificial tear featuring a dual-action formula that
lubricates and hydrates dry eyes. -- GSK submitted its first Japan New Drug
Application for a BOTOX(R) indication. Achieving this milestone demonstrates
excellent co-development progress with our GSK partner. Following the end of the
third quarter of 2006: -- On October 5, 2006, Allergan announced completion of
the integration of Inameds commercial and research and development operations,
uniting the companies facial aesthetics, breast aesthetics and obesity
intervention product portfolios under the Allergan name and within a newly
established corporate division, Allergan Medical. -- On October 20, 2006,
Allergan announced that Health Canada granted a medical device license with
conditions to sell and market INAMED(R) Silicone-Filled Breast Implants,
including the INAMED(R) Round, Smooth and Textured Silicone-Filled Breast
Implants and INAMED(R) Style 410 Shaped and Textured Silicone-Filled Breast
Implants, for use in breast augmentation, reconstruction and revision surgery.
-- GSK launched BOTOX(R) in China for blepharospasm and hemifacial spasm, for
the first time, bringing BOTOX(R) treatment to the many patients in this country
suffering from these debilitating neuromuscular condition


Allergan Reports Second Quarter Operating Results; Total Product Net Sales
Increased 33 Percent For The Second Quarter; Board Of Directors Declares Second
Quarter Dividend

Aug 02, 2006

IRVINE, Calif., Aug 02, 2006-- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) today announced
operating results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2006. Allergan also
announced that its Board of Directors has declared a second quarter dividend of
$0.10 per share, payable on September 12, 2006 to stockholders of record on
August 18, 2006.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended June 30, 2006: --
Allergans total product net sales were $787.0 million, which includes $128.3
million of product net sales acquired in connection with the Inamed acquisition.
Total product net sales increased 33.2 percent, or 32.7 percent at constant
currency, compared to total product net sales in the second quarter of 2005. --
Pharmaceutical sales (excluding the product sales acquired in connection with
the Inamed acquisition) increased 16.0 percent, or 15.5 percent at constant
currency, compared topharmaceutical sales in the second quarter of 2005.
Pharmaceutical sales increased 17.9 percent, or 17.4 percent at constant
currency, compared to pharmaceutical sales in the second quarter of 2005
adjusted to exclude BOTOX(R) sales in Japan as a result of Allergans development
and promotion arrangement with GlaxoSmithKline (GSK). A reconciliation of the
adjustments made from pharmaceutical product net sales reported in accordance
with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) to adjusted
pharmaceutical product net sales is contained in the financial tables of this
press release. -- Allergans reported diluted earnings per share were $0.49,
representing a 96 percent increase compared to reported diluted earnings per
share of $0.25 for the second quarter of 2005. In accordance with GAAP, Allergan
began implementing Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised
2004), Shared-Based Payment (FAS 123R) in the first quarter of 2006. The
reported $0.49 diluted earnings per share includes a $0.05 per share expense
related to the effect of expensing stock options in accordance with FAS 123R and
also includes the following: -- purchase accounting adjustments related to
inventory and acquired in-process research and development associated with the
Inamed acquisition -- merger-related integration and transition costs associated
with the Inamed acquisition -- amortization of acquired intangible assets
associated with the Inamed acquisition -- the incurrence of restructuring
charges, primarily related to the streamlining of Allergans research and
development and select commercial activities throughout Europe and certain one
time termination benefits related to the Inamed acquisition -- the incurrence of
transition and duplicate operating expenses related to the streamlining
activities throughout Europe mentioned above -- the incurrence of accrued costs
for a previously disclosed contingency involving non-income taxes in Brazil
related to a longstanding administrative matter for the payment of certain sales
taxes for years prior to 2000, which Allergan management determined it is
probable that theCompany could sustain a liability for unpaid taxes, including
interest and penaltiesand -- the effect of an unrealized loss on the
mark-to-market adjustment to foreign currency derivative instruments. The items
above included in diluted earnings per share total $57.1 million, which consist
of $77.5 million pre-tax, less $20.4 million related to the provision for income
taxes. -- The pre-tax costs related to expensing stock options included in our
statement of operations for the three months ended June 30, 2006 are allocated
as follows: $0.7 million to cost of sales, $7.8 million to selling, general and
administrative expenses and $2.8 million to research and development expenses.
Allergans results of operations for the comparable three months ended June 24,
2005 do not include any costs related to expensing stock options. --
Amortization of acquired intangible assets is now reported on a separate line in
our statement of operations. This line consists of both the amortization related
to intangible assets associated with the Inamed acquisition, as well as the
amortization of other intangible assets previously reported in cost of sales,
selling, general and administrative expenses, and research and development
expenses. To assist in year-over-year comparisons, Allergan has provided the
historical detail of the previously reported amortization of acquired intangible
assets in the financial tables of this press release. As a result of this change
to the statement of operations, Allergan will no longer report product gross
profit. -- Allergans adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.86,
representing a 10.3 percent increase compared to adjusted diluted earnings per
share of $0.78 reported for the second quarter of 2005. Adjusted diluted
earnings per share of $0.86 includes a $0.05 per share expense related to the
effect of expensing stock options in accordance with FAS 123R. Adjusted diluted
earnings per share for the second quarter of 2006 excludes the items outlined
above and a reconciliation of the adjustments made from earnings per share
reported in accordance with GAAP to adjusted diluted earnings per share is
contained in the financial tables of this press release. "We are very pleased
with our continued strong sales and earnings growth in the second quarter across
a broad range of our key products," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergans Chairman of
the Board and Chief Executive Officer. "Furthermore, we are making excellent
progress in preparing for the launch of GANFORT(R) in Europe and JUVEDERM(TM) in
the United States." Product and Pipeline Update During the second quarter of
2006: -- On May 25, 2006, Allergan announced that it received the license from
the European Commission to market GANFORT(R) in the European Union. GANFORT(R)
is Allergans LUMIGAN(R)/timolol combination product (bimatoprost/timolol
ophthalmic solution) for the treatment of glaucoma, and is indicated for the
reduction of intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or
ocular hypertension who are insufficiently responsive to topical beta-blockers
or prostaglandin analogues. A fixed combination of bimatoprost 0.03% and timolol
maleate 0.5%, GANFORT(R) offers powerful IOP-lowering efficacy comparable to the
free combination of these two agents, and greater efficacy than either agent
used alone. -- On June 5, 2006, Allergan announced that the United States
District Court for the Northern District of California ruled in favor of
Allergan, Inc. and Syntex (USA) LLC in a patent infringement lawsuit against
Apotex, Inc., Apotex Corp., and Novex Pharma (the "Defendants"). In 2004,
Allergan and Syntex won a patent infringement trial against the Defendants, who
had filed an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) to market a generic version
of Allergans non-steroidalanti-inflammatory drug, ACULAR(R) (ketorolac
tromethamine ophthalmic solution) 0.5%. After remand from the United States
Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, and after a rehearing of the matter,
the court issued its opinion on June 2, 2006, finding that the Defendants ANDA
infringes U.S. Patent No. 5,110,493 - owned by Syntex and licensed by Allergan -
and that the patent is valid and enforceable. -- On June 5, 2006, Allergan
announced approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of the
JUVEDERM(TM) dermal filler gel family of products, a next generation of
hyaluronic acid dermal fillers that provide a smooth, long-lasting correction of
facial wrinkles and folds.-- On June 23, 2006, Allergan announced approval by
the FDA of the once-daily prescription eye drop LUMIGAN(R) (bimatoprost
ophthalmic solution) 0.03% as a first-line treatment for elevated intraocular
pressure associated with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Outlook For
the full year of 2006: -- Allergan is increasing: -- Total product


Allergan Wins Acular(R) Patent Infringement Lawsuit Against Apotex, Inc., Apotex
Corp., And Novex Pharma

Jun 05, 2006

IRVINE, Calif., Jun 05, 2006-- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN) announced today that
the United States District Court for the Northern District of California has
ruled in favor of Allergan, Inc. and Syntex (USA) LLC in a patent infringement
lawsuit against Apotex, Inc., Apotex Corp., and Novex Pharma (the
"Defendants").In 2004, Allergan and Syntex won a patent infringement trial
against the Defendants, who had filed an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA)
to market a copy of Allergans non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, ACULAR(R)
(ketorolac tromethamine ophthalmic solution) 0.5%. After remand from the Court
of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, and after a rehearing of the matter, the
Court issued its opinion on June 2, 2006, finding that the Defendants ANDA
infringes U.S. Patent No. 5,110,493 -- owned by Syntex and licensed by Allergan
-- and that the patent is valid and enforceable.Accordingly, the Court ruled on
June 2, 2006, that the effective date of any approval of the Defendants ANDA may
not occur before the patent expires in 2009 and that the Defendants, and all
persons and entities acting in concert with them, are enjoined from making any
preparations to make, use, sell, or offer for sale ketorolac tromethamine
ophthalmic solution 0.5% in the United States. "We are pleased with the Courts
decision, after trial and separate rehearing, that the Defendants attempted copy
of our product infringed Syntexs and Allergans valid and enforceable
intellectual property rights," said Douglas S. Ingram, Allergans Executive Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary. "Respect for the hard work and
ingenuity that goes into the development of intellectual property is critical to
the kind of drug innovation that will enable companies such as Allergan to
discover and develop better medicines that benefit patients." ACULAR(R) is
indicated for the temporary relief of ocular itching due to seasonal allergic
conjunctivitis and the treatment of post-operative inflammation in patients who
have undergone cataract surgery. The most frequently reported adverse event is
transient burning and stinging upon instillation. Full prescribing information
for ACULAR(R) is available at www.allergan.com.


Allergan Reports First Quarter Operating Results; Pharmaceutical Sales Increased
22 Percent For The First Quarter; Board Of Directors Declares First Quarter
Dividend

May 03, 2006

IRVINE, Calif., May 03, 2006 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) today announced
operating results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2006. Allergan also
announced that its Board of Directors has declared a first quarter dividend of
$0.10 per share, payable on June 13, 2006 to stockholders of record on May 19,
2006.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended March 31, 2006: -- Allergans net
sales were $615.2 million, excluding sales of products acquired in the Inamed
acquisition, which was completed on March 23, 2006. -- Pharmaceutical sales
increased 22.0 percent, or 23.0 percent at constant currency, compared to
pharmaceutical sales in the first quarter of 2005. Pharmaceutical sales
increased 24.0 percent, or 24.9 percent at constant currency, compared to
pharmaceutical sales in the first quarter of 2005 adjusted to exclude BOTOX(R)
sales in Japan as a result of Allergans development and promotion arrangement
with GlaxoSmithKline (GSK). A reconciliation of the adjustments made from
revenuereported in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles (GAAP) to adjusted revenue is contained in the financial tables of
this press release. -- Allergan reported $3.29 diluted loss per share compared
to the $0.60 diluted earnings per share reported for the first quarter of 2005.
In accordance with GAAP, Allergan began implementing Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Shared-Based Payment (FAS 123R) in
thefirst quarter of 2006. The reported $3.29 diluted loss per share includes a
$0.05 per share expense related to the effect of expensing stock options in
accordance with FAS 123R and also includes the following: -- purchase accounting
adjustments related to acquired in-process research and development associated
with the Inamed acquisition, which were higher than the guidance provided on
March 27, 2006 (see details contained in the financial tables of this press
release) -- merger-related integration and transition costs associated with the
Inamed acquisition -- the incurrence of net restructuring charges, primarily
related to the streamlining of Allergans research and development and select
commercial activities throughout Europe and the reversal of restructuring
charges related to the re-organization of Allergans operations in Japan as a
result of Allergans development and promotionarrangements with GSK relating to
BOTOX(R) -- the incurrence of transition and duplicate operating expenses
related to the streamlining activities throughout Europe mentioned above -- the
resolution of uncertain income tax positions due to completion of the Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) examination for tax years 2000 through 2002 -- the
favorable recovery of previously paid state income taxes -- the reversal of
estimated interest income and expense related to previously paid state income
taxes and tax settlementsand -- the effect of an unrealized loss on the
mark-to-market adjustment to foreign currency derivative instruments. The items
above included in diluted earnings per share total $559.4 million, which
consists of $580.4 million pre-tax, less $21.0 million related to the provision
for income taxes. -- The pre-tax costs related to expensing stock options
included in our statement of operations for the three months ended March 31,
2006 are allocated $0.7 million to cost of sales, $7.0 million to selling,
general and administrative expenses and $2.4 million to research and development
expenses. Allergans results of operations for the comparable three months ended
March 25, 2005 do not include any costs related to expensing stock options. --
Allergans adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.82, representing a 7.9
percent increase compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.76
reported for the first quarter of 2005. Adjusted diluted earnings per share of
$0.82 includes a $0.05 per share expense related to the effect of expensing
stock options in accordance with FAS 123R. Adjusteddiluted earnings per share
for the first quarter of 2006 exclude the items outlined above and a
reconciliation of the adjustments made from earnings per share reported in
accordance with GAAP to adjusted diluted earnings per share is contained in the
financial tables of this press release. "I am extremely pleased with the very
strong sales growth across a broad range of products, regions and businesses in
the first quarter, driven by our strong investments in sales and marketing
programs as well as R&D," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergans Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer. "Furthermore, we are making excellent progress in
integrating Inameds operations and are successfully establishing ourselves as
the leading specialist company in medical aesthetics, providing a wide range of
innovative products to plastic surgeons and dermatologists." Inamed Acquisition
On March 23, 2006, Allergan announced that it completed its acquisition of
Inamed Corporation. The acquisition of Inamed expands Allergans global position
as a premier specialty pharmaceutical and medical device company in high-growth
markets and creates a world-leading medical aesthetics franchise, providing a
broad, complementary portfolio of pharmaceutical and medical device products and
offerings to physicians and patients. As previously discussed, the first quarter
net sales reported by Allergan exclude sales of products acquired in the Inamed
acquisition. Total Inamed net sales were $99.4 million for the first quarter of
2006. Actions to reduce in-channel inventory affected ex-factory sales. Based
upon second quarter run rates, we are confirming the Inamed sales guidance
provided on March 27, 2006. Product and Pipeline Update During the first quarter
of 2006: -- On March 9, 2006, Allergan announced that Allergan and Alcon, Inc.
(NYSE:ACL) settled the patent infringement lawsuit pending in the United States
District Court for the District of Delaware contending that Alcons proposed
brimonidine 0.15% product infringed two brimonidine-related patents owned by
Allergan. Pursuant to the settlement, Alcon agreed to license both patents at
issue in the lawsuit for use in the United States most likely beginning on
September 30, 2009. -- On March 24, 2006, Allergan announced that the Committee
for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) recommended that the European
Commission approve GANFORT(R), Allergans LUMIGAN(R)/timolol combination product
(bimatoprost/timolol ophthalmic solution) for the treatment of glaucoma. The
CHMPopinion serves as the basis for a European Commission approval, which is
expected to be finalized in the second quarter of 2006. GANFORT(R) is indicated
for the reduction of intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle
glaucoma or ocular hypertension who are insufficiently responsive to topical
beta-blockers or prostaglandin analogues. On February 2, 2006, Allergan
announced that F. Michael Ball assumed the position of President, Allergan
effective February 1, 2006. Additionally, Allergan announced the appointment of
Raymond Diradoorian to Executive Vice President, Global Technical Operations.
With the appointment of Mr. Ball to President, David E.I. Pyott maintained his
positions as Allergans Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer.
Following the end of the first quarter, Allergan completed the concurrent
private placements of $750 million aggregate principal amount of 1.50%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2026, and $800 million aggregate principal amount
of 5.75% Senior Notes due 2016. Allergan also announced that it will redeem the
entire outstanding principal amount of its Zero Coupon Senior Convertible Notes
due 2022 on May 15, 2006. Outlook For the full year of 2006: -- Allergan is
increasing total sales guidance to between $2,825million and $2,965 million. --
Allergan is increasing the expected


Allergan And Alcon Reach Agreement On Brimonidine 0.15% Patent Litigation

Mar 09, 2006

IRVINE, Calif., March 09, 2006 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) announced today that
Allergan and Alcon, Inc. (NYSE:ACL) have settled Allergans patent infringement
lawsuit in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware
contending that Alcons proposed brimonidine 0.15% product infringes two
brimonidine-related patents owned by Allergan.Pursuant to the settlement:1.
Alcon has agreed to a license beginning on September 30, 2009, in the United
States under both patents at issue in the Delaware lawsuit 2. Alcon will not
sell, offer for sale or distribute itsbrimonidine 0.15% product until September
30, 2009, or earlier if certain market conditions occur, the primary condition
being a trigger based generally on the extent to which prescriptions of
ALPHAGAN(R) P 0.15% have been converted to other brimonidine-containing products
(including ALPHAGAN(R) P 0.1% and COMBIGAN(TM)) marketed by Allergan. 3. Upon
market entry of Alcons 0.15% brimonidine product, Alcon will pay Allergan
royalties on the sale of its product in the United States. "We are pleased with
this settlement and the delayed-entry license taken by Alcon, which respects our
intellectual property portfolio," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergans Chairman of
the Board and Chief Executive Officer. "This delayed-entry license, which we are
confident will not commence until September 30, 2009, is in line with Allergans
long-term strategy for our overall brimonidine franchise." Additionally,
Allergan has dismissed a separate patent infringement lawsuit filed by Allergan
against Alcon in the United States District Court for the District of California
related to self-preserved ophthalmic antibiotics. Allergans ALPHAGAN(R)
franchise has been a leading therapy for reducing intraocular pressure (IOP) in
patients safely and effectively for more than five years. ALPHAGAN(R),
ALPHAGAN(R) P 0.1% and ALPHAGAN(R) P 0.15% are indicated for lowering IOP in
patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.N(R) P 0.15% are
indicated for lowering IOP in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular
hypertension.


Allergan Announces Increase In Q4 And Full Year 2005 Earnings Per Share
Following Agreement With U.S. Internal Revenue Service

Mar 03, 2006

IRVINE, Calif., March 03, 2006 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) today announced that
on March 1, 2006, after the publication of Allergans fourth quarter and full
year earnings release but before the filing of Allergans 2005 Form 10-K,
Allergan and the United States Internal Revenue Service entered into an
agreement resolving certain tax disputes and permitting Allergan to release a
valuation allowance taken in the fourth quarter of 2005 and certain tax
contingencies established in prior periods. As a result of the settlement with
the Internal Revenue Service and the reversal of these allowances and
contingencies, the Companys fourth quarter and full year 2005 GAAP diluted
earnings per share ("EPS") reported in the yet-to-be-filed 2005 Form 10-K will
increase 13 cents from $0.90 and $2.88 as was reported in the Companys February
2, 2006 earnings release to $1.03 and $3.01, respectively.In the fourth quarter
of 2005, Allergan determined that it was required to record a valuation
allowance against a deferred tax asset associated with the 2001 acquisition of
Allergan Specialty Therapeutics, Inc. ("ASTI"). After the close of the fourth
quarter of 2005, but prior to the filing of Allergans 2005 Form 10-K, Allergan
held a settlement conference with the Internal Revenue Service and negotiated a
settlement with respect to the issue underlying the requirement to record the
deferred tax asset valuation allowance. As a result of the settlement, Allergan
determined that it is no longer required to record a valuation allowance against
the deferred tax asset, which has the effect of increasing the Companys reported
GAAP diluted EPS by 9 cents. Likewise, because the Companys current written
policy for determining adjusted EPS does not contemplate an intra-quarter tax
adjustment such as this, the reversal of the allowance has the effect of
increasing adjusted diluted EPS by 9 cents as well. Due to this settlement,
adjusted diluted EPS in 2005 grew by 23% in comparison to 2004.Had the Company
not obtained this settlement, and thus maintained the established valuation
allowance, 2005 adjusted diluted EPS would have been $3.29, a 20% increase over
2004 adjusted diluted EPSlikewise, the Companys projected 2006 EPS guidance of
$3.76 to $3.82, which excludes a $0.20 negative impact related to the expensing
of stock options in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment, represents a 14%-16% increase over
the pre-settlement EPS number for 2005. In addition, as part of the settlement
noted above, the Company will be releasing $5.9 million of accrued reserves for
income tax contingencies related to certain other related issues associated with
the acquisition of ASTI. The diluted EPS impact of 4 cents for this adjustment
will be reflected in the Companys GAAP earnings reported in the 2005 Form 10-K,
but will not have an impact on the Companys adjusted diluted EPS.PS.


Allergan Reports Fourth Quarter Operating Results

Feb 02, 2006

IRVINE, Calif., February 02, 2006 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN): Pharmaceutical
Sales Increased 11.3 Percent for the Fourth Quarter Board of Directors Declares
Fourth Quarter Dividend Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) today announced operating
results for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2005. Allergan also announced
that its Board of Directors has declared a fourth quarter dividend of $0.10 per
share, payable on March 14, 2006 to stockholders of record on February 17,
2006.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended December 31, 2005: Allergans net
sales were $594.9 million. Pharmaceutical sales increased 11.3 percent, or 11.7
percent at constant currency, compared to pharmaceutical sales in the fourth
quarter of 2004. Allergan reported $0.90 diluted earnings per share compared to
the $0.85 diluted earnings per share reported for the fourth quarter of 2004.
The reported $0.90 diluted earnings per share includes: the incurrence of net
restructuring charges related to: the scheduled termination of Allergans
manufacturing and supply agreement with Advanced Medical Optics (AMO) the
streamlining of Allergans research and development and select commercial
activities throughout Europeand the re-organization of Allergans operations in
Japan as a result of Allergans development and promotion arrangements with
GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) relating to Botox(R) the incurrence of transition and
duplicate operating expenses related to the streamlining activities throughout
Europe mentioned above the recognition of a loss on the sale of assets that were
primarily used for contract manufacturing and the distribution of AMO related
products in Ireland the incurrence of non-capitalized charges associated with
Allergans proposed acquisition of Inamed Corporation the recognition of a gain
on the sale of a former manufacturing plant in Argentina a decrease in the
amount of taxes previously estimated in connection with the repatriation of
foreign earnings that had been permanently re-invested outside the United States
a reduction in the estimated tax benefit related to the resolution of several
significant income tax audit issues related to tax years currently under
examination or not yet settled through expiration of the statute of
limitationsand the effect of an unrealized gain on the mark-to-market adjustment
to foreign currency derivative instruments. The items above included in diluted
earnings per share total $2.3 million, which consists of $8.4 million pre-tax
less $6.1 million related to the provision for income taxes. - - Allergans
adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.91, representing a 5.8 percent
increase compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.86 reported for
the fourth quarter of 2004. The adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.91
compares to guidance provided in November 2005 of $0.88 to $0.89. Adjusted
diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2005 exclude the items
outlined above and a reconciliation of the adjustments made from reported
earnings per share to adjusted diluted earnings per share is contained in the
financial tables of this document. "We are extremely pleased with our sales
growth and performance in 2005 and we believe Allergan is well-positioned for
the future as we continue to build leadership positions in our specialties."
said David E.I. Pyott, Allergans Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
Executive Officer. "Additionally, we continue to make excellent progress toward
completing the Inamed acquisition and we look forward to offering the benefits
of the transaction to our customers, patients, employees and our stockholders,
as we create this leading global medical aesthetics franchise." For full year
2005, therapeutic sales accounted for approximately 57% of total Botox(R)
(botulinum toxin type A) sales and therapeutic sales grew at approximately 16%.
For full year 2005, cosmetic sales accounted for approximately 43% of total
Botox(R) sales and cosmetic sales grew at approximately 21%. As a result of
Allergans development and promotion agreements with GSK, Allergan has provided
2005 and 2004 quarterly Botox(R) net sales in Japan, which are contained in the
financial tables of this document. For full years 2005 and 2004, Botox(R) net
sales in Japan were $38.8 million and $32.5 million, respectively. Product and
Pipeline Update During the fourth quarter of 2005: On October 3, 2005, Allergan
announced that it entered into a long-term agreement with GSK to develop and
promote Allergans Botox(R) in Japan and China and to co-promote GSKs products
Imitrex STATdose System(R) (sumatriptan succinate) and Amerge(R) (naratriptan
hydrochloride) in the United States. On October 3, 2005, Allergan made a
milestone payment to Acadia Pharmaceuticals in connection with the advancement
of a clinical program directed at novel treatments for neuropathic pain. On
October 24, 2005, Allergan entered into an agreement with NPS Pharmaceuticals to
promote Restasis(R) (cyclosporine ophthalmic emulsion 0.05%) to rheumatologists
in the United States.On December 29, 2005, the United District Court for the
Northern District of California granted a temporary restraining order in the
Acular(R) patent infringement case in favor of Allergan against Apotex, Inc.,
Apotex Corp., and Novex Pharma. In its ruling, the District Court ordered that
the defendants "are restrained and enjoined, pending the Courts decision as to
whether a preliminary injunction should issue, from commercially manufacturing,
using, offering to sell, or selling within the United States or importing into
the United States" the generic version of Acular(R). Following the fourth
quarter of 2005: Allergan received approval for Botox(R) in the United Kingdom
(UK) (from the Medicines Healthcare product and Regulatory Agency) and in
Germany (from the Bundesinstitut fur Arzneimittel und Medizinprodukte) for the
treatment of moderate to severe glabellar lines in adult women and men aged 65
and younger. With dosing specific to treat glabellar lines, Botox(R) for
cosmetic use will be marketed in the UK and Germany under the brand name
Vistabel(R) and is the only brand of botulinum toxin type A licensed for
glabellar lines in these countries. Inamed Acquisition On November 15, 2005,
Allergan announced its proposal to acquire Inamed Corporation for a per share
consideration of $84.00 in cash or 0.8498 of a share of common Allergan stock,
subject to proration. Allergan and Inamed are continuing to work with the
Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to obtain clearance of the transaction. Allergan
is making good progress and will separately announce when the FTC has cleared
the transaction. Outlook Allergan estimates 2006 diluted earnings per share,
prior to the acquisition of Inamed, to be between $3.56 and $3.62, which
includes a $0.20 negative impact related to the estimated effect of expensing
stock options in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement
No. 123R (FAS 123R). Consistent with the Securities and Exchange Commissions
requirement, Allergan will begin implementing FAS 123R in the first fiscal
quarter of 2006. Allergan anticipates that the acquisition of Inamed will be
neutral to its 2006 diluted earnings per share guidance which excludes the
following non-GAAP adjustments: amortization of acquired intangible assets
associated with the proposed Inamed acquisition merger-related integration and
transition costs associated with the proposed Inamed acquisitionand purchase
accounting adjustments related to inventory and in-process research and
development associated with the proposed Inamed acquisition. The estimated
pre-tax impact from expensing stock options under FAS 123R is approximately
$44.0 million and the estimated allocation is as follows: approximately 7% to
Cost of Sales approximately 22% to Re


Allergan Granted Temporary Restraining Order In Acular(R) Patent Infringement
Case

Jan 03, 2006

IRVINE, Calif., January 03, 2006 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) announced today
that on December 29, 2005, in its patent infringement lawsuit against Apotex,
Inc., Apotex Corp., and Novex Pharma (collectively the "Defendants"), the United
District Court for the Northern District of California granted Allergans and
Syntex (USA) LLCs application for a temporary restraining order against the
Defendants. In its ruling, the District Court ordered that the Defendants "are
restrained and enjoined, pending the Courts decision as to whether a preliminary
injunction should issue, from commercially manufacturing, using, offering to
sell, or selling within the United States or importing into the United States"
the generic version of ACULAR(R) (ketorolac tromethamine ophthalmic solution)
0.5% for which the Defendants have sought FDA approval via an abbreviated new
drug application.The patent infringement lawsuit was tried in June 2003, and on
January 27, 2004, the District Court entered a judgment in Allergans and Syntexs
favor and against the Defendants, finding that Defendants proposed generic
ketorolac tromethamine ophthalmic solution infringed U.S. Patent No. 5,110,493
("the 493 patent"). The matter was appealed by the Defendants to the Federal
Circuit Court of Appeals, which upheld the District Courts finding of
infringement but remanded the matter to the District Court for the District
Courts reconsideration of the Defendants claim that the 493 patent is "obvious"
and thus invalid. In granting Allergans and Syntexs application for a temporary
restraining order, the District Court ruled that Allergan and Syntex "have a
strong likelihood of success on the merits in defending against Defendants claim
that the U.S. Patent No. 5,110,493 is obvious" and noted that "the public
interest strongly favors the enforcement of patent rights and encouraging
innovation."ACULAR(R) is indicated for the temporary relief of ocular itching
due to seasonal allergic conjunctivitis and the treatment of post-operative
inflammation in patients who have undergone cataract surgery.


Allergan Requests Temporary Restraining Order And Preliminary Injunction In
Acular(R) Patent Infringement Case; Seeks Ban On Sale Of Proposed Generic Drug
Pending Court Ruling

Dec 16, 2005

IRVINE, Calif., Dec 16, 2005 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) announced today that
it has filed a motion with the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California, San Francisco Division, requesting a temporary
restraining order and preliminary injunction prohibiting the sale of a proposed
generic version of Allergans non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug ACULAR(R)
(ketorolac tromethamine ophthalmic solution) 0.5% while the court conducts
further proceedings in a patent infringement lawsuit brought by Allergan and
Syntex (U.S.A.) LLC against Apotex, Inc., Apotex Corp., and Novex Pharma Inc.
(the "Apotex Defendants").On January 27, 2004, the District Court entered a
judgment in favor of Allergan and Syntex in the patent infringement action,
finding that the patent covering ACULAR(R) is valid, enforceable and infringed
by the Apotex Defendants proposed generic drug. Apotex appealed to the U.S.
Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, which on May 18, 2005, left
undisturbed the finding of infringement but remanded the matter for re-hearing
by the District Court on one issue. Subsequently, on December 15, 2005, the
Federal Circuit vacated the District Courts permanent injunction barring the
sale of the Apotex Defendants product but indicated that Allergan and Syntex
could request a preliminary injunction from the District Court. Accordingly, on
December 16, 2005, Allergan filed a motion for temporary restraining order and
preliminary injunction with the District Court.ACULAR(R) is indicated for the
temporary relief of ocular itching due to seasonal allergic conjunctivitis and
the treatment of post-operative inflammation in patients who have undergone
cataract surgery.


Allergan Reports Third Quarter Operating Results And Increases Full Year
Earnings Guidance; Pharmaceutical Sales Increased 25 Percent For The Third
Quarter; Board Of Directors Declares Third Quarter Dividend

Nov 01, 2005

(IRVINE, Calif., November 1, 2005)-- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN) today announced
operating results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2005. Allergan also
announced that its Board of Directors has declared a third quarter dividend of
$0.10 per share, payable on December 12, 2005 to stockholders of record on
November 16, 2005.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended September 30, 2005:
Allergan's net sales were $606.1 million, including $0.2 million of
non-pharmaceutical product sales. Pharmaceutical sales increased 25.0 percent,
or 23.6 percent at constant currency, compared to pharmaceutical sales in the
third quarter of 2004.Allergan reported $1.12 diluted earnings per share
compared to the $0.69 diluted earnings per share reported for the third quarter
of 2004. The reported $1.12 diluted earnings per share includes: the incurrence
of restructuring charges related to the scheduled termination of Allergan's
manufacturing and supply agreement with Advanced Medical Optics (AMO) the
incurrence of restructuring charges and transition and duplicate operating
expenses related to the streamlining of Allergan's research and development and
select commercial activities throughout Europe a decrease in the amount of taxes
previously estimated in connection with the repatriation of foreign earnings
that had been permanently re-invested outside the United States the recognition
of a gain from the sale of a third party equity investmenta charge associated
with the buy-out of a licensing agreement with Johns Hopkins University the
recognition of a gain on the sale of assets primarily used for contract
manufacturing and the former distribution of AMO related products the
recognition of a gain associated with the sale of Allergan's contact lens care
product (CLCP) and surgical product distribution business in India the
recognition of an additional amount of income tax benefit for previously paid
state income taxes and interest income related to the total income tax benefit
the resolution of several significant income tax audit issues, including
transfer prices, related to tax years currently under examination or not yet
settled through expiration of the statute of limitations and a related reversal
of previously accrued statutory interest expense associated with these
previously uncertain tax positionsand the effect of an unrealized gain on the
mark-to-market adjustment to foreign currency derivative instruments. The items
above included in diluted earnings per share total $38.4 million, which consists
of $18.5 million pre-tax, $23.0 million related to the provision for income
taxes and $3.1 million related to minority interest. Allergan's adjusted diluted
earnings per share were $0.83, representing a 23.9 percent increase compared to
adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.67 reported for the third quarter of
2004. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the third quarter of 2005 exclude
the items outlined above and a reconciliation of the adjustments made from
reported earnings per share to adjusted diluted earnings per share is contained
in the financial tables of this document. We are extremely pleased with our
results and performance in the third quarter and as a result have increased our
full year financial guidance, said David E.I. Pyott, Allergan's Chairman of the
Board, President and Chief Executive Officer. Moreover, we recently entered into
a strategic agreement with GlaxoSmithKline which we expect will help us to
continue to maximize the value of our assets globally and strengthen our
strategic positionand further demonstrates our intent to continually adapt our
business model to realize greater sales, greater productivity and increase
stockholder value. Product and Pipeline Update During the third quarter of 2005:
On August 19, 2005, Allergan announced that it received a written approval from
the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to market AlphaganÂ® P
(brimonidine tartrate ophthalmic solution) 0.1%, indicated for the lowering of
intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular
hypertension. On September 28, 2005, Allergan announced that it received
positive opinions for Combiganâ¢, Allergan's AlphaganÂ®/timolol combination
product for glaucoma (brimonidine tartrate/timolol ophthalmic solution), from
all twenty-one Concerned Member States included in the Combiganâ¢ Mutual
Recognition Procedure for the European Union. On September 29, 2005, Allergan
entered into a multi-year alliance with Sirna Therapeutics, Inc. to develop
Sirna-027, a novel RNAi-based therapeutic currently in Phase I for age-related
macular degeneration, and to discover and develop other novel RNAi-based
therapeutics against select gene targets in ophthalmic diseases. Following the
end of the third quarter of 2005: On October 3, 2005, Allergan announced that it
entered into a long-term agreement with GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) to develop and
promote Allergan's BotoxÂ® (botulinum toxin type A) in Japan and China and to
co-promote GSK's products Imitrex STATdose SystemÂ® (sumatriptan succinate) and
AmergeÂ® (naratriptan hydrochloride) in the United States. On October 3, 2005,
Acadia Pharmaceuticals announced that it received a milestone payment from
Allergan in connection with the advancement of a clinical program directed at
novel treatment for neuropathic pain.On October 24, 2005, NPS Pharmaceuticals
announced that it entered into an agreement with Allergan to promote RestasisÂ®
(cyclosporine ophthalmic emulsion 0.05%) to rheumatologists in the United
States. Other Events Allergan recently made the decision to terminate its
clinical program for oral tazarotene for the treatment of moderate to very
severe psoriasis based on a comprehensive cost benefit and net present value
analysis which demonstrated that research and development resources should be
directed to more valuable opportunities in the pipeline. Allergan will continue
to investigate the use of tazarotene for the treatment of retinal disease.
Outlook For the fourth quarter of 2005, Allergan estimates: Total sales between
$565 million and $580 million. Adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range
of $0.88 and $0.89.For the full year of 2005: Allergan is increasing total
pharmaceutical sales guidance to between $2,240 million and $2,260 million.
Allergan is increasing the expected range of RestasisÂ® sales to between $180
million and $200 million and is also increasing the expected range of the
AlphaganÂ® franchise sales to between $255 million and $275 million. All other
individual product sales guidance provided in July 2005 remains unchanged.
Pharmaceutical only income statement ratio guidance provided in July 2005 has
changed to: Gross Profit of approximately 83.0% to 84.0%. SG&A of approximately
40.0%. Research and development pharmaceutical only income statement ratio
guidance provided in July 2005 remains unchanged. Diluted shares outstanding
guidance and the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings guidance provided in
July 2005 remain unchanged. Allergan is increasing adjusted diluted earnings per
share guidance to approximately $3.26 to $3.27, which is approximately a $0.05
per share increase from guidance provided in July 2005. Adjusted diluted
earnings per share guidance anticipates non-GAAP adjustments to diluted earnings
per share including the following items discussed above and in previous earnings
releases: the recognition of income associated with the termination of
Allergan's VitraseÂ® collaboration agreement with ISTA Pharmaceuticals,
Inc.restructuring activities taxes on the repatriation of foreign earnings the
gain on the equity investment sale the licensing agreement termination charge
the gain on the sale of AMO assets the gain on the sale of India's distribution
busine


Allergan Reports Second Quarter Operating Results And Increases Full Year
Earnings Guidance

Jul 27, 2005

IRVINE, Calif.--July 27, 2005-- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) today announced
operating results for the second quarter ended June 24, 2005. Allergan also
announced that its Board of Directors has declared a second quarter dividend of
$0.10 per share, payable on September 7, 2005 to stockholders of record on
August 12, 2005.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended June 24, 2005: .
Allergans net sales were $591.0 million, including $23.1 million of
non-pharmaceutical product sales, primarily consisting of contract manufacturing
sales to Advanced Medical Optics, Inc. (AMO), a former subsidiary that was
spun-off from Allergan in June 2002. . Pharmaceutical sales increased 18.6
percent, or 16.3 percent at constant currency, compared to pharmaceutical sales
in the second quarter of 2004. . Allergan reported $0.25 diluted earnings per
share, including the incurrence of restructuring charges related to the
scheduled termination of . Allergans manufacturing and supply agreement with
AMO, the incurrence of restructuring charges and transition and duplicate
operating expenses related to the streamlining of Allergans research and
development and select commercial activities throughout Europe, the incurrence
of anticipated taxes related to the scheduled repatriation of foreign earnings
previously permanently re-invested outside the United States and the effect of
an unrealized gain on the mark-to-market adjustment to foreign currency
derivative instruments totaling $70.3 million, which consists of $10.8 million
pre-tax plus $59.5 million related to the provision for income taxes, compared
to the $0.68 diluted earnings per share reported for the second quarter of 2004.
. Allergans adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.78, representing a 23.8
percent increase compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.63
reported for the second quarter of 2004. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for
the second quarter of 2005 exclude the restructuring charges related to the AMO
agreement, the restructuring charges and transition and duplicate operating
expenses related to the European streamlining activities, the anticipated taxes
to be incurred as a result of the scheduled repatriation of foreign earnings and
the unrealized gain on foreign currency derivative instruments. A reconciliation
of the adjustments made from reported earnings per share to adjusted diluted
earnings per share is contained in the financial tables of this document. "We
are very pleased with our continued strong sales and earnings growth during the
second quarter as our business continues to perform better than was anticipated
at the beginning of 2005," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergans Chairman of the
Board, President and Chief Executive Officer. "In addition, we look forward to
commencing with the key clinical trials for our exciting new BotoxÂ®
indications, which include chronic daily headache and overactive bladder."
Product and Pipeline Update During the second quarter of 2005: . Effective April
19, 2005, Allergan entered into a royalty buy-out agreement with Novartis
related to RestasisÂ® (cyclosporine ophthalmic emulsion 0.05%) and agreed to pay
$110 million to Novartis in exchange for Novartis worldwide rights and
obligations, excluding Japan, for technology, patents and products relating to
the topical ophthalmic use of cyclosporine A, the active ingredient in
RestasisÂ®. Under the royalty buy-out agreement, Allergan will no longer be
required to make royalty payments to Novartis in connection with Allergans sales
of RestasisÂ®. . On June 1, 2005, Allergan announced that it received a written
response from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regarding
Allergans request for formal dispute resolution on its oral tazarotene capsule
New Drug Application. In the response, the FDA outlined multiple potential
options for improving oral tazarotenes risk-benefit profile. Allergan has
submitted a protocol for a special protocol assessment to the FDA and will
provide details once it reaches an agreement with the FDA. . The FDA issued an
approvable letter for AlphaganÂ® Z (brimonidine tartrate ophthalmic solution)
for the lowering of intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma
and ocular hypertension. Allergan has responded to the FDAs questions and is
waiting on a response from the FDA. . The Medicines and Healthcare products
Regulatory Agency granted marketing authorization for Combiganâ¢ in the United
Kingdom. . Allergan met with the FDA and reached agreement to enter Phase III
clinical trials for BotoxÂ® to treat neurogenic overactive bladder and Phase II
clinical trials for BotoxÂ® to treat idiopathic overactive bladder. On May 19,
2005, Allergan announced the appointment of Louis J. Lavigne, Jr. to Allergans
Board of Directors, effective as of the Boards July 2005 meeting. On July 25,
2005, Allergans Board of Directors approved a plan under the American Jobs
Creation Act of 2004 (The Act) to repatriate foreign earnings previously
permanently reinvested outside of the United States and to reinvest those
earnings domestically. The Act provides favorable tax treatment for repatriated
earnings that are above a base amount determined based on a companys historical
repatriation levels and not more than a specified threshold. Allergan
anticipates repatriating approximately $759 million above the base amount. This
includes $674 million under its repatriation and reinvestment plan that is equal
to Allergans specified threshold and is subject to a favorable tax treatment
under The Act and an approximate $85 million of additional foreign earnings
previously permanently reinvested outside of the United States. Outlook For the
third quarter of 2005, Allergan estimates: . Total pharmaceutical only sales
between $565 million and $580 million. . Adjusted diluted earnings per share
between $0.78 and $0.79. For the full year of 2005: . Allergan is increasing
total pharmaceutical sales guidance to between $2,175 million and $2,225
million. . Allergan is increasing the expected range of RestasisÂ® sales to
between $165 million and $185 million. All other individual product sales
guidance provided in April 2005 remains unchanged. . Pharmaceutical only income
statement ratio guidance provided in April 2005 has changed to: . Gross Profit
of approximately 82.5% to 83.5%. . SG&A of approximately 38% to 39%. . Research
and development pharmaceutical only income statement ratio guidance provided in
April 2005 remains unchanged. . Diluted shares outstanding guidance and the
effective tax rate on adjusted earnings guidance provided in April 2005 remain
unchanged. . Allergan is increasing adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance
to between $3.20 and $3.23, which is approximately a $0.04 per share increase
from guidance provided in April 2005. Adjusted diluted earnings per share
guidance anticipates non-GAAP adjustments to diluted earnings per share
including the recognition of income associated with the termination of Allergans
VitraseÂ® collaboration agreement with ISTA Pharmaceuticals, Inc., restructuring
activities and anticipated taxes on the scheduled repatriation of foreign
earnings discussed above. A reconciliation of the adjustments made from diluted
earnings per share guidance to adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance is
contained in the financial tables of this document. Adjusted diluted earnings
per share guidance for 2005 excludes the effect of expensing stock options.
Consistent with the Securities and Exchange Commissions announcement amending
the compliance dates for Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 123R
(FAS 123R), Allergan will begin implementing FAS 123R when it becomes effective,
which is currently anticipated to be the first fiscal quarter of 2006.


Allergan Reports First Quarter Operating Results And Increases Full Year
Earnings Guidance

Apr 27, 2005

IRVINE, Calif., Apr 27, 2005 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) today announced
operating results for the first quarter ended March 25, 2005. Allergan also
announced that its Board of Directors has declared a first quarter dividend of
$0.10 per share, payable on June 8, 2005 to stockholders of record on May 13,
2005.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended March 25, 2005: -- Allergans net
sales were $527.2 million, including $23.1 million of non-pharmaceutical product
sales, primarily consisting of contract manufacturing sales to Advanced Medical
Optics, Inc. (AMO), a former subsidiary that was spun-off from Allergan in June
2002. -- Pharmaceutical sales increased 12.6 percent, or 11.2 percent at
constant currency, compared to pharmaceutical sales in the first quarter of
2004. -- Allergan reported $0.60 diluted earnings per share, including the
recognition of income associated with the termination of Allergans Vitrase(R)
collaboration agreement with ISTA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ISTA), the incurrence
of restructuring charges related to the scheduled termination of Allergans
manufacturing and supply agreement with AMO, the incurrence of restructuring
charges and transition/duplicate operating expenses related to the streamlining
of Allergans research and development and select commercial activities
throughout Europe and the effect of an unrealized gain on the mark-to-market
adjustment to foreign currency derivative instruments, totaling $24.0 million
pre-tax, compared to the $0.60 diluted earnings per share reported for the first
quarter of 2004. -- Allergans adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.76,
representing a 28.8 percent increase compared to adjusted diluted earnings per
share of $0.59 reported for the first quarter of 2004. Adjusted diluted earnings
per share for the first quarter of 2005 exclude the income received from ISTA,
the restructuring charges related to the AMO agreement, the restructuring
charges and transition/duplicate operating expenses related to the European
streamlining activities and the unrealized gain on foreign currency derivative
instruments. A reconciliation of the adjustments made from reported earnings per
share to adjusted diluted earnings per share is contained in the financial
tables of this document. "We are extremely pleased with the strong income growth
in our first quarter and our ability to continue to invest heavily in research
and development and commercial operations. We believe we are making good
progress with several of our early-stage projects, including the alpha agonists
for the treatment of neuropathic pain and the proton pump inhibitor pro drug for
the treatment of gastrointestinal disease," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergans
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer. "The approval of
Combigan(TM) in the United Kingdom as the first European Union country is an
important milestone in the global roll-out of this promising product." Product
and Pipeline Update During the first quarter of 2005: -- Allergan announced that
it received a positive opinion from the European Union by way of the Mutual
Recognition Process for Vistabel(R). The positive opinion was received in all
twelve concerned member states in which Allergan filed. The twelve member states
include, among others, Austria, Hungary, Greece, Belgium and Finland. --
Allergan announced plans to move forward with a large Phase III clinical trial
program to investigate the safety and efficacy of Botox(R) as a prophylactic
therapy in a subset of migraine patients with chronic daily headache. -- On
February 9, 2005, Allergan commented on the announcement by Inspire
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. that Inspires diquafosol product failed to demonstrate
statistically significant improvement as compared to placebo for its primary
endpoint. -- On February 16, 2005, PediaMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. announced that
it had entered into a co-promotion agreement with Allergan in the United States
pediatric market for Allergans Zymar(R) ophthalmic solution, a treatment for
bacterial conjunctivitis, the common eye infection known to many as "pink eye."
-- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued an approvable letter for
Combigan(TM), Allergans Alphagan(R)/ timolol combination product for the
treatment of glaucoma (brimonidine tartrate/timolol ophthalmic solution). The
approvable letter sets out the conditions that the Company must meet in order to
obtain FDA marketing approval. The FDAs response will necessitate additional
clinical investigation. Following the end of the first quarter of 2005: -- On
March 28, 2005, Allergan announced that it entered into an exclusive licensing
agreement with Sanwa Kagaku Kenkyusho Co., Ltd. to develop and commercialize
Posurdex(R) for the ophthalmic specialty market in Japan. -- The FDA issued an
approvable letter for Alphagan(R) Z (brimonidine tartrate ophthalmic solution),
for the lowering of intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma
and ocular hypertension. The outstanding approvable issues are primarily related
to manufacturing and Allergan anticipates these issues will be resolved in the
near future. -- The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency granted
marketing authorization for Combigan(TM) in the United Kingdom. -- Allergan met
with the FDA and reached agreement to enter Phase III clinical trials for
Botox(R) to treat neurogenic overactive bladder and Phase II clinical trials for
Botox(R) to treat idiopathic overactive bladder. -- Allergan filed a formal
dispute resolution with the FDA to resolve issues surrounding the non-approvable
letter received from the FDA in September 2004 for oral tazarotene for the
treatment of moderate to very severe psoriasis. -- Effective April 19, 2005, the
Company entered into a royalty buy-out agreement with Novartis related to
Restasis(R) (cyclosporine ophthalmic emulsion 0.05%) and agreed to pay $110
million to Novartis in exchange for Novartis worldwide rights and obligations,
excluding Japan, for technology, patents and products relating to the topical
ophthalmic use of cyclosporine A, the active ingredient in Restasis(R). Under
the royalty buy-out agreement, the Company will no longer be required to make
royalty payments to Novartis in connection with the Companys sales of
Restasis(R). Outlook For the second quarter of 2005, Allergan estimates: --
Total pharmaceutical only sales between $535 million and $550 million. --
Adjusted diluted earnings per share between $0.72 and $0.74. For the full year
of 2005: -- All product sales guidance provided in February 2005 remains
unchanged. -- Total pharmaceutical sales guidance and contract sales guidance
provided in February 2005 remains unchanged, although we believe it will trend
to the higher end of the range. -- Pharmaceutical only income statement ratio
guidance provided in February 2005 has changed to: -- Gross Profit of
approximately 82% - 83%. -- Research and Development of approximately 17.5%. --
SG&A of approximately 37% to 38%. -- Diluted shares outstanding guidance
provided in February 2005 of 134 million diluted shares outstanding has changed
to between approximately 133 million and 134 million diluted shares outstanding,
which may be adjusted, depending on Allergans stock price, to account for the
dilutive effect of the assumed conversion of Allergans $641,500,000 principal
amount at maturity Zero Coupon Convertible Senior Notes Due 2022, as required by
Emerging Issues Task Force Issue No. 04-08, "Accounting Issues Related to
Certain Features of Contingently Convertible Debt and the Effect on Diluted
Earnings Per Share" (EITF 04-08). -- Allergan currently estimates that its
effective tax rate on adjusted earnings will be approximately 29%.-- Allergan is
increasing adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance to between $3.15 and
$3.20, which is approxima


Allergan Reports Fourth Quarter Operating Results; Pharmaceutical Sales
Increased 16 Percent For The Fourth Quarter; Board Of Directors Declares
Increase Of Quarterly Dividend

Feb 07, 2005

IRVINE, Calif., February 7, 2005 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) today announced
operating results for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2004. Allergan also
announced that its Board of Directors has increased the fourth quarter dividend
to $0.10 per share, payable on March 10, 2005 to stockholders of record on
February 14, 2005.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended December 31, 2004: --
Allergans net sales were $556.2 million, including $21.8 million of
non-pharmaceutical product sales, primarily consisting of contract manufacturing
sales to Advanced Medical Optics, Inc. (AMO), a former subsidiary that was
spun-off from Allergan on June 29, 2002. -- Pharmaceutical sales were up 16.2
percent, or 14.0 percent at constant currency, compared to pharmaceutical sales
in the fourth quarter of 2003. -- Allergan reported $0.85 diluted earnings per
share, including the recognition of income associated with Allergans revised
Vitrase(R) collaboration agreement with ISTA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ISTA), the
incurrence of restructuring charges related to the scheduled termination of
Allergans manufacturing and supply agreement with AMO and the effect of an
unrealized loss on the mark-to-market adjustment to foreign currency derivative
instruments, totaling $1.0 million pre-tax, compared to the $0.70 diluted loss
per share reported for the fourth quarter of 2003. Allergans reported $0.85
diluted earnings per share also includes the dilutive effect of the assumed
conversion of Allergans $641,500,000 principal amount at maturity Zero Coupon
Convertible Senior Notes Due 2022, or Senior Notes, as required by Emerging
Issues Task Force Issue No. 04-8, "Accounting Issues Related to Certain Features
of Contingently Convertible Debt and the Effect on Diluted Earnings Per Share"
(EITF 04-8). -- Allergans adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.86,
representing a 30.3 percent increase compared to the adjusted diluted earnings
per share of $0.66 reported for the fourth quarter of 2003. Adjusted diluted
earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2004 exclude the income received
from ISTA, the restructuring charges related to the AMO agreement and the
unrealized loss on foreign currency derivative instruments. Allergans reported
$0.86 adjusted diluted earnings per share includes the dilutive effect of the
assumed conversion of the Senior Notes. A reconciliation of the adjustments made
from reported diluted earnings per share to adjusted diluted earnings per share
is contained in the financial tables of this document. Allergan implemented EITF
04-8 and restated all prior periods affected by this new accounting principle.
EITF 04-8 requires companies to calculate diluted earnings per share by
including common stock underlying contingent convertible securities. EITF 04-8
changed the way Allergan accounts for the Senior Notes. As a result of
implementing EITF 04-8: -- Diluted loss per share in 2003 remained unchanged at
$0.40. -- Adjusted diluted earnings per share in 2003 decreased by $0.01 from
$2.31 to $2.30. -- Diluted earnings per share in 2004 decreased by $0.02.
Diluted earnings per share for the first quarter of 2004 decreased by $0.01 from
$0.61 to $0.60, the second quarter of 2004 decreased by $0.01 from $0.69 to
$0.68, the third quarter of 2004 decreased by $0.01 from $0.70 to $0.69 and the
fourth quarter of 2004 remain unchanged at $0.85. -- Adjusted diluted earnings
per share in 2004 decreased by $0.03. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for
the first quarter of 2004 decreased by $0.01 from $0.60 to $0.59, the second
quarter of 2004 decreased by $0.01 from $0.64 to $0.63, the third quarter of
2004 remained unchanged at $0.67 and the fourth quarter of 2004 decreased by
$0.01 from $0.87 to $0.86. A reconciliation of the adjustments made from
reported diluted earnings per share to adjusted diluted earnings per share for
2003 and 2004 is contained in the financial tables of this document. "We are
pleased with our strong sales and earnings growth in 2004. During the year, we
launched Vistabel(R) (Botox(R) Cosmetic) in southern Europe, Botox(R) for the
hyperhidrosis indication in the United States and received our first approvals
for Combigan(TM) in Brazil and Canada," said David E.I. Pyott, Allergans
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer. "Deepening our
long-term innovative pipeline, we also filed key Investigational New Drug
Applications for the proton pump inhibitor pro drug to treat gastrointestinal
disease and for an alpha adrenergic agonist to treat neuropathic pain." For full
year 2004, therapeutic sales accounted for approximately 58% of total Botox(R)
(botulinum toxin type A) sales and therapeutic sales grew at approximately 20%.
For full year 2004, cosmetic sales accounted for approximately 42% of total
Botox(R) sales and cosmetic sales grew at approximately 30%. Product and
Pipeline Update During the fourth quarter of 2004: -- On September 27, 2004,
Allergan announced that the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
issued a non-approvable letter for oral tazarotene for the treatment of moderate
to very severe psoriasis. Allergan intends to continue working with the FDA
towards Allergans goal of bringing oral tazarotene to patients suffering from
moderate to very severe psoriasis. -- On October 8, 2004, Allergan announced
that the jury in the Irena Medavoy vs. Arnold Klein, M.D., and Allergan, Inc.
lawsuit found that Allergans product Botox(R) was not responsible for the
conditions Irena Medavoy alleged she suffered following her treatment with
Botox(R) for migraine headache. The court also dismissed all claims against both
Allergan and Dr. Klein, including those pertaining to the California Business
and Professions Code. -- On October 27, 2004, Allergans Board of Directors
approved certain restructuring activities related to the scheduled termination
of Allergans manufacturing and supply agreement with AMO. -- On December 13,
2004, Allergan announced that an FDA affidavit filed December 10, 2004 in the
United States District Court for the Northern District of California states that
Botox(R) was not used and played no role in the case of four patients who became
ill after treatments by an unlicensed physician at a Florida facility. --
Allergan received approval for Combigan(TM) in Switzerland. This approval marks
Allergans first European approval for Combigan(TM). -- Allergan met with the FDA
and has reached agreement to move into Phase III for Botox(R) to treat headache
in migraine sufferers. Following the end of the fourth quarter of 2004: -- On
January, 21, 2005, Allergan announced that the United States District Court for
the District of Columbia ruled that the FDAs classification of Allergans product
Restasis(R) (cyclosporine ophthalmic emulsion 0.05%) as an antibiotic is
supported by the FDAs Modernization Act of 1997 (FDAMA) and thus has dismissed
Allergans lawsuit seeking to classify Restasis(R) as a non-antibiotic. --
Allergan received a positive opinion from the European Union by way of the
Mutual Recognition Process for Vistabel(R). The positive opinion was received in
all twelve concerned member states in which Allergan filed. The twelve member
states include, among others, Austria, Hungary, Greece, Belgium and Finland. On
January 18, 2005, Allergan announced that its Board of Directors approved the
initiation and implementation of plans to streamline Allergans research and
development and select commercial activities throughout Europe into Allergans
facilities in the United Kingdom, Ireland and United States. On January 25,
2005, Allergan announced the appointment of Robert A. Ingram to the Companys
Board of Directors. Outlook For the first quarter of 2005, Allergan estimates:
-- Total pharmaceutical only sales between $490 million and $505 million. --
Diluted earnings per share between $0.66 and $0.67.


Allergan Announces Ruling In Product Classification Lawsuit

Jan 21, 2005

IRVINE, Calif., Jan 21, 2005 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) today announced that
the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia has ruled that the U.S.
Food and Drug Administrations (FDA) classification of Allergans product
Restasis(R) (cyclosporine ophthalmic emulsion 0.05%) as an antibiotic is
supported by the FDAs Modernization Act of 1997 (FDAMA) and thus has dismissed
Allergans lawsuit seeking to reclassify Restasis(R) as a non-antibiotic.Allergan
brought its lawsuit in October 2003 in an effort to have the FDA reclassify
Restasis(R) as a non-antibiotic and to obtain the certainty of three years of
marketing exclusivity under the Hatch-Waxman Act. The courts ruling should have
a limited effect on Restasis(R) or Restasis(R) competition for the following
reasons:1. Allergan believes it has a solid patent estate covering Restasis(R),
with a use patent that does not expire until August 2009 and a formulation
patent that does not expire until May 2014 2. Allergan brought its lawsuit to
augment its Restasis(R) patent estate with the certainty of three years of
Hatch-Waxman marketing exclusivity. Because Restasis(R) was approved by the FDA
in December 2002, however, such marketing exclusivity would have expired in
December 2005and 3. Cyclosporine, the active ingredient in Restasis(R), is a
challenging compound to formulate as an eye care product. As noted above,
Allergan has a formulation patent that expires in 2014. It is Allergans belief
that a competitor attempting to develop an alternative formulation would have a
difficult time successfully replicating the efficacy and safety profile of
Restasis(R). "Allergan has spent considerable effort developing the first
FDA-approved dry eye medication - Restasis(R) - and we had hoped to have been
rewarded for our technological innovation with Hatch-Waxman marketing
exclusivity," said Douglas S. Ingram, Allergans Executive Vice President,
General Counsel and Secretary. "Fortunately, Restasis(R) has intellectual
property protection through a patent estate that extends until May 2014 and thus
there should be no practical need for separate Hatch-Waxman marketing
exclusivity."


Allergan Reports Third Quarter Operating Results; Pharmaceutical Sales Increased
15 Percent For The Third Quarter; Board Of Directors Declares Third Quarter
Dividend

Nov 01, 2004

IRVINE, Calif., Nov 1, 2004 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) today announced
operating results for the third quarter ended September 24, 2004. Allergan also
announced that its Board of Directors has declared a third quarter dividend of
$0.09 per share, payable on December 9, 2004, to stockholders of record on
November 10, 2004."We are extremely pleased with the Companys results and
performance in the third quarter. We continue to drive forward our key clinical
programs, which are the fuel for our innovation and long-term sales growth,"
said David E.I. Pyott, Allergans Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
Executive Officer.Effective July 9, 2004, Ronald M. Cresswell retired as a
member of Allergans Board of Directors for personal health reasons. On July 28,
2004, Allergan announced the appointments of Prof. Trevor M. Jones to the
Companys Board of Directors and Dr. Scott Whitcup to the position of Executive
Vice President, Research & Development. Effective October 27, 2004, Allergans
Board of Directors approved certain restructuring activities related to the
planned termination of Allergans manufacturing and supply agreement with
Advanced Medical Optics, Inc. Allergan anticipates that the pre-tax
restructuring charges, expected to total between $24 million and $28 million,
will be recorded beginning in the fourth quarter of 2004 up through the fourth
quarter of 2005.


Allergan Files Suit Against Alcon For Patent Infringement

Aug 24, 2004

IRVINE, Calif., Aug 24, 2004 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) announced today that
it has filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Alcon Laboratories, Inc.,
Alcon Research, Ltd. and Alcon, Inc. (NYSE:ACL) (collectively "Alcon"). The
lawsuit was filed today in the U.S. District Court for the District of
Delaware.Allergan filed the lawsuit in response to Alcons filing of a New Drug
Application with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration under section 505(b)(2)
of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. In the application, Alcon seeks to
market a generic brimonidine tartrate ophthalmic solution 0.15% product in the
United States. Brimonidine tartrate ophthalmic solution 0.15% is currently
marketed by Allergan in the United States under Allergans ALPHAGAN(R)P
trademark.Allergan filed the lawsuit on the basis that Alcons proposed generic
product infringes certain patents held by Allergan.


Allergan, Inc. Wins $1.5 Million Botox Â® Trademark Infringement And Unfair
Competition Case Against Mira Life Group, Inc

Jun 15, 2004

IRVINE, Calif., June 15, 2004 - Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN), the makers of BOTOXÂ®
(botulinum toxin type A) and BOTOXÂ® Cosmetic, announced today that the company
has been awarded a $1.5 million judgment against Mira Life Group, Inc., by the
United States District Court in Santa Ana. The Court ruled that Mira Life
engaged in unfair competition and intentionally infringed the BOTOXÂ® trademark
by marketing a cosmetic anti-wrinkle cream it called MiraBotex. The Court,
adopting a conservative estimate of the profits made by Mira Life from its sale
of the infringed product, awarded three times that amount plus attorneys fees,
costs and permanent injunctive relief preventing Mira Life from marketing any
product with a name confusingly similar to BOTOXÂ®."This ruling is a victory for
Allergan and it sends a strong message to other companies that seek to profit
from illegally using the BOTOXÂ® trademark," said Douglas S. Ingram, Executive
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Allergan, Inc. "BOTOXÂ® has
been rigorously studied for a wide range of serious neurological disorders as
well as for cosmetic use, and its safety and efficacy have been explored in
clinical trials and extensive clinical practice involving millions of patients
in over 70 countries. We will aggressively defend the BOTOXÂ® trademark and will
not allow other companies to intentionally mislead the public about the safety
or effectiveness of their products by trading on the exceptional reputation of
our product."Allergans complaint alleged that Mira Life of Los Angeles,
California, intentionally sought to confuse consumers by giving its product, a
cosmetic cream the company claimed to reduce the appearance of wrinkles on the
face, a name confusingly similar to BOTOXÂ®. Allergan initially reached a
settlement agreement with Mira Life requiring it to immediately stop
manufacturing packaging, labels or other materials with the MiraBotex name. Mira
Life continued to sell the product in violation of this agreement which led
Allergan to file a lawsuit claiming intentional infringement of its registered
BOTOXÂ® trademark in the United States District Court in Santa Ana. In entering
a default judgment against Mira Life, the Court held that Mira Lifes acts
constituted willful infringement of the BOTOXÂ® mark and unfair competition
under Federal and California law.


Allergan Reports First Quarter Operating Results

Apr 30, 2004

April 30, 2004 - Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) today announced operating results for
the first quarter ended March 26, 2004. Allergan also announced that its Board
of Directors has declared a first quarter dividend of $0.09 per share, payable
on June 10, 2004 to stockholders of record on May 12, 2004.Operating ResultsFor
the quarter ended March 26, 2004: -- Allergans net sales were $472.4 million,
including $24.9 million of non-pharmaceutical product sales, primarily
consisting of contract manufacturing sales to Advanced Medical Optics, Inc.
(AMO), a former subsidiary that was spun-off from Allergan on June 29, 2002. --
Pharmaceutical sales were up 20.9 percent, or 16.6 percent at constant currency,
compared to pharmaceutical sales in the first quarter of 2003. -- Allergan
reported $0.61 diluted earnings per share, including the favorable settlement of
a patent dispute covering the use of botulinum toxin type B for cervical
dystonia and the effect of an unrealized loss on the mark-to-market adjustment
to foreign currency derivative instruments, totaling $2.3 million pre-tax,
compared to the $0.53 diluted earnings per share reported for the first quarter
of 2003. -- Allergans adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.60,
representing an 11.1 percent increase compared to adjusted diluted earnings per
share of $0.54 reported for the first quarter of 2003. Adjusted diluted earnings
per share for the first quarter of 2004 exclude the effects of the favorable
settlement of the patent dispute and the unrealized loss. A reconciliation of
the adjustments made from reported earnings per share to adjusted earnings per
share is contained in the financial tables of this document. "We are very
pleased with the continued strong sales growth in the first quarter, and we are
excited by the anticipated filing of several Investigational New Drug
applications with the United States Food & Drug Administration during 2004,"
said David E.I. Pyott, Allergans Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
Executive Officer. Product and Pipeline Update During the first quarter of 2004:
-- Allergan announced that Apotex, Inc., Apotex Corp., and Novex Pharma Inc.
dismissed their antitrust lawsuit against Allergan and Roche Palo Alto, LLC
relating to Acular(R). -- The Federal Trade Commissions Bureau of Competition
notified Allergan that it officially closed its investigation of Allergan
relating to the Acular(R) patent infringement case. -- The European Commission
approved Lumigan(R) as first-line therapy for the reduction of elevated
intraocular pressure in chronic open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension.
Following the end of the first quarter of 2004: -- Lupin Limited announced that
its wholly owned subsidiary, Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc., entered into an
agreement with Allergan to promote Zymar(TM) in the United States pediatric
specialty market. -- Allergan announced that it was selected as a partner to
supply its novel ophthalmic formulation of triamcinolone for two National Eye
Institute-sponsored clinical trials on macular edema (swelling of the retina).
Outlook -- For the second quarter of 2004, Allergan estimates: -- Total
pharmaceutical only sales between $465 million and $480 million. -- Adjusted
diluted earnings per share between $0.61 and $0.62, reflecting anticipated
direct-to-consumer expenditures which did not occur in the first quarter of
2004. -- For the full year of 2004: -- Allergan is reducing the expected range
of Tazorac(R) and Avage(R) sales by $15 million to between $70 million and $80
million. -- All other product sales guidance provided in January 2004 remains
unchange. -- Total pharmaceutical sales guidance and contract sales guidance
provided in January 2004 remains unchanged. -- Income statement ratio guidance
provided in January 2004 remains unchanged. -- Allergan currently estimates that
its effective tax rate will be approximately 30 percent. -- Adjusted diluted
earnings per share guidance between $2.72 and $2.75 provided in January 2004
remains unchanged. Adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance excludes any
non-GAAP adjustments to diluted earnings per share. -- At Allergans Annual
Meeting on April 28, 2004, a stockholder proposal requiring Allergan to develop
a policy for expensing the cost of future stock option grants was approved by a
majority of Allergans stockholders. Therefore, Allergan will develop a plan for
expensing future stock option grants and will ensure that its stock option
expensing plan is complete and ready for implementation at the time of Allergans
next full round stock option grant.


Allergan Announces Closing Of Ftc Investigation Of Acular Patent Infringement
Case

Feb 12, 2004

IRVINE, Calif., Feb 12, 2004 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) announced today that
the Federal Trade Commissions (FTC) Bureau of Competition has notified Allergan
that it has officially closed its investigation to determine whether Allergan,
Syntex International, Ltd. (now Roche Palo Alto), or any other person is
engaging in unfair competition by monopolizing or attempting to monopolize the
market for ketorolac tromethamine ophthalmic solution by preventing or slowing
generic competition to ACULARÂ® (ketorolac tromethamine ophthalmic solution
0.5%)."We are pleased with the closing of this investigation by the FTC," said
Douglas Ingram, Allergans Executive Vice President, General Counsel and
Secretary. "With the closing of this investigation, all open issues involving
our ultimately successful decision to protect our ACULARÂ® intellectual property
position have been entirely resolved."The FTCs decision to close the
investigation follows a December 29, 2003 ruling by the United States District
Court for the Northern District of California in favor of Allergan, Inc., and
Syntex International, Ltd., and concluding that the patent covering ACULARÂ® is
valid, enforceable and infringed by a generic drug proposed to be manufactured
by Apotex, Inc., Apotex Corp., and Novex Pharma Inc. (the "Apotex Defendants").
The FTC decision also follows the dismissal of a separate action brought by the
Apotex Defendants against Allergan and Roche Palo Alto LLC. The antitrust action
was based on allegations concerning the patent infringement lawsuit. ACULARÂ® is
currently the number one prescribed ophthalmic non-steroidal anti-inflammatory
in both the United States and the rest of the world. ACULARÂ® is indicated for
the temporary relief of ocular itching due to seasonal allergic conjunctivitis
and the treatment of post-operative inflammation in patients who have undergone
cataract surgery.


Allergan Reports Fourth Quarter Operating Results

Jan 28, 2004

IRVINE, Calif., January 28, 2004 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN) today announced
operating results for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2003. Allergan also
announced that its Board of Directors has declared a fourth quarter dividend of
$0.09 per share, payable on March 18, 2004 to stockholders of record on February
18, 2004.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended December 31, 2003: Allergans net
sales were $479.4 million, including $19.7 million of non-pharmaceutical product
sales primarily consisting of contract manufacturing sales to Advanced Medical
Optics, Inc. (AMO), a former subsidiary that was spun-off from Allergan on June
29, 2002. Pharmaceutical sales were up 27.4 percent, or 22.3 percent at constant
currency, compared to pharmaceutical sales in the fourth quarter of 2002.
Allergan reported a $0.70 diluted loss per share, including charges related to
the acquisition of Oculex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., the write-off of unamortized
origination fees associated with the retirement of Allergans Liquid Yield Option
Notes due 2020 ("LYONs"), the effects of an unrealized gain on the
mark-to-market adjustment to foreign currency derivative instruments, and the
reversal of restructuring charges and asset write-offs totaling $179.1 million
pre-tax, compared to the $0.49 diluted earnings per share reported for the
fourth quarter of 2002. Allergans adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.67,
excluding charges related to the acquisition of Oculex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
the write-off of unamortized origination fees associated with the retirement of
the LYONs , the effects of the unrealized gain, and the reversal of
restructuring charges and asset write-offs representing a 24.1 percent increase
compared to the adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.54 reported for the
fourth quarter of 2002. "We are very pleased with the many accomplishments of
2003, including several key product approvals and launches, the acquisition of
Oculex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and sales growth in excess of earnings growth,"
said David E.I. Pyott, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive
Officer. After more than 20 years of distinguished service to Allergan, Dr.
Lester Kaplan, Executive Vice President of Research & Development has decided to
take early retirement from the Company once a successor is in place. Dr. Kaplan
has agreed to be available as an advisor to the CEO on R&D matters until the
summer of 2005. David Pyott, Chairman, President & CEO commented: "Dr. Kaplans
contribution to the Company has been significant as Allergans R&D team, under
his leadership, has produced a rich stream of world class innovative products,
particularly in the last 5 years as our R&D organization has undergone massive
expansion. As our R&D group has rapidly evolved, Les has built up a strong
leadership team both in clinical development and discovery. His ability to
choose winning compounds and to assemble a first class portfolio of projects has
been among his greatest and consistent achievements." Allergan is in the process
of evaluating a number of internal candidates as well as external applicants for
this critical role for ensuring Allergans long term success. Dr. Lester Kaplan
commented: "With a very strong and accomplished R&D management team in place and
a pipeline which is the most exciting in our history, I believe this is an
excellent time for an orderly transition of R&D leadership at Allergan.
Therefore, I have decided to take this opportunity to pursue personal interests
outside the sphere of the full time corporate environment." For full year 2003,
therapeutic sales accounted for approximately 60% of total BotoxÂ® sales and
therapeutic sales grew at approximately 25% in constant currency. For full year
2003, cosmetic sales accounted for approximately 40% of total BotoxÂ® sales and
cosmetic sales grew at approximately 25% in constant currency. Product and
Pipeline Update During the fourth quarter of 2003: Allergan received approval in
Canada for Combiganâ¢ (a combination product of AlphaganÂ® and timolol).
Allergan completed the acquisition of Oculex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Allergan
submitted a new drug application to the United States Food & Drug Administration
(FDA) for oral tazarotene, a highly selective retinoid, for the treatment of
moderate to severe psoriasis. Allergan received approval in the United States
from the FDA for Elestatâ¢ (epinastine ophthalmic solution 0.05%) for the
prevention of itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis. Allergan
announced that the United States District Court for the Northern District of
California ruled in favor of Allergan, Inc. and Syntex LLC in their patent
infringement suit against Apotex, Inc., Apotex Corp., and Novex Pharma (the
"Apotex Defendants"). As a result of the courts ruling, the Apotex Defendants
should not be permitted to market a generic version of AcularÂ® until U.S.
Patent No. 5,110,493 expires in 2009. Allergan secured the Asia marketing rights
for RestasisÂ® outside Japan. Following the end of the fourth quarter of 2003:
Allergan announced that the Apotex Defendants dismissed their antitrust lawsuit
against Allergan and Roche Palo Alto, LLC. The European Commission approved
LumiganÂ® as first-line therapy in the reduction of elevated intraocular
pressure in chronic open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension. Partnering
Activities Consistent with prior statements regarding maximizing the value of
Allergans assets, Allergan has initiated a process to partner LumiganÂ® in
Japan, and spin out its early stage retinoid technology. Allergan announced
plans to initiate a process to out-license the oral formulation of tazarotene
for indications in both psoriasis and acne outside North America. In North
America, Allergan currently intends to seek an acne development partner for oral
tazarotene Phase 3 clinical trials. Allergan and Inspire Pharmaceuticals Inc.
entered into a co-promotion agreement in the United States for Elestatâ¢
resulting in Inspire having the primary responsibility for selling, promotional
and marketing activities related to Elestatâ¢. Outlook For the first quarter of
2004, Allergan estimates: Total pharmaceutical only sales between $425 million
and $445 million. Adjusted diluted earnings per share between $0.58 and $0.59.
For the second and third quarters of 2004, Allergan estimates diluted earnings
per share growth between 17 percent and 19 percent compared to the second and
third quarters of 2002. For the full year of 2004, Allergan estimates: Total
pharmaceutical only sales between $1,850 million and $1,925 million.--
AlphaganÂ® Franchise sales between $200 million and $240 million.-- LumiganÂ®
sales between $210 million and $235 million.-- RestasisÂ® sales between $75
million and $95 million.-- BotoxÂ® sales between $660 million and $700
million.-- TazoracÂ® and AvageÂ® sales between $85 million and $95 million.
Contract Sales to AMO between $80 million and $100 million. Pharmaceutical only
income statement ratios as follows:-- Gross Profit approximately 83% to 84%.--
Research and Development approximately 18%.-- SG&A approximately 38% to 39%.
Full year adjusted diluted earnings per share between $2.72 and $2.75. Adjusted
diluted earnings per share guidance excludes any one-time items. Full year
diluted shares outstanding between 133 million and 134 million. Days sales
outstanding between 55 and 60 days. Days on hand inventory approximately 90
days.


Allergan Announces Dismissal Of Antitrust Lawsuit Against The Company

Jan 12, 2004

IRVINE, Calif., Jan 12, 2004 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) announced today that
Apotex, Inc., Apotex Corp., and Novex Pharma Inc. (the "Apotex Defendants")
dismissed their antitrust lawsuit against Allergan and Roche Palo Alto, LLC. The
lawsuit, which was pending in the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California, was based on allegations concerning a patent
infringement action brought by Allergan and Syntex LLC against the Apotex
Defendants. Last week, the court held in favor of Allergan and Roche in the
patent infringement action, finding that the patent at issue was valid,
enforceable and infringed by the Apotex Defendants proposed generic drug. The
patent at issue covers Allergans non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID)
ACULARÂ® (ketorolac tromethamine ophthalmic solution 0.5%).ACULARÂ® is the
number one prescribed ophthalmic NSAID in both the United States and the rest of
the world. ACULARÂ® is used for a range of conditions, including ocular allergy,
photophobia, post-surgical ocular pain, and post-surgical ocular inflammation.


Allergan Announces Victory In Acular Patent Infringement Case

Dec 31, 2003

IRVINE, Calif., Dec 31, 2003 -- Allergan (NYSE:AGN) announced today that the
United States District Court for the Northern District of California ruled in
favor of Allergan, Inc. and Syntex LLC in their patent infringement suit against
Apotex, Inc., Apotex Corp., and Novex Pharma (the "Apotex Defendants").
Specifically, after a trial that took place in the summer of 2003, the Honorable
Martin Jenkins held that U.S. Patent No. 5,110,493 (the "493 patent") covering
Allergans non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) ACULARÂ® (ketorolac
tromethamine ophthalmic solution 0.5%) is valid and enforceable against the
Apotex Defendants and their attempted generic version of ACULARÂ®. Earlier this
year, Judge Jenkins found that the Apotex Defendants proposed generic infringed
each of the 16 claims of the 493 patent and granted partial summary judgment in
favor of Allergan and Syntex. With the most recent ruling, the Apotex Defendants
should not be permitted to market a generic version of ACULARÂ® until the 493
patent expires in 2009."We are pleased that the Court upheld the validity of our
intellectual property and blocked the Apotex Defendants from launching a generic
form of our product ACULARÂ®," said Allergans Executive Vice President and
General Counsel, Douglas S. Ingram. "This is a victory for Allergan and for the
medical community. New medicines that benefit patients come only from
innovation, and respect for patents is the life blood of that
innovation."ACULARÂ® is the number one prescribed ophthalmic NSAID both in the
United States and in the world. ACULARÂ® is used for a range of conditions
including allergy, photophobia, post-surgical pain, and post-surgical
inflammation.


Allergan Reports Third Quarter Operating Results

Oct 22, 2003

(IRVINE, Calif., October 22, 2003) -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN) today announced
operating results for the third quarter ended September 26, 2003. Allergan also
announced that its Board of Directors has declared a third quarter dividend of
$0.09 per share, payable on December 5, 2003 to stockholders of record on
November 7, 2003.Operating ResultsFor the quarter ended September 26, 2003:
Allergans net sales were $443.3 million, including $21.4 million of
non-pharmaceutical product sales primarily consisting of contract manufacturing
sales to Advanced Medical Optics, Inc. (AMO), a former subsidiary that was
spun-off from Allergan on June 29, 2002. Pharmaceutical sales were up 24.1
percent, or 21.0 percent at constant currency, compared to pharmaceutical sales
in the third quarter of 2002. Allergan reported $0.57 diluted earnings per
share, including the effects of an unrealized non-cash gain on the
mark-to-market adjustment to foreign currency derivative instruments totaling
$0.1 million pre-tax, compared to the $0.28 diluted loss per share reported for
the third quarter of 2002. Allergans adjusted diluted earnings per share was
$0.57, excluding the effects of the unrealized non-cash gain, representing an
18.8 percent increase compared to the adjusted diluted earnings per share of
$0.48 reported for the third quarter of 2002. A reconciliation of the
adjustments made from reported earnings per share to adjusted earnings per share
is in the financial tables of this document. "We are extremely pleased with
Allergans continued strong pharmaceutical sales growth of over 24 percent
year-over-year and even more gratifying is that the overall growth of our
business remains broadly distributed across all of our businesses - eye care,
neuromodulators and skin care. In addition to our strong quarterly results, our
recently announced acquisition of Oculex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is further
evidence of our focus on adding quality technology to our already deep pipeline
and positioning Allergan as a premier technology driven pharmaceutical company,"
said David E.I. Pyott, Chairman of the Board, President and CEO. Product and
Pipeline Update During the third quarter of 2003: Allergan launched Acular LSâ¢
(Ketorolac Tromethamine Ophthalmic Solution 0.4%) for the reduction of ocular
pain and burning/stinging following corneal refractive surgery. Allergan
received a positive opinion in the Mutual Recognition Procedure (MRP) for
VistabelÂ® for seven additional European countries. Allergan filed with the FDA
the Biologics License Application (BLA) supplement for the use of BotoxÂ® for
hyperhidrosis in the United States. Allergan filed with the FDA a New Drug
Application (NDA) for a combination product of LumiganÂ® and timolol for the
reduction of intraocular pressure in patients with glaucoma or ocular
hypertension. Following the end of the third quarter of 2003: Allergan announced
an agreement to acquire Oculex, whose lead product PosurdexÂ® is a proprietary,
biodegradable, extended release implant that delivers dexamethasone directly to
the targeted disease site at the back of the eye. Allergan received approval in
the United States from the FDA for Elestatâ¢ (epinastine ophthalmic solution
0.05%) for the prevention of itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis.
Allergan anticipates that Elestatâ¢ will be launched in the United States in the
first quarter of 2004. Outlook For the fourth quarter of 2003, Allergan
estimates: Total worldwide sales, including contract sales to AMO, between $440
million and $460 million. Adjusted diluted earnings per share in the fourth
quarter of $0.67, an increase of 24 percent compared to the fourth quarter of
2002. For the full year of 2003: Allergan is increasing the expected range of
AlphaganÂ® Franchise sales by $20 million to between $255 million and $265
million. Allergan is increasing the range of total pharmaceutical only sales by
$20 million to between $1,600 million and $1,660 million. All other full year
sales guidance remains unchanged from the guidance provided in January 2003.
Allergans guidance on income statement ratios provided in April 2003 remains
unchanged. Full year diluted shares outstanding guidance provided in July 2003
remains unchanged. Full year adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance
remains at $2.31. Adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance excludes: -- Any
non-cash gain or loss on mark-to-market adjustments to foreign currency
derivative instruments. -- In-process research and development charges incurred
in connection with the Bardeen Sciences Company, LLC acquisition that closed in
the second quarter of 2003. -- In-process research and development charges
incurred in connection with the recently announced Oculex acquisition, which are
estimated to be as much as 75 to 90 percent of the approximate $230 million
purchase price. -- The potential write-off of any capitalized costs associated
with Allergans remaining un-retired zero-coupon convertible subordinated notes
due 2020, which Allergan may retire in November 2003.


Allergan Reports Second Quarter Operating Results

Jul 23, 2003

(IRVINE, Calif., July 23, 2003) -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN) today announced
operating results for the second quarter ended June 27, 2003. Allergan also
announced that its Board of Directors has declared a second quarter dividend of
$0.09 per share, payable on September 9, 2003 to stockholders of record on
August 12, 2003.For the quarter ended June 27, 2003, Allergans net sales were
$441.5 million, including $20.4 million of non-pharmaceutical product sales
primarily consisting of contract manufacturing sales to Advanced Medical Optics,
Inc. (AMO), a former subsidiary that was spun-off from Allergan on June 29,
2002. Excluding sales of non-pharmaceutical products, net sales were up 24.6
percent, or 21.2 percent at constant currency, compared with net sales from
continuing operations in the second quarter of 2002.For the six months ended
June 27, 2003, net sales were $832.7 million, including $41.6 million of
non-pharmaceutical product sales. Excluding sales of non-pharmaceutical
products, net sales from continuing operations were up 20.6 percent, or 18.0
percent at constant currency, compared with the first six months of 2002.
Including the effects of an unrealized non-cash loss on the mark-to-market
adjustment to foreign currency derivative instruments and charges related to the
purchase of Bardeen Sciences Company, LLC totaling $279.0 million pre-tax,
Allergan reported a diluted loss of $0.83 per share from continuing operations
for the quarter ended June 27, 2003, compared to the $0.02 diluted loss per
share reported in the same quarter of 2002. Excluding the effects of the
unrealized non-cash loss and charges related to the purchase of Bardeen Sciences
Company, LLC, Allergans adjusted diluted earnings from continuing operations
were $0.53 per share for the quarter ended June 27, 2003, a 23.3 percent
increase over the unaudited adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.43 for the
same quarter of 2002. The adjusted diluted earnings per share amount for the
quarter ended June 28, 2002 excludes certain items totaling $0.47 per share and
includes the estimated $0.02 per share impact of additional expenses that would
have been incurred in the second quarter of 2002 if Allergans specialty
pharmaceutical businesses and AMO had been operating as stand-alone companies.
Including the effects of the unrealized non-cash loss on the mark-to-market
adjustment to foreign currency derivative instruments and charges related to the
purchase of Bardeen Sciences Company, LLC totaling $279.8 million pre-tax,
Allergan reported a diluted loss of $0.29 per share from continuing operations
for the six months ended June 27, 2003, compared to the $0.28 diluted earnings
per share reported in the same period of 2002. Excluding the effects of the
unrealized non-cash loss and charges related to the purchase of Bardeen Sciences
Company, LLC, Allergans adjusted diluted earnings from continuing operations for
the six months ended June 27, 2003 were $1.07 per share, a 24.4 percent increase
over the unaudited adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.86 for the first
six months of 2002. The adjusted diluted earnings per share amount for the first
six months of 2002 excludes certain items totaling $0.62 per share and includes
the estimated $0.04 per share impact of additional expenses that would have been
incurred in the first six months of 2002 if Allergans specialty pharmaceutical
businesses and AMO had been operating as stand-alone companies. "We are
extremely pleased with the Companys results and strong growth for the second
quarter. Product approvals and launches continue to drive the expansion of our
business model as we pursue our goal of being the premier specialty
pharmaceutical company in the world. During the quarter we launched two new
products and received one new regulatory approval. These significant events, as
well as further anticipated product approvals over the next 24 months, will help
continue to drive our top and bottom lines," said David E.I. Pyott, Chairman of
the Board, President and CEO. Eye Care Pharmaceutical Product Line For the
quarter ended June 27, 2003, worldwide eye care pharmaceutical sales were $253.3
million, a 22.8 percent increase over the $206.2 million reported in the same
quarter of 2002. At constant currency, second quarter 2003 worldwide eye care
pharmaceutical sales increased 19.2 percent over the second quarter of 2002. For
the six months ended June 27, 2003, worldwide eye care pharmaceutical sales were
$474.3 million, a 14.6 percent increase, or an 11.8 percent increase at constant
currency, over the same period in 2002. For the quarter ended June 27, 2003,
worldwide net sales of AlphaganÂ® P (Brimonidine Tartrate Ophthalmic Solution
0.15%), preserved with PuriteÂ® and AlphaganÂ® (Brimonidine Tartrate Ophthalmic
Solution 0.2%) (the AlphaganÂ® Franchise) were $64.7 million, an increase of 8.0
percent, or a 4.5 percent increase at constant currency over the $59.9 million
reported in the same quarter last year. For the six months ended June 27, 2003,
worldwide net sales for the AlphaganÂ® Franchise were $142.1 million, a 5.5
percent increase, or a 2.9 percent increase at constant currency, over the same
period in 2002. For the quarter ended June 27, 2003, worldwide net sales of
LumiganÂ® (Bimatoprost Ophthalmic Solution 0.03%) were $44.9 million, an
increase of 40.8 percent, or a 35.4 percent increase at constant currency, over
the $31.9 million reported in the same quarter last year. For the six months
ended June 27, 2003, worldwide net sales for LumiganÂ® were $82.8 million, an
increase of 56.2 percent, or a 51.1 percent increase at constant currency, over
the same period in 2002. For the quarter ended June 27, 2003, sales for
Restasisâ¢ (Cyclosporine Ophthalmic Emulsion 0.05%), indicated for patients with
keratoconjunctivitis sicca (chronic dry eye disease) whose tear production is
presumed to be suppressed due to ocular inflammation, were $11.8 million. This
was the initial launch quarter for Restasisâ¢ in the United States. During the
second quarter of 2003, Allergan launched Zymarâ¢ (Gatifloxacin Ophthalmic
Solution 0.3%), an anti-infective and the first fourth generation
fluoroquinilone to enter the market. Zymarâ¢ is indicated for the treatment of
bacterial conjunctivitis caused by susceptible strains of bacteria. In addition,
during the second quarter of 2003, Allergan received approval in the United
States from the FDA for Acular LSâ¢ (Ketorolac Tromethamine Ophthalmic Solution
0.4%) for the reduction of ocular pain and burning/stinging following corneal
refractive surgery. Allergan plans to launch Acular LSâ¢in the United States
during the third quarter of 2003. During the second quarter of 2003, Allergan
announced that a generic formulation of AlphaganÂ® was approved by the FDA. The
introduction of a generic formulation of the first generation of AlphaganÂ® had
been anticipated and incorporated into financial estimates provided by Allergan
at the beginning of 2003. BotoxÂ®/Neuromodulator Product Line For the quarter
ended June 27, 2003, worldwide net sales for BotoxÂ®, BotoxÂ® Cosmetic and
VistabelÂ® (Botulinum Toxin Type A) were $143.1 million, a 27.5 percent increase
over the $112.2 million reported in the same quarter last year. At constant
currency, worldwide net sales of BotoxÂ® increased by 24.0 percent over the
second quarter of 2002. For the six months ended June 27, 2003, worldwide net
sales of BotoxÂ® were $266.2 million, a 32.6 percent increase, or a 29.7 percent
increase at constant currency, over the same period in 2002. During the second
quarter the European Commission approved BotoxÂ® for the treatment of
hyperhidrosis and Allergan currently anticipates licenses to be issued
throughout Europe over the next four to six months. Following the end of the
second quarter, Allergan achieved two additional BotoxÂ® milestones: Allergan
filed with the FDA the Biologics License Applicatio


Allergan Reports First Quarter 2003 Operating Results

Apr 28, 2003

IRVINE, Calif.-- Apr 28, 2003 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) today announced
operating results for the quarter ended March 28, 2003. Allergan also today
announced that its Board of Directors has declared a first quarter dividend of
$0.09 per share, payable on June 12, 2003 to stockholders of record on May 15,
2003.For the quarter ended March 28, 2003, Allergans net sales were $391.2
million, including $21.2 million of non-pharmaceutical product sales, primarily
consisting of contract manufacturing sales to Advanced Medical Optics, Inc.
(AMO), a former subsidiary that was spun-off from Allergan on June 29, 2002.
Excluding sales of non-pharmaceutical products, net sales were up 14.6 percent
at constant currency, compared with net sales from continuing operations in the
first quarter of 2002.Including the effect of an unrealized non-cash loss on the
mark-to-market adjustment to foreign currency derivative instruments of $0.8
million pre-tax, or $0.01 per share on an after-tax basis, Allergan reported
$0.53 diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter
ended March 28, 2003, a 76.7 percent increase over the $0.30 diluted earnings
per share reported in the same quarter of 2002. Excluding the effect of the
unrealized non-cash loss, Allergans diluted earnings from continuing operations
were $0.54 per share for the quarter ended March 28, 2003, a 25.6 percent
increase over the unaudited estimate of pro forma diluted earnings per share of
$0.43 for 2002. The 2002 pro forma earnings per share amount excludes
non-recurring items totaling $0.15 per share. In addition, the 2002 pro forma
earnings per share estimate reflects the approximate impact of additional
expenses that would have been incurred in the first three months of 2002 if
Allergans specialty pharmaceutical businesses and AMO had been operating as
stand-alone companies. "We are very pleased with the results of the first
quarter and remain poised to deliver strong earnings growth for 2003. In
addition, we are excited about the numerous product launches and product
approvals anticipated throughout 2003 and an acceleration of growth during the
remainder of 2003," said David E.I. Pyott, Chairman of the Board, President and
CEO. Eye Care Pharmaceutical Product Line First quarter 2003 worldwide eye care
pharmaceutical sales were $221.0 million, a 6.4 percent increase over the $207.8
million reported in the same quarter of 2002. At constant currency, first
quarter 2003 worldwide eye care pharmaceutical sales increased 4.6 percent over
the first quarter of 2002. For the first quarter 2003, worldwide net sales of
AlphaganÂ® (Brimonidine Tartrate Ophthalmic Solution 0.2%) and AlphaganÂ® P
(Brimonidine Tartrate Ophthalmic Solution 0.15%), preserved with PuriteÂ® (the
AlphaganÂ® Franchise) were $77.3 million, an increase of 3.3 percent, or a 1.5
percent increase at constant currency over the $74.8 million reported in the
same quarter last year. For the first quarter 2003, worldwide net sales of
LumiganÂ® (Bimatoprost Ophthalmic Solution 0.03%) were $38.0 million, an
increase of 80.1 percent, or a 75.4 percent increase at constant currency over
the $21.1 million reported in the same quarter last year. During the first
quarter of 2003, Allergan received approval for Zymarâ¢ (Gatifloxacin Ophthalmic
Solution 0.3%), an anti-infective and the first fourth-generation
fluoroquinilone to enter the market. Zymarâ¢ is indicated for the treatment of
bacterial conjunctivitis caused by susceptible strains of bacteria. Allergan
launched Zymarâ¢ in the United States in April 2003. Allergan also received
European approval for Relestatâ¢ (Epinastine Ophthalmic Solution 0.05%), for the
treatment of ocular allergy. To prepare for the European allergy season,
Allergan anticipates launching Relestatâ¢ in Europe in the fourth quarter of
2003. Allergan launched Restasisâ¢ (Cyclosporine Ophthalmic Emulsion 0.05%) in
the United States in April of 2003. Restasisâ¢ is the first and only therapy
approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for patients with
keratoconjunctivitis sicca (chronic dry eye disease), whose tear production is
presumed to be suppressed due to ocular inflammation. Shipments of Restasisâ¢
commenced at the beginning of April 2003. BotoxÂ®/Neuromodulator Product Line
First quarter 2003 worldwide net sales for BotoxÂ® and BotoxÂ® Cosmetic
(Botulinum Toxin Type A) were $123.1 million, a 38.9 percent increase over the
$88.6 million reported in the same quarter last year. At constant currency,
worldwide net sales of BotoxÂ® increased 36.9 percent over the first quarter of
2002. During the first quarter of 2003, Allergan received approval for
VistabelÂ® (the European trade name for BotoxÂ® Cosmetic) in France for the
treatment of glabellar lines (brow furrow). France will act as the Reference
Member State in the mutual recognition process for this indication within the
European Union. Allergan anticipates continued approvals for the treatment of
glabellar lines in a number of European countries during the remainder of 2003.
In addition, Allergan received a positive opinion from the Committee for
Proprietary Medicinal Products in Europe for BotoxÂ® for the treatment of
hyperhidrosis. Allergan anticipates national licenses for this indication to be
issued by individual European countries during the second half of 2003. Skin
Care Product Line First quarter 2003 worldwide net sales for Allergan skin care
products were $25.9 million, an 18.8 percent increase in constant currency over
the $21.8 million reported in the same quarter last year. For the first quarter
of 2003, worldwide net sales for the TazoracÂ® and ZoracÂ® brands, indicated for
the treatment of acne and psoriasis, combined with the sales of Avageâ¢ Cream,
indicated for the treatment of hyper- and hypo-pigmentation and fine wrinkling,
were $19.7 million, an increase of 61.5 percent over the $12.2 million reported
in the same quarter last year. On March 24, 2003, at the American Academy of
Dermatology meeting in San Francisco, California, Allergan announced the
completion of two Phase III trials for an oral formulation of Tazarotene,
investigating its use in treating moderate to severe psoriasis. Based upon those
results, Allergan anticipates filing for approval with the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration during the second half of 2003. On March 20, 2003, Allergan
announced an agreement for the co-promotion of Berlexs newly approved topical
rosacea treatment Finaceaâ¢ (Azelaic Acid Gel 15%). Additional Financial
Highlights For the first quarter of 2003, gross profit was $322.8 million, or
82.5 percent of net sales. In addition, selling, general and administrative
expenses (SG&A) amounted to $170.0 million, or 43.5 percent of net sales, and
research and development expenses amounted to $55.9 million, or 14.3 percent of
net sales. This lower research and development expense as a percentage of net
sales ratio was principally driven by the timing of key research and development
programs. At March 28, 2003, Allergans stockholders equity was $887.6 million.
Cash and equivalents were $878.3 million. Allergan had cash net of debt of
$257.7 million. Allergans debt-to-capital percentage was 41.1 percent. Allergans
days-sales-outstanding was 50 and inventory days-on-hand level was 105. Bardeen
Sciences Company, LLC Allergans Board of Directors has authorized management to
exercise the acquisition option for Bardeen Sciences Company, LLC, which is
subject to additional Federal Trade Commission approval. The acquisition will
occur through the exercise of a previously granted equity purchase option that
became operable as a result of the implications of the provisions of FASB
Interpretation No. 46. The option uses a set formula to determine the option
purchase price, which is anticipated to be between approximately $250 and $260
million. Based on a preliminary valuation and in-process resear


Allergan Reports Federal Circuit Court Of Appeals Ruling

Mar 28, 2003

IRVINE, Calif. -- Mar 28, 2003 -- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) announced today that
the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit upheld district court
orders granting motions for summary judgment by Alcon and Bausch & Lomb in
Allergans lawsuit alleging infringement of certain Allergan method of use
patents relating to AlphaganÂ® (brimonidine tartrate ophthalmic solution) 0.2%.
The case concerned proposed generic versions of AlphaganÂ®, which Allergan
voluntarily withdrew from U.S. distribution in August 2002.This ruling does not
involve and has no effect on the timing of generic versions of AlphaganÂ® P
(brimonidine tartrate ophthalmic solution) 0.15%, Allergans next-generation
AlphaganÂ® product that has an equivalent efficacy to the original AlphaganÂ®
product, but with a lower effective dose and a lower incidence of adverse events
than the original AlphaganÂ® product.


Allergan Reports Year End Operating Results

Jan 29, 2003

(IRVINE, Calif., (January 29, 2003)-- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN) today announced
operating results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2002.For the
quarter ended December 31, 2002, Allergans net sales were $378.2 million
including $17.3 million of non-pharmaceutical product sales primarily consisting
of contract manufacturing sales to Advanced Medical Optics, Inc. (AMO), a former
subsidiary that was spun-off from Allergan on June 29, 2002. Excluding sales of
non-pharmaceutical and divested products, net sales were up 19.9 percent at
constant currency, compared with net sales from continuing operations in the
fourth quarter of 2001.For the year ended December 31, 2002, net sales from
continuing operations were $1,385.0 million including $27.8 million of
non-pharmaceutical product sales. Excluding the sales of non-pharmaceutical and
divested products, net sales from continuing operations were up 20.6 percent, or
21.2 percent at constant currency, compared with 2001. Including the effect of
non-recurring pre-tax charges of $9.8 million, or $0.05 per share on an after
tax basis, Allergan reported diluted earnings per share from continuing
operations of $0.49 for the quarter ended December 31, 2002. Excluding
non-recurring pre-tax charges, Allergans diluted earnings per share from
continuing operations were $0.54 for the fourth quarter of 2002, up 25.6 percent
from the $0.43 per share unaudited estimate of pro forma diluted earnings per
share for Allergans continuing pharmaceutical operations for 2001. Including the
effect of non-recurring pre-tax charges of $261.6 million, or $1.43 per share on
an after tax basis, described in detail in the "Description of the non-recurring
items" section of this press release, Allergan reported $0.49 diluted earnings
per share from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2002.
Excluding those non-recurring pre-tax charges, Allergans diluted earnings from
continuing operations were $1.92 per share for the year ended December 31, 2002.
The 2002 unaudited estimate of pro forma diluted earnings for Allergans
continuing operations was $1.88 per share, a 27.0 percent increase over the
unaudited estimate of pro forma diluted earnings per share of $1.48 for 2001.
The pro forma earnings per share estimates reflect the approximate impact of
additional expenses that would have been incurred in 2001 and the first six
months of 2002 if Allergans specialty pharmaceutical businesses and AMO had been
operating as stand-alone companies. For the year ended December 31, 2001,
earnings per share includes amortization of goodwill of $0.02 per share. There
was no amortization of goodwill included in 2002 as a result of the adoption of
SFAS No. 142. "2002 marked a turning point in the evolution of Allergan as we
completed our journey to become a specialty pharmaceutical company. I am
particularly pleased that with all of the change, Allergan exceeded the
financial objectives we provided last January, executed the spin-off of AMO on
time, under budget, and with no service issues for any of our customers." said
David E.I. Pyott, Chairman of the Board, President and CEO. Eye Care
Pharmaceutical Product Line At constant currency and excluding products divested
at the end of 2001, fourth quarter 2002 worldwide eye care pharmaceutical sales
increased 11.3 percent over the fourth quarter of 2001. Including the effects of
currency rates and divested products, fourth quarter 2002 worldwide eye care
pharmaceutical sales amounted to $210.8 million, an 8.3 percent increase over
the $194.6 million reported in the same quarter of 2001. For the year ended
December 31, 2002, at constant currency and excluding divested products,
worldwide eye care pharmaceutical sales increased 12.7 percent over the prior
year. Including the effects of currency rates and divested products, worldwide
eye care pharmaceutical sales for the year ended 2002 amounted to $827.3
million, a 9.8 percent increase over the $753.7 million reported for 2001. Sales
of Allergans glaucoma products, comprised of AlphaganÂ® (Brimonidine Tartrate
Ophthalmic Solution 0.2%), AlphaganÂ® P (Brimonidine Tartrate Ophthalmic
Solution 0.15%) preserved with PuriteÂ® (AlphaganÂ® Franchise), LumiganÂ®
(Bimatoprost Ophthalmic Solution 0.03%), BetaganÂ®, PropineÂ® and other glaucoma
products increased by 24.6 percent at constant currency for the year ended
December 31, 2002 as compared to 2001. For the quarter ended December 31, 2002,
worldwide net product sales for the AlphaganÂ® Franchise were $64.7 million, a
decrease of 1.2 percent, or a 2.5 percent decrease at constant currency over the
$65.5 million reported in the same quarter last year. As of the week ended
December 31, 2002, new prescriptions of AlphaganÂ® P as a percentage of the new
prescriptions for the total AlphaganÂ® Franchise were 96.2 percent according to
VeriSpan (Scott Levin). For the year ended 2002, worldwide net product sales for
the AlphaganÂ® Franchise were $248.5 million, a 0.9 percent decrease, or a 1.2
percent decrease at constant currency, over 2001. For the quarter ended December
31, 2002, worldwide net product sales for LumiganÂ® were $35.1 million, an
increase of 130.8 percent, or 128.8 percent at constant currency over the same
period last year. For the year ended December 31, 2002, worldwide net product
sales for LumiganÂ® were $123.0 million, an increase of 245.8 percent, or 245.0
percent at constant currency, over 2001. LumiganÂ® sales were driven by
continued growth in U.S. market share and a successful European launch of the
product. At the end of the fourth quarter of 2002, Allergan received approval
from the FDA for RESTASISâ¢ (cyclosporine ophthalmic emulsion, 0.05%), the first
and only therapy approved by the FDA for patients with keratoconjunctivitis
sicca (chronic dry eye disease-CDED), whose tear production is presumed to be
suppressed due to ocular inflammation. Allergan anticipates launching RESTASISâ¢
in the U.S. during the second quarter of 2003. BotoxÂ®/Neuromodulator Product
Line At constant currency rates, BotoxÂ® (Botulinum Toxin Type A) fourth quarter
2002 worldwide net sales increased by 46.0 percent over the fourth quarter of
2001. Including the effects of currency rates, fourth quarter 2002 sales for
BotoxÂ® were $128.2 million, a 45.2 percent increase over the $88.3 million
reported in the same quarter last year. For the year ended December 31, 2002,
worldwide net sales of BotoxÂ® were $439.7 million, an increase of 43.1 percent
over the prior year at constant currency rates. Including the effects of
currency rates, net sales for BotoxÂ® increased 42.1 percent over the $309.5
million reported in 2001. BotoxÂ® sales primarily fall into two categories,
therapeutic and cosmetic. On a year to date basis, therapeutic sales accounted
for approximately 60 percent of total sales and grew at over 30 percent. Over
the same period, cosmetic sales accounted for approximately 40 percent of total
sales and grew at over 60 percent. Allergan currently intends to break down the
BotoxÂ® sales mix and growth rates on an annual basis in the fourth quarter of
each year. Skin Care Product Line Sales for Allergan skin care products were
$21.9 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2002, a decrease of 8.0 percent
from the $23.8 million in sales reported in the fourth quarter of 2001. Allergan
reported skin care product sales of $90.2 million for the year ended 2002, an
increase of 14.3 percent over 2001. For the quarter ended December 31, 2002,
worldwide net product sales for the TazoracÂ® and ZoracÂ® brands (Tazarotene Gel
and Cream 0.05% and 0.1%), indicated for the treatment of acne and psoriasis,
were $15.2 million, a decrease of 3.3 percent. For the year ended December 31,
2002, worldwide net product sales for TazoracÂ® and ZoracÂ® brands were $62.1
million, an increase of 36.7 percent, over the $45.4 million reported in 2001.
For the year ende


Allergan Reports Third Quarter Operating Results

Oct 24, 2002

(IRVINE, Calif., (October 24, 2002)-- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN) today announced
operating results for the quarter ended September 27, 2002. Allergans Board of
Directors declared a third quarter dividend of $0.09 per share, payable on
December 12, 2002, to stockholders of record on November 14, 2002.For the
quarter ended September 27, 2002, Allergans net sales were $350.6 million
including $10.5 million of non-pharmaceutical product sales primarily consisting
of contract manufacturing sales to Advanced Medical Optics, Inc. (AMO). Net
sales for the third quarter of 2002, excluding sales of non-pharmaceutical
products, were up 20.6 percent, or 22.5 percent at constant currency and
excluding divested products compared with net sales from continuing operations
in the third quarter of 2001. Consolidated results exclude sales and earnings
from the AMO businesses, which have been restated in the financial statements as
income from discontinued operations.For the nine months ended September 27,
2002, net sales from continuing operations were $1,006.8 million including $10.5
million of non-pharmaceutical product sales primarily consisting of contract
manufacturing sales to AMO. Net sales from continuing operations for the first
nine months of 2002, excluding sales of non-pharmaceutical products were up 19.3
percent, or 21.7 percent at constant currency and excluding divested products,
compared with net sales from continuing operations in the same period in 2001.
As reported in a separate press release, Allergan has entered into a global
settlement in principle, subject only to formal execution of definitive
agreements, with Pharmacia Corporation (NYSE: PHA) and Columbia University
resolving all intellectual property disputes regarding LumiganÂ®. Allergan has
recorded a reserve of $118.7 million in connection with the settlement.
Non-recurring items in the third quarter of 2002 amount to $138.2 million
pre-tax and include a $118.7 million pre-tax charge incurred in connection with
the global settlement in principle with Pharmacia and Columbia University of
intellectual property disputes regarding LumiganÂ®. Including the effect of
$138.2 million of pre-tax non-recurring items described in detail below,
Allergan reported a loss per share from continuing operations of $0.28 for the
third quarter ended September 27, 2002. Excluding non-recurring pre-tax charges
of $138.2 million, or $0.76 per share, Allergans diluted earnings from
continuing operations were $0.48 per share for the third quarter of 2002, up
33.3 percent from the $0.36 per share unaudited estimate of pro forma diluted
earnings for Allergans continuing pharmaceutical operations for last years third
quarter. Including the effect of the $251.8 million of non-recurring pre-tax
items described in detail below, Allergan reported zero earnings per share from
continuing operations for the nine months ended September 27, 2002. Excluding
non-recurring pre-tax charges of $251.8 million, or $1.38 per share, Allergans
diluted earnings from continuing operations were $1.38 per share for the first
nine months of 2002, up 24.3 percent from the $1.11 per share excluding
non-recurring items reported last year. For the nine months ended September 27,
2002, the unaudited estimate of pro forma diluted earnings for Allergans
continuing pharmaceutical operations was $1.34 per share, a 27.6 percent
increase over $1.05 per share for the first nine months of 2001. The pro forma
earnings per share estimates reflect the approximate impact of additional
expenses that would have been incurred in the first nine months of 2001 and the
first six months of 2002 if Allergans specialty pharmaceutical businesses and
AMO had been operating as stand-alone companies. The 2001 nine-month earnings
per share amount includes amortization of goodwill of $0.02 per share, which is
not included in 2002 as a result of the adoption of SFAS No. 142. "The 23
percent sales growth in the third quarter and 28 percent pro forma earnings per
share growth year-to-date demonstrates the strength of the Allergan products and
the Companys ability to exceed our stated objectives," said David E.I. Pyott,
Chairman of the Board, President and CEO. Description of the non-recurring items
For the quarter ended September 27, 2002, the following non-recurring items
amounted to $138.2 million pre-tax, or $0.76 per share (all per share amounts
are after tax): Reserve of $118.7 million pre-tax, or $0.65 per share associated
with the global settlement in principle with Pharmacia and Columbia University
of all intellectual property disputes involving LumiganÂ® Marked-to-market loss
on investments and related third-party collaborations of $22.2 million pre-tax,
or $0.12 per share-- the Company firmly believes the technology continues to be
viable from a development perspectivethe attached schedule further clarifies the
specific investments that were negatively impacted by the current environment in
the capital markets Gain of $5.7 million pre-tax, or $0.03 per share, on the
sale of a facility (spin-related) Duplicate operating expenses before tax of
$3.8 million, or $0.02 per share Other items that resulted in a net pre-tax gain
of $0.8 million, or zero per share, consisting of an unrealized marked-to-market
gain on derivative instruments partially offset by adjustments to the
restructuring charge and asset write-off related to the spin-off of the AMO
business For the nine months ended September 27, 2002, the following
non-recurring items amounted to $251.8 million pre-tax, or $1.38 per share (all
per share amounts are after tax): Reserve of $118.7 million pre-tax, or $0.65
per share, associated with the global settlement in principle with Pharmacia and
Columbia University of all intellectual property disputes involving LumiganÂ®
Net expenses of $101.2 million pre-tax, or $0.56 per share associated with the
spin-off of Allergans medical device business, AMO, which consist of:
Restructuring charge and asset write-off of $65.8 million pre-tax, or $0.36 per
share Duplicate operating expenses before tax of $41.1 million, or $0.23 per
share Gain of $5.7 million pre-tax, or $0.03 per share, on the sale of a
facility Marked-to-market loss on investments and related third-party
collaborations of $30.2 million pre-tax, or $0.16 per share Unrealized
marked-to-market adjustment on derivative instruments that amounted to a loss of
$2.7 million pre-tax, or $0.02 per share Gain on partnering deals of $1.0
million pre-tax, or $0.01 per share Eye Care Pharmaceutical Product Line At
constant currency and excluding products divested at the end of 2001, third
quarter 2002 eye care pharmaceutical sales increased 11.1 percent over the third
quarter of 2001. The growth rate of the eye care pharmaceutical product line was
negatively impacted by the Companys decision to focus on AlphaganÂ® P during the
quarter (discussed below). Including the effects of currency rates and divested
products, third quarter 2002 eye care pharmaceutical sales amounted to $202.5
million, an 8.6 percent increase over $186.5 million reported in the same
quarter last year. At constant currency and excluding divested products, eye
care pharmaceutical sales for the first nine months of 2002 increased 13.2
percent over the same period in the prior year. Including the effects of
currency rates and divested products, eye care pharmaceutical sales for the
first nine months of 2002 amounted to $616.5 million, a 10.3 percent increase
over the $559.1 million reported for the same period in 2001. Excluding the
negative sales impact associated with the discontinuation of AlphaganÂ® and
adjusting for the prior years launch of AlphaganÂ® P, sales of Allergans
glaucoma products, comprising of AlphaganÂ® (Brimonidine Tartrate Ophthalmic
Solution 0.2%), AlphaganÂ® P (Brimonidine Tartrate Ophthalmic Solution 0.15%)


Allergan Enters Into Settlement In Principle With Pharmacia And Columbia
University Regarding All LumiganÂ® Intellectual Property Disputes

Oct 24, 2002

(Irvine, CA, October 24, 2002) - Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN) today announced that
it has reached a global settlement in principle with Pharmacia Corporation
(NYSE: PHA) and Columbia University resolving all intellectual property disputes
regarding LumiganÂ® (bimatoprost ophthalmic solution, 0.03%) ophthalmic
solution, covering two separate patent infringement lawsuits in the U.S. and a
number of lawsuits and patent oppositions in Europe. This agreement avoids
additional legal expenses and litigation risk and ensures Allergan the rights to
sell LumiganÂ® throughout the world.Allergan will record a reserve of $118.7
million in the third quarter of 2002 related to this agreement. While Allergan,
pursuant to the agreement, will pay royalties on the sale of LumiganÂ® for a
specified time based on the future sales of LumiganÂ®, the resolution will not
have a material impact on the Companys margins and financial results in the
fourth quarter of 2002 nor the Companys guidance for 2003."While we have always
felt strongly about our legal position in the litigation with Pharmacia, we also
recognized that absent an amicable resolution, we could expect additional legal
expenses, litigation risk and diversion of management focus for the foreseeable
future. We are pleased to have reached a resolution that will enable us to focus
our efforts and resources on expanding our eye care franchise worldwide, " said
David E.I. Pyott, Chairman of the Board, President and CEO of Allergan. It is
anticipated that final agreements documenting the settlement will be signed in
the next few days. LumiganÂ® was approved in the U.S. in 2001 and in Europe in
2002. It is indicated for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure (IOP)
in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension who are intolerant
of other IOP-lowering medications or insufficiently responsive (failed to
achieve target IOP determined after multiple measurements over time) to another
IOP- lowering medication.


Allergans Ceo And Cfo Affirm The Accuracy Of Its Financial Reports

Aug 13, 2002

IRVINE, Calif.--Aug. 13, 2002--Allergans Chairman of the Board, President and
Chief Executive Officer David E.I. Pyott and Allergans Corporate Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer Eric K. Brandt, by certification letter to the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), today affirmed the accuracy of
Allergans Form 10-K report for 2001; Form 10-Q reports for the first and second
quarters of 2002; Allergans 2002 proxy statement to stockholders and other
recent filings. These actions are n response to a June 27, 2002 order by the SEC
requiring 947 companies to certify the accuracy of their financial reports.
Additionally, accompanying Allergans Report on Form 10-Q for the second quarter
of 2002, Messrs. Pyott and Brandt, in compliance with Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, certified that the Form 10-Q fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
Allergan.


Allergan Reports Second Quarter Operating Results

Jul 24, 2002

IRVINE, Calif., July 24, 2002)-- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN) today announced
operating results for the quarter ended June 28, 2002. Allergan also today
announced that its Board of Directors has declared a second quarter dividend of
$0.09 per share, payable on September 19, 2002 to stockholders of record on
August 22, 2002.ALLERGAN & ADVANCED MEDICAL OPTICS CONSOLIDATEDAllergan and
Advanced Medical Optics, Inc. (AMO), which was spun-off from Allergan on June
29, 2002, reported consolidated net sales of $475.7 million for the quarter
ended June 28, 2002. Worldwide net sales increased 14.0 percent, or 15.4 percent
at constant currency rates excluding divested products, over the second quarter
of 2001. At constant currency rates and excluding divested products, sales for
the six months ended June 28, 2002 increased by 14.1 percent over the first six
months of 2001. Including the impact of currency rates and divested products,
sales for the first six months ended June 28, 2002 were $907.9 million, an 11.6
percent increase over the six months ended June 29, 2001. Allergan and AMO
reported consolidated diluted earnings per share of $0.03 for the second quarter
ended June 28, 2002. Excluding pre-tax restructuring, asset write-off and
duplicate operating expenses of $94.4 million, or $0.51 per share, and an
unrealized loss on derivatives of $0.03 per share, the second quarter
consolidated diluted earnings per share were $0.57. For the six months ended
June 28, 2002, Allergan and AMO reported consolidated diluted earnings per share
of $0.36. Excluding pre-tax restructuring, asset write-off and duplicate
operating expenses of $116.6 million, or $0.63 per share, a $0.04 per share
unrealized loss on derivative instruments, a $0.01 per share gain on partnering
deals, and a $0.04 per share loss on equity investments, consolidated diluted
earnings per share for the six months ended June 28, 2002 amounted to $1.06. At
June 28, 2002, Allergans net worth was $843.5 million. The Company held $854.8
million in cash and cash equivalents at June 28, 2002. Allergans debt-to-capital
percentage was 51 percent at June 28, 2002. Allergans and AMOs consolidated debt
of $865.7 million includes $297.2 million of new debt that was incurred by AMO
in connection with its separation from Allergan. The Companys
days-sales-outstanding was 64 and inventory days-on-hand level was 114. ALLERGAN
SPECIALTY PHARMACEUTICAL (ONLY) PERFORMANCE At constant currency rates and
excluding divested products, worldwide second quarter sales increased 23.8
percent over the comparable period last year for Allergans specialty
pharmaceutical businesses, including the eye care pharmaceutical,
BotoxÂ®/neuromodulator and skin care product lines. Net specialty pharmaceutical
sales were $338.0 million for the quarter ended June 28, 2002. Excluding the
unrealized non-cash loss on foreign currency derivative instruments of $0.02 per
share, charges associated with the spin-off of AMO, including a restructuring
charge and asset write-off of $0.28 per share and duplicate operating expenses
of $0.17 per share, carve-out diluted earnings for Allergans specialty
pharmaceutical businesses amounted to $0.45 per share for the quarter ended June
28, 2002. For the quarter ended June 28, 2002, the unaudited estimate of
Allergans specialty pharmaceutical businesses pro forma diluted earnings was
$0.43 per share, a 22.9% increase over $0.35 per share for last years second
quarter. The pro forma earnings per share estimates reflect the approximate
impact of additional expenses that would have been incurred in the second
quarters of both 2001 and 2002 if Allergans specialty pharmaceutical businesses
and AMO had been operating as stand-alone companies. Including the above
restructuring and special charges and the unrealized loss on derivative
instruments, Allergans specialty pharmaceutical businesses reported a carve-out
loss per share for the quarter ended June 28, 2002 of $0.02. Excluding the net
year-to-date unrealized non-cash loss on derivative instruments of $0.02 per
share, charges associated with the spin-off of AMO, including a restructuring
charge and asset write-off of $0.36 per share and duplicate operating expenses
of $0.21 per share, and other one-time items of $0.03 per share, carve-out
diluted earnings for Allergans specialty pharmaceutical businesses for the first
six months of 2002 were $0.90 per share. For the six months ended June 28, 2002,
the unaudited estimate of pro forma diluted earnings for Allergans specialty
pharmaceutical businesses was $0.86 per share, a 22.9% increase over $0.70 per
share for the first half of 2001. The pro forma earnings per share estimates
reflect the approximate impact of additional expenses that would have been
incurred in the first six months of both 2001 and 2002 if Allergans specialty
pharmaceutical businesses and AMO had been operating as stand-alone companies.
The 2001 six-month earnings per share amount includes amortization of goodwill
of $0.01 per share, which is not included in 2002 as a result of the adoption of
SFAS No. 142. Including the restructuring and special charges related to the AMO
spin-off and the unrealized loss on derivative instruments, the loss on equity
investment and gain on partnering deals, Allergan reported carve-out diluted
earnings per share of $0.28 for the first six months of 2002. "Regulatory
approvals received over the last 18 months continue to fuel Allergans top-line
growth. Allergan has completed the strategic spin-off of AMO on time and
according to our business plan, at a time of accelerating sales and earnings
strength. With the focus of two management teams on their respective
pharmaceutical and medical device businesses, the prospects for both companies
are extremely exciting," said Allergan Chairman, President and CEO, David E.I.
Pyott. Eye Care Pharmaceutical Product Line At constant currency rates and
excluding divested products, second quarter 2002 worldwide eye care
pharmaceutical sales increased 15.5 percent over the second quarter of 2001.
Including the effects of currency rates and divested products, second quarter
worldwide eye care pharmaceutical sales amounted to $206.2 million, a 12.7
percent increase over last years $182.9 million. At constant currency rates and
excluding divested products, worldwide eye care pharmaceutical sales for the
first six months of 2002 increased 14.3 percent over the same period in the
prior year. Including the effects of currency rates and divested products,
six-month worldwide eye care pharmaceutical sales for 2002 amounted to $414.0
million, an 11.1 percent increase over last years $372.6 million. Worldwide net
product sales for the AlphaganÂ® ophthalmic solutions product line, which
includes both AlphaganÂ® (Brimonidine Tartrate Ophthalmic Solution 0.2%) and
AlphaganÂ® P (Brimonidine Tartrate Ophthalmic Solution 0.15%), preserved with
PuriteÂ®, indicated for lowering intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with
ocular hypertension and primary open angle glaucoma, were $59.9 million in the
second quarter of 2002, an increase of 4.5 percent, or 4.3 percent at constant
currency rates over the same period last year. For the six months ended June 28,
2002, worldwide net product sales for the AlphaganÂ® ophthalmic solutions
product line amounted to $134.7 million, an increase of 8.9 percent, or 9.4
percent at constant currency rates over the same period last year. Worldwide net
product sales of LumiganÂ® (Bimatoprost Ophthalmic Solution 0.03%), indicated
for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with
open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension who are intolerant of other
IOP-lowering medications or insufficiently responsive to another IOP-lowering
medication, were $31.9 million for the second quarter and $53.0 million for the
six months ended June 28, 2002. At constant currency rates, Allergans sales of
glaucoma


Allergan Announces Its Intention To File Expedited Appeal With The Federal
Circuit

May 09, 2002

(Irvine, CA, May 9, 2002) Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN) announced today that it
will file an expedited appeal with the Federal Circuit Court of Appeal to
overturn an order granting Alcon's motion for summary judgment in Allergan's
lawsuit against Alcon for infringement of certain of Allergan's method of use
patents relating to AlphaganÂ® (brimonidine tartrate ophthalmic solution)
0.2%."This order does not end the litigation" explained Douglas S. Ingram,
Allergan's Corporate Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary. "The
primary issue presented by the motion for summary judgment was a narrow but
significant legal one regarding patent infringement lawsuits involving
pharmaceutical method of use patents. Although the other Federal District Courts
that have considered the issue have concluded otherwise, in this case the
District Court for the Central District of California â[#x20ac]" Southern
Division â[#x20ac]" ruled that holders of pharmaceutical method of use patents
cannot sue for inducement of patent infringement under 35 U.S.C. Section
271(e)(2)(A). This ruling is, in Allergan's opinion, inconsistent with
applicable federal statutes, contrary to the applicable federal case law, and if
allowed to stand will have a negative impact on pharmaceutical innovation by
potentially removing from pharmaceutical companies a motivation to seek new
patented uses for existing products."A similar legal issue is already before the
Federal Circuit in a matter entitled Warner-Lambert v. Apotex, No. 02-1073. That
matter should be fully briefed by the end of May 2002 and a ruling from the
Federal Circuit is expected as early as the summer of 2002. Additionally, it is
Allergan's understanding that Allergan's matter could be briefed, heard and
decided by the Federal Circuit on an expedited basis and before an Abbreviated
New Drug Application ("ANDA") could reasonably be expected to issue for any
generic product. Allergan is hopeful that the Federal Circuit will follow the
other District Courts that have examined this legal issue and reverse the order
for summary judgment. If so, the matter would proceed in the District Court and
any ANDA approval for generic brimonidine tartrate ophthalmic solution 0.2%
would not be approved until the sooner of an unfavorable decision in the
litigation or the expiration of 30 months from the original ANDA filing. This
ruling does not expedite the approval of an ANDA for generic brimonidine
tartrate ophthalmic solution 0.2%. Consistent with Allergan's prior analysis, in
the absence of a ruling in Allergan's favor in its patent infringement lawsuit
against Alcon and Bausch & Lomb, the Company, relying on average ANDA approval
times published by the FDA, still does not expect an ANDA for generic
brimonidine tartrate ophthalmic solution 0.2% until some time after the first
quarter of 2003. Additionally, this ruling does not in any way involve and has
no effect on the timing of a generic version of AlphaganÂ® P (brimonidine
tartrate ophthalmic solution, 0.15%), Allergan's next-generation AlphaganÂ®
product that has an equivalent efficacy to original AlphaganÂ®, but with a lower
effective dose, a greater tolerability, and a lower incidence of adverse events
than original AlphaganÂ®. Allergan has FDA marketing exclusivity for AlphaganÂ®
P through September of 2004.


Allergan Announces Quarterly Conference Call

Apr 15, 2002

(IRVINE, California, April 15, 2002) - Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN) invites you to
listen to David Pyott, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive
Officer, and Eric Brandt, Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,
discuss the Companys 2002 first quarter results on Monday, April 22, 2002. The
live Web cast can be accessed through the Allergan Web site, www.allergan.com,
beginning at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time. A replay of the discussion will also be
available from Monday, April 22, 2002 at 11:00 a.m. Pacific Time until
Wednesday, April 24, 2002 at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time and can be accessed through
www.allergan.com 1-800-964-4650 for domestic locations, or 1-402-998-1124 for
international locations. A passcode will not be required.


Allergan Announces Quarterly Conference Call

Jan 15, 2002

(IRVINE, California, January 15, 2002) - Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN) invites you
to listen to David Pyott, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive
Officer, and Eric Brandt, Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,
discuss the Companys 2001 fourth quarter and year end results on Tuesday,
January 22, 2002. The live Web cast can be accessed through the Allergan Web
site, www.allergan.com, beginning at 5:00 a.m. Pacific Time. A replay of the
discussion will also be available from Tuesday, January 22, 2002 at 8:00 a.m.
until Thursday, January 24, 2002 at 7:00 a.m. Pacific Time and can be accessed
through www.allergan.com, 1-800-633-8284 for domestic locations, or
1-858-812-6440 for international locations. Enter reservation #20258090, a
passcode will not be required.It is Allergans policy to comply fully with
Regulation FD. Therefore, Allergan intends to utilize this Web casted conference
call to discuss financially oriented goals and objectives and to disclose
material Company and industry-based topics in an open manner. The Company does
not plan to report or comment on its progress during the quarter. Any statement
made by others with respect to progress mid-quarter cannot be attributed to the
Company. During a quarter, the Companys commentary will be limited to
discussions of public information, such as historic financial performance, and
matters that are deemed to be immaterial. Allergan will make no comments with
respect to market rumors or speculation.


Allergan Announces Quarterly Conference Call

Oct 17, 2001

(IRVINE, California, October 17, 2001) â[#x20ac]" Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN)
invites you to listen to David Pyott, President, Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman of the Board, and Eric Brandt, Corporate Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer, discuss the Companys 2001 third quarter results on Wednesday,
October 24, 2001. The live Web cast can be accessed through the Allergan Web
site, www.allergan.com, beginning at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time. A replay of the
discussion will also be available from Wednesday, October 24, 2001 at 11:00 a.m.
until Friday, October 26, 2001 at 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time and can be accessed
through www.allergan.com, 1-800-633-8284 for domestic locations, or
1-858-812-6440 for international locations. Enter reservation #19858197, a
passcode will not be required.It is Allergan's policy to comply fully with
Regulation FD. Therefore, Allergan intends to utilize this Web casted conference
call to discuss financially oriented goals and objectives and to disclose
material Company and industry-based topics in an open manner. The Company does
not plan to report or comment on its progress during the quarter. Any statement
made by others with respect to progress mid-quarter cannot be attributed to the
Company. During a quarter, the Company's commentary will be limited to
discussions of public information, such as historic financial performance, and
matters that are deemed to be immaterial. Allergan will make no comments with
respect to market rumors or speculation.


Allergan Announces Quarterly Conference Call

Jul 20, 2001

(IRVINE, California, July 20, 2001) â[#x20ac]" Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN)
invites you to listen to David Pyott, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
Executive Officer, and Eric Brandt, Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer, discuss the Companys 2001 second quarter results on Thursday, July 26,
2001. The live Web cast can be accessed through the Allergan Web site,
www.allergan.com , beginning at 7:00 a.m. Pacific Time. A replay of the
discussion will also be available from Thursday, July 26, 2001 at 11:00 a.m.
Pacific Time until Saturday, July 28, 2001 at 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time and can be
accessed through www.allergan.com, 1-800-633-8284 for domestic locations, or
1-858-812-6440 for international locations. Enter reservation #19266397, a
passcode will not be required.It is Allergan's policy to comply fully with
Regulation FD. Therefore, Allergan intends to utilize this Web casted conference
call to discuss financially oriented goals and objectives and to disclose
material Company and industry-based topics in an open manner. The Company does
not plan to report or comment on its progress during the quarter. Any statement
made by others with respect to progress mid-quarter cannot be attributed to the
Company. During a quarter, the Company's commentary will be limited to
discussions of public information, such as historic financial performance, and
matters that are deemed to be immaterial. Allergan will make no comments with
respect to market rumors or speculation.


Allergan Reports 15.6% Increase In Earnings Per Share To $0.37 For The First
Quarter, Excluding One-Time Items

Apr 24, 2001

IRVINE, California, April 24, 2001)-- Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN) today announced
worldwide sales increased by 8.8 percent or $33.0 million over the first quarter
last year, at constant currency rates. Including the effects of currency,
worldwide sales for the quarter ended March 30, 2001 were $396.1 million, an
increase of 5.3 percent over $376.2 million reported in last year's first
quarter.Allergan reported diluted earnings per share of $0.39 and $0.33 for the
first quarters of 2001 and 2000, respectively. Excluding a non-recurring loss
from the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle (adoption of SFAS
No. 133 discussed later in this document), an unrealized gain on derivative
instruments and a non-recurring investment gain, Allergan's diluted earnings per
share for the first quarter of 2001, increased 15.6 percent to $0.37 compared
with $0.32 for last year's first quarter."It's been a blockbuster period for
product approvals for Allergan. The recent approvals for LumiganÂ® and
AlphaganÂ® P by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), BOTOX CosmeticÂ® by
the Canadian Health Authorities and SensarÂ® by the Ministry of Health and
Welfare in Japan are the result of our aggressive investment in Allergan's
research and development pipeline. Additionally, in the consumer eye care
business, Allergan received approval for Consept OneStepÂ® in Japan and the new
no rub claim for CompleteÂ® in the U.S and Europe. This focus on technology,
along with our full commitment toward the successful launch of these new
products, places Allergan at the beginning of a new cycle of growth, " said
David E.I. Pyott, President and Chief Executive Officer. "The continuous
creation and development of new proprietary technology is essential to the
ongoing success of any pharmaceutical company. Allergan is absolutely committed
to dynamic innovation, the fulfillment of unmet medical needs, and the creation
of further stockholder value," Pyott added. Specialty Pharmaceutical Performance
Eye Care Pharmaceutical Product Line At constant currency rates, first quarter
worldwide eye care pharmaceutical sales increased 7.5 percent or $13.5 million
compared with the first quarter of 2000. Including the effects of currency,
first quarter 2001 worldwide eye care pharmaceutical sales amounted to $188.0
million, a 5.0 percent increase over last year's $179.1 million. Year-over-year
comparisons are difficult since the first quarter of 2000 was exceptionally
strong due to Y2K-related restocking of pharmaceutical products. Anticipating
increased inventory build from Y2K concerns, the Company held distributors'
inventories down in the fourth quarter of 1999. For the first quarter of 2001,
worldwide net product sales of AlphaganÂ® (Brimonidine Tartrate Ophthalmic
Solution 0.2%), indicated for lowering intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients
with ocular hypertension or primary open angle glaucoma, were $66.5 million, a
5.1 percent increase over the same period last year, or a 6.5 percent increase
at constant currency. During the first quarter of 2001, Allergan received U.S.
FDA approval for both LumiganÂ® (Bimatoprost Ophthalmic Solution 0.03%) and
AlphaganÂ® P (Brimonidine Tartrate Ophthalmic Solution 0.15%) preserved with
PuriteÂ®. LumiganÂ® is indicated for the reduction of elevated intraocular
pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension who
are intolerant of other IOP-lowering medications or insufficiently responsive to
another IOP- lowering medication. AlphaganÂ® P is a topical treatment for
elevated intraocular pressure in patients with glaucoma or ocular hypertension.
Lumiganâ¢ as officially launched the second week of April. AlphaganÂ® P is
expected to be available in the next six months. Additionally in the quarter,
Allergan licensed the right to develop and commercialize ATX-S10, an early stage
compound used for photodynamic therapy to treat age-related macular degeneration
from Photochemical Co., Ltd. of Japan. Skin Care Product Line Sales for Allergan
skin care products were $18.0 million for the quarter ended March 30, 2001, an
increase of 14.6 percent from the $15.7 million reported in the first quarter of
last year. Worldwide net sales for TazoracÂ® and ZoracÂ® brands (Tazarotene Gel
0.05% and 0.10%), indicated for the treatment of acne and psoriasis, were $8.4
million in the first quarter of 2001, a 21.7 percent increase over the same
period last year. TazoracÂ® total prescription and new prescription growth in
the U.S. increased over the first quarter of last year by 66.7 percent and 74.3
percent, respectively. BOTOXÂ®/Neurotoxin Product Line At constant currency
rates, BOTOXÂ® (Botulinum Toxin Type A) Purified Neurotoxin Complex net sales
increased by 33.5 percent over the first quarter of 2000. Including the effects
of currency, sales for BOTOXÂ® were $67.6 million during the first quarter of
2001, up 30.0 percent over the $52.0 million reported in last year's first
quarter. During the quarter, the Company received regulatory approval from
Canadian Health Authorities (Therapeutic Products Programme) for BOTOX
CosmeticÂ® for the treatment of glabellar lines (brow furrow) associated with
corrugator and/or procerus muscle activity. This represents Allergan's first
cosmetic approval based on its Phase 3 clinical program. Also in the first
quarter, the Company submitted a Supplemental Biologics License Application
(SBLA) with the U. S. FDA and a variation to its Marketing Authorization license
in France for BOTOXÂ® in the treatment of glabellar lines. France will serve as
the Reference Member State during the process of including this indication in
our label in Europe under the Mutual Recognition Procedure. Ophthalmic Surgical
and OTC Performance Ophthalmic Surgical Product Line At constant currency rates,
ophthalmic surgical sales for the first quarter of 2001 increased 5.7 percent
compared to the prior-year first quarter. Including the effects of currency,
sales for the ophthalmic surgical business were $56.7 million during the first
quarter of 2001, compared with sales of $56.5 million reported in the same
period last year. Slower surgical growth was primarily caused by conditions in
the U.S. business. The slowdown in the U.S. economy appears to have negatively
impacted both the capital equipment market, including phacoemulsification
machines, and the number of elective cataract surgery procedures. Following the
end of the quarter, SensarÂ® , Allergan's foldable acrylic intraocular lens
indicated for the treatment of cataracts, was approved by the Ministry of Health
and Welfare in Japan. Additionally, Allergan has expanded its multi-year
distribution agreement with SIS AG Surgical Instrument Systems of Biel
Switzerland to include worldwide rights to commercialize the AmadeusÂ®
microkeratome used in refractive surgery. Contact Lens Care Product Line At
constant currency rates, contact lens care sales for the first quarter of 2001
decreased 4.7 percent compared with the first quarter of 2000. Including the
effects of currency, sales for the contact lens care business were $65.8 million
for the quarter ended March 30, 2001, a decrease of 9.7 percent over last year's
first quarter sales of $72.9 million. While the Company continued to see sales
decline in its hydrogen peroxide-based contact lens care systems, worldwide net
product sales for CompleteÂ® Multi-Purpose Solution, indicated for soft contact
lens care, amounted to $31.6 million, a 26.4 percent increase over the same
period last year, or a considerable 32.8 percent increase at constant currency,
in the first quarter of 2001. During the quarter, CompleteÂ® Multi-Purpose
Solution was approved in the U.S. and Europe for cleaning frequent-replacement
(30 days or less) soft contact lenses without having to rub them. Extensive
tests, meeting FDA requirements, confirmed that daily use of CompleteÂ®cleans
lenses without rubbing so that thi


Allergan Announces Quarterly Conference Call

Apr 18, 2001

(IRVINE, California, April 18, 2001) â[#x20ac]" Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN)
invites you to listen to David Pyott, President and Chief Executive Officer, and
Eric Brandt, Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, discuss the
Companys 2001 first quarter results on Tuesday, April 24, 2001. The live Web
cast can be accessed through the Allergan Web site, www.allergan.com, beginning
at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time. A replay of the discussion will also be available
from Tuesday, April 24, 2001 at Noon Pacific Time until Thursday, April 26, 2001
at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time and can be accessed through www.allergan.com,
1-800-633-8284 for domestic locations, or 1-858-812-6440 for international
locations. Enter reservation #18615598, a passcode will not be required.It is
Allergan's policy to comply fully with Regulation FD. Therefore, Allergan
intends to utilize this Web casted conference call to discuss financially
oriented goals and objectives and to disclose material Company and
industry-based topics in an open manner. The Company does not plan to report or
comment on its progress during the quarter. Any statement made by others with
respect to progress mid-quarter cannot be attributed to the Company. During a
quarter, the Company's commentary will be limited to discussions of public
information, such as historic financial performance, and matters that are deemed
to be immaterial. Allergan will make no comments with respect to market rumors
or speculation.


Allergan Announces Quarterly Conference Call

Jan 24, 2001

(IRVINE, California, January 24, 2001) â[#x20ac]" Allergan, Inc. (NYSE: AGN)
invites you to listen to David Pyott, President and Chief Executive Officer, and
Eric Brandt, Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, discuss the
Companys 2000 fourth quarter results on Wednesday, January 31, 2001. The live
Web cast can be accessed through the Allergan Web site, www.allergan.com,
beginning at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time. A replay of the discussion will also be
available from Wednesday, January 31, 2001 at Noon Pacific Time until Friday,
February 2, 2001 at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time and can be accessed through
www.allergan.com, 1-800-633-8284 for domestic locations, or 1-858-812-6440 for
international locations. Enter reservation #17644155, a passcode will not be
required.It is Allergan's policy to comply fully with Regulation FD. Therefore,
Allergan intends to utilize this Web casted conference call to discuss
financially oriented goals and objectives and to disclose material Company and
industry-based topics in an open manner. The Company does not plan to report or
comment on its progress during the quarter. Any statement made by others with
respect to progress mid-quarter cannot be attributed to the Company. During a
quarter, the Company's commentary will be limited to discussions of public
information, such as historic financial performance, and matters that are deemed
to be immaterial. Allergan will make no comments with respect to market rumors
or speculation.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Investment Analysis
Corporate Strategy                      Company Overview
Company Product Pipeline Analysis       Company Statement
Events                                  History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
SWOT Analysis                           Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016


                              625 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           September 26, 2011 Monday

Two cheers;
Culture has a big impact

SECTION: Pg. A-14

LENGTH: 566 words


If Jacksonville attracted a new business with a $60.8 million impact, the city
would be cheering.

But that impact is all around us and strangely is not fully appreciated.

We don't tend to think of music, dance, visual arts, theater, history and arts
education as economic drivers. But they are.

Consider this: 190 full-time jobs, 106 part-time jobs and 395 independent
contract positions.

And don't take for granted the volunteers: 9,965 of them who donated almost
160,000 hours.

Would this have received more attention if it were a sport? Maybe.

Such is the lot of the nonprofit arts and culture industry in 2010 - the source
of that impact.

It was documented by the Northeast Florida Center for Community Initiatives at
the University of North Florida.

The study measured the economic contributions of 25 nonprofit arts and cultural
groups that received funding from the city of Jacksonville's Cultural Service
Grant program. The study was commissioned by the Cultural Council of Greater
Jacksonville.

Imagine what the impact must be for all the other cultural groups in
Jacksonville. "The impact must be staggering," the report stated

The point of the study is to bring home the impact of relatively small city
government contributions that are parlayed into much greater impacts in the
community. The nonprofit community is expert at turning a small amount of seed
money into beautiful art, music and dance.

"If jobs and expenditures were the sole measurements of our work, we would have
a compelling story to tell," said Robert Arleigh White, executive director of
the Cultural Council in a news release.

"But the importance of arts and culture are not fully measured in those terms.
Tourism, downtown revitalization, educational enhancements and the retention of
a high-wage work force are important assets offered by our cultural partners to
the people of Jacksonville - not to mention what they provide in entertainment,
enjoyment and enrichment."

This report provides more proof that it's a good investment.

PROTECTING THE BEACH

Maybe Florida residents take the beaches for granted because they are so easily
available. Whatever the case, we don't take care of our beaches like we should.

That became abundantly clear after local volunteers took part in a three-day
cleanup near the Jacksonville Beach Pier.

The 155 volunteers picked up 33,957 cigarette butts, according to a news
release. It's incredible that people would be so indifferent to one of the
region's true treasures.

On the positive side, maybe the publicity will shame some of the offenders into
taking better care of the beaches, something that would take only minimal effort
on their part.

Another beach cleanup is being planned for next year.

The sponsors were Volcom, SweetWater Brewing Co., Mellow Mushroom of
Jacksonville Beach and Keepers of the Coast.

They and the many volunteers are to be thanked and encouraged to keep the
cleanups going for many years.

FAST FACTS

Since 2001: An economic impact of over $650 million by the cultural arts
community in Jacksonville.

QUOTABLE

"The arts and culture industry in Duval County represents one of the major
economic influences within our community. As an industry, arts and culture
represent a major employer; as an investment, arts and culture represent an
excellent return on the dollar for both supporters and taxpayers."

Source: Study by Northeast Florida Center for Community Initiatives at UNF

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Florida Times-Union


                              626 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                            October 23, 2015 Friday
                          Worcester TheBanner Edition

School committee looks at numbers

BYLINE: Banner Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; 8

LENGTH: 896 words


BOYLSTON - The Berlin and Boylston schools have had "a drastic enrollment
decrease," Superintendent of Schools Nadine Ekstrom told the Regional School
Committee recently.

With an average of 80 students in the third through 11th grades, kindergarten
through grade 2 has an average between 50 and 60.

The regional high school has three less school choice students than last year,
with six more in Boylston and two more in Berlin.

Home-schooling numbers have remained stable, with a total of 33 students from 20
families; last year, there were 18 families and 30 students.

Bulking up the smaller population grades by adding school choice students would
not necessarily work, Ekstrom said when asked about that option.

"It doesn't make sense to have to add a classroom," she said of the economic
impact.

The board then approved a letter urging continued denial of a proposed
biotechnology charter school in Shrewsbury.

Although the commissioner of education denied the application, it could be acted
on again later, Ekstrom said, and the board opposes the plan.

Ekstrom said it could have a negative impact on the schools, drawing off school
choice students, but it could also attract Tahanto students involved in the
Science Technology Engineering and Math initiatives locally.

As an example of technology in the school, Tahanto received a $20,000 Fuller
Foundation grant for new computer software and hardware to support expansion in
the music technology class.

"It has become a popular course," Ekstrom said.

MCAS

A review of MCAS scores showed Tahanto students remain high achievers even as
department heads cautioned the school committee about the numbers.

A chief concern was the impact a single student's performance could have ...
even if they didn't take the test.

That issue arose with a student who had an alternate assessment, but was
included in the warning/failed category.

That single student's alternative assessment dropped the schools from last
year's 100 percent in the advanced and proficient categories to 96 percent,
department head Peter Doherty explained.

"It's a moral crisis what we're doing to our students," Doherty said of the
testing process. "There is too much testing. We're trying to offer so much
more."

Science department head Lisa Sequeira said that these days, "kids are so used to
being structured and coddled. I'm looking at - can these kids do things," rather
than just taking tests, to prepare them for life.

Budget

An early look at next year's budget numbers includes some potential hikes.

Director of Financial Services Julie Surprenant said a projected 10.5 percent
increase includes two out-of-district placements in special education that could
add $300,000 in costs while the health insurance increase could be on the order
of 11 percent.

"It hurts us for this year," Ekstrom said of the special education costs, since
reimbursement comes the year after the school spends the funds and can then be
used the following year, making it a three-year process.

The bottom line, however: "There are still so many unknowns right now."

In other business

n Tahanto has a new mission statement, Principal Diane Tucceri said.

The statement focuses on core values and beliefs and is "our golden document for
the next year."

Next year, the school will be evaluated for its accreditation.

The values of "Determination, Education, Enrichment and Responsibility" spell
out "DEER" since using terms that would spell out "STAG" did not work, Tucceri
said.

The mission statement: "Our mission is to support and to challenge students in
achieving personal and academic excellence in a safe, collaborative and
students-centered environment."

The vision statement: "Our vision is to create a tradition of developing
responsible and reflective citizens who are college/career ready and life-long
learners."

"Everything is falling nicely into place," Tucceri said.

n Tucceri said parents at the middle/high school's open house gave feedback on
the new process, which included following their child's schedule and getting 10
minutes in each class.

Many expressed satisfaction with the new approach, including board members.

"I didn't expect to like it," Boylston member Lorie Martiska said. "But, I
learned a ton by going through that process."

The committee discussed the issue of early start times for schools.

"This is becoming a hot topic and I want to be able to support the school
committee position," Ekstrom said.

"It is a notion worth exploring and studying," Berlin member Clif LaPorte said.
"They've been talking about this issue for 20 years now."

Most members generally were supportive of looking at studies, but most said
there was not a major issue with the times.

A change would also affect after school-activities from sports to jobs.

"There's no guarantee they are going to get more sleep," Boylston member Matt
Lozoraitis said.

"We represent our constituents," Berlin member Angela Yildiz said. "I would want
to know what students, parents and teachers want ... Personally, the schedule
works well for my kids."

"This is a very difficult topic," Ekstrom said, adding, "We have terrific
attendance," which could indicate the start time is not an issue at Tahanto.

Tucceri said attendance for the first 28 days of school was 98.2 percent for
students and 97.2 percent for teachers.

"This district is different in many ways," from others, Ekstrom said. "If it's
not broke, don't fix it."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2015 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                            October 23, 2015 Friday
                         Worcester Clinton Item Edition

School committee looks at numbers

BYLINE: Item Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; 16

LENGTH: 899 words


BOYLSTON -The Berlin and Boylston schools have had "a drastic enrollment
decrease," Superintendent of Schools Nadine Ekstrom told the Regional School
Committee recently.

With an average of 80 students in the third through 11th grades, kindergarten
through grade 2 has an average between 50 and 60.

The regional high school has three less school choice students than last year,
with six more in Boylston and two more in Berlin.

Home-schooling numbers have remained stable, with a total of 33 students from 20
families; last year, there were 18 families and 30 students.

Bulking up the smaller population grades by adding school choice students would
not necessarily work, Ekstrom said when asked about that option.

"It doesn't make sense to have to add a classroom," she said of the economic
impact.

The board then approved a letter urging continued denial of a proposed
biotechnology charter school in Shrewsbury.

Although the commissioner of education denied the application, it could be acted
on again later, Ekstrom said, and the board opposes the plan.

Ekstrom said it could have a negative impact on the schools, drawing off school
choice students, but it could also attract Tahanto students involved in the
Science Technology Engineering and Math initiatives locally.

As an example of technology in the school, Tahanto received a $20,000 Fuller
Foundation grant for new computer software and hardware to support expansion in
the music technology class.

"It has become a popular course," Ekstrom said.

MCAS

A review of MCAS scores showed Tahanto students remain high achievers even as
department heads cautioned the school committee about the numbers.

A chief concern was the impact a single student's performance could have ...
even if they didn't take the test.

That issue arose with a student who had an alternate assessment, but was
included in the warning/failed category.

That single student's alternative assessment dropped the schools from last
year's 100 percent in the advanced and proficient categories to 96 percent,
department head Peter Doherty explained.

"It's a moral crisis what we're doing to our students," Doherty said of the
testing process. "There is too much testing. We're trying to offer so much
more."

Science department head Lisa Sequeira said that these days, "kids are so used to
being structured and coddled. I'm looking at - can these kids do things," rather
than just taking tests, to prepare them for life.

Budget

An early look at next year's budget numbers includes some potential hikes.

Director of Financial Services Julie Surprenant said a projected 10.5 percent
increase includes two out-of-district placements in special education that could
add $300,000 in costs while the health insurance increase could be on the order
of 11 percent.

"It hurts us for this year," Ekstrom said of the special education costs, since
reimbursement comes the year after the school spends the funds and can then be
used the following year, making it a three-year process.

The bottom line, however: "There are still so many unknowns right now."

In other business

nTahanto has a new mission statement, Principal Diane Tucceri said.

The statement focuses on core values and beliefs and is "our golden document for
the next year."

Next year, the school will be evaluated for its accreditation.

The values of "Determination, Education, Enrichment and Responsibility" spell
out "DEER" since using terms that would spell out "STAG" did not work, Tucceri
said.

The mission statement: "Our mission is to support and to challenge students in
achieving personal and academic excellence in a safe,

SEE SCHOOL,  34

collaborative and students-centered environment."

The vision statement: "Our vision is to create a tradition of developing
responsible and reflective citizens who are college/career ready and life-long
learners."

"Everything is falling nicely into place," Tucceri said.

Tucceri said parents at the middle/high school's open house gave feedback on the
new process, which included following their child's schedule and getting 10
minutes in each class.

Many expressed satisfaction with the new approach, including board members.

"I didn't expect to like it," Boylston member Lorie Martiska said. "But, I
learned a ton by going through that process."

The committee discussed the issue of early start times for schools.

"This is becoming a hot topic and I want to be able to support the school
committee position," Ekstrom said.

"It is a notion worth exploring and studying," Berlin member Clif LaPorte said.
"They've been talking about this issue for 20 years now."

Most members generally were supportive of looking at studies, but most said
there was not a major issue with the times.

A change would also affect after school-activities from sports to jobs.

"There's no guarantee they are going to get more sleep," Boylston member Matt
Lozoraitis said.

"We represent our constituents," Berlin member Angela Yildiz said. "I would want
to know what students, parents and teachers want ... Personally, the schedule
works well for my kids."

"This is a very difficult topic," Ekstrom said, adding, "We have terrific
attendance," which could indicate the start time is not an issue at Tahanto.

Tucceri said attendance for the first 28 days of school was 98.2 percent for
students and 97.2 percent for teachers.

"This district is different in many ways" from others, Ekstrom said. "If it's
not broke, don't fix it."

From Page 16

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2015 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                   June 2011

HUD Budget Cuts Would Eliminate Counseling on Reverses

BYLINE: Amilda Dymi

SECTION: CREDIT COUNSELOR; Pg. 6 Vol. 15 No. 6

LENGTH: 855  words


A pilot program designed to avoid Home Equity Conversion Mortgage delinquencies
is gaining track among seniors in need of help at about the same time pending
legislation calls for cuts of all funding for federally mandated reverse
mortgage counseling.

The FY 2011 Continuing Appropriations Act (H.R. 1473)-scheduled to pass Congress
in mid-April-would eliminate $88 million in HECM counseling funds.

And according to insiders it is bad timing because this year HECM delinquencies
are on an upward trend.

Over 400,000 seniors whose retirement plans were negatively affected by the
financial crisis of the past few years have opted for a Home Equity Conversion
Mortgage to improve their financial situation. About 30,000 seniors age 62 and
older or 5% of all HECM holders who tapped into their home equity but did not
vacate the property are now delinquent.

Helene Raynaud, a spokesperson for the National Foundation for Credit
Counseling, which is one of only eight HECM counseling agencies that share the
grant funds, told this publication in cooperation with HUD the agencies are
addressing the problem proactively.

Long-term counseling is critical for people who have suffered a major economic
impact due to the crisis, she said.

Barbara Stucki, vice president of home equity initiatives at the National
Council on Aging-another agency that will be impacted by the cuts-called the new
budget proposal "a major setback" that increases the financial vulnerability of
elderly.

The Home Ownership and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 launched HECM as the
housing crisis started to deepen.

In 2009 HECM business growth hopefuls saw opportunity in the numbers: about 40
million homeowners aged 62-100 and about 78 million aged 55-65.

The program was seen as a lifesaver until excessive home price declines thwarted
hopes to see a HECM market boom.

However, there was enough demand from seniors who lost financial resources to
the crisis.

Earlier this year the Department of Housing and Urban Development designated an
additional $3 million to come to the rescue of reverse mortgage borrowers at
risk of foreclosure because they cannot afford to pay or have fallen behind on
their property charges. Existing funds were used to comply with the mandatory
counseling requirement that applies to all qualifying borrowers before they
receive a HECM.

The loss mitigation counseling program was launched by January, but borrower
awareness and response to the pilot program started to pick up late in February
and early March, Raynaud said. "Now we're seeing much more activity."

HUD has placed an April 29 deadline on servicers mandating they notify by letter
all HECM borrowers who are delinquent on their real estate taxes, property
insurance, or any other property charges or special assessments such as
condominium fees and homeowner's association dues.

Since HUD regulations contain specific requirements governing the payment of
property charges by the mortgagor, the program provides additional loss
mitigation options to the borrowers whose mortgage is delinquent due to unpaid
property charges. It connects these borrowers with certified HECM and loss
mitigation housing counselors free of charge.

Foreclosure is the last option in a program that was carefully designed "with
the reputational risk in mind," she said, and all options are reviewed to ensure
borrowers receive a social benefits' analysis.

NFCC has recruited 25 of its most qualified HECM and loss mitigation counselors
from 14 different member agencies across the country.

Homeowners who have been notified of their delinquency status by the servicer
and those who are not able to pay their property charges can access these
counselors dialing a toll-free number.

The lack of affordable senior housing is a long-standing problem, but according
to customer advocacy groups the problem is growing more acute.

NCA reported that for every unit of federal housing assistance that becomes
available, 10 seniors are on waiting lists.

Meanwhile the number of homeless seniors continues to increase, NCA said,
quoting survey findings that show 1.3 million elders have worst-case housing
needs with one in three seniors being economically insecure because they live on
annual incomes of less than $22,000.

These data coupled with the slow economic recovery suggest that after a HECM
foreclosure the future of retired homeowners who as a rule are more secured
financially than their peers of lesser means is also threatened by proposed
federal budget cuts that drastically reduce affordable housing and part-time job
options for seniors.

Jim Firman, president and CEO of the council, recently urged Congress and the
Obama administration to make investments in jobs and housing programs for older
Americans "who are just one bad break away from bankruptcy and homelessness."

Yet, H.R. 1473 proposes cuts of $425 million, or 51%, in the Section 202
Supportive Housing for the Elderly program and $375 million, or 45%, in the
Senior Community Service Employment Program. The bill "seriously undermines the
only federally funded jobs and housing programs" specifically designed for
low-income seniors, NCA said.

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

USDA invests $13.6 million in citrus greening research

LENGTH: 332  words

DATELINE: New York



 Van Buren: Institute of Food Technologists has issued the following news
release:



 The U.S. Dept. of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) has announced four grants totaling more than $13.6 million to
combat the citrus greening disease (Huanglongbing). The funding is made possible
through NIFA's Specialty Crop Research Initiative (SCRI) Citrus Disease Research
and Extension Program, authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill.





 "The economic impact of citrus greening disease is measured in the billions,"
said Sonny Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "NIFA investments in research are critical
measures to help the citrus industry survive and thrive, and to encourage
growers to replant with confidence."



 Huanglongbing (HLB) is currently the most devastating citrus disease worldwide.
HLB was first detected in Florida in 2005 and has since affected all of
Florida's citrus-producing areas leading to a 75% decline in Florida's $9
billion citrus industry. Fifteen U.S. states or territories are under full or
partial quarantine due to the presence of the Asian citrus psyllid (ACP), a
vector for HLB.



 Since 2009, the USDA has invested more than $400 million to address citrus
greening, including more than $57 million through the Citrus Disease Research
and Extension Program since 2014.



 Funded projects include Clemson University researchers using naturally
HLB-resistant citrus trees to develop new resistant varieties using the
CRISPR-Cas9 genome editing tool. The Regents of the University of California
project will design and identify HLB bactericides based on both natural and
nanotechnology approaches. Researchers at Iowa State University will investigate
the use of sustainable, naturally-occurring soil bacteria to control ACP. The
ARS project will identify and assess the effectiveness and economic viability of
chemotherapy treatment options.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

USDA invests $13.6 million in citrus greening research

LENGTH: 332  words

DATELINE: New York



 Van Buren: Institute of Food Technologists has issued the following news
release:



 The U.S. Dept. of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) has announced four grants totaling more than $13.6 million to
combat the citrus greening disease (Huanglongbing). The funding is made possible
through NIFA's Specialty Crop Research Initiative (SCRI) Citrus Disease Research
and Extension Program, authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill.





 "The economic impact of citrus greening disease is measured in the billions,"
said Sonny Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "NIFA investments in research are critical
measures to help the citrus industry survive and thrive, and to encourage
growers to replant with confidence."



 Huanglongbing (HLB) is currently the most devastating citrus disease worldwide.
HLB was first detected in Florida in 2005 and has since affected all of
Florida's citrus-producing areas leading to a 75% decline in Florida's $9
billion citrus industry. Fifteen U.S. states or territories are under full or
partial quarantine due to the presence of the Asian citrus psyllid (ACP), a
vector for HLB.



 Since 2009, the USDA has invested more than $400 million to address citrus
greening, including more than $57 million through the Citrus Disease Research
and Extension Program since 2014.



 Funded projects include Clemson University researchers using naturally
HLB-resistant citrus trees to develop new resistant varieties using the
CRISPR-Cas9 genome editing tool. The Regents of the University of California
project will design and identify HLB bactericides based on both natural and
nanotechnology approaches. Researchers at Iowa State University will investigate
the use of sustainable, naturally-occurring soil bacteria to control ACP. The
ARS project will identify and assess the effectiveness and economic viability of
chemotherapy treatment options.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      The Maryborough Herald (Queensland)

                                  May 27, 2009

Grant extension welcomed

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 124  words


THE announcement in the Federal Budget that the successful First Home Owner
Boost (FHOB) initiative will be extended for a further six months is welcome
news, according to the Real Estate Institute of Queensland (REIQ).

The FHOB will be extended in its current form until September 30 this year, and
then decreased from October 1 to $10,500 for established homes and $14,000 for
new homes for a further three months.

"The Federal Government has recognised the importance and economic impact of
first-time buyers of both existing and new homes during these uncertain times,"
REIQ managing director Dan Molloy said.

"This extension will also allow first home buyers to save a larger deposit and
carefully plan for the purchase of their first home."

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FMH


                    Copyright 2009 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       Cottonwood Journal Extra (Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 2, 2014

National program puts local food first

BYLINE: Cottonwood Journal Extra staff

LENGTH: 649  words


On behalf of the White House Rural Council, U.S. Department of Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced Local Food, Local Places, a federal
initiative that will provide direct technical support to rural communities to
help them build strong local food systems as part of their community's economic
action plans.

Under this effort, a team of agricultural, transportation, environmental and
regional economic experts will work directly with local communities to develop
comprehensive strategies that use local food systems to meet a variety of needs.
For more information, go to the Local Foods, Local Places website.

The announcement, made during the White House Rural Council's first
live-streamed meeting, included Vilsack, U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony
Foxx, Environmental Protection Agency Deputy Administrator Bob Perciasepe,
Appalachian Regional Commission Federal Co-Chairman Earl Gohl; and Delta
Regional Authority Federal Co-Chairman Chris Masingill.

"Buying locally is one of the best things a community can do to grow its
economy. Partnerships like Local Food, Local Places help rural leaders develop
strategies for promoting farm products grown by people right in their own
communities," Vilsack said. "The demand for local food is growing rapidly
nationwide, creating more opportunities for American farmers and ranchers and
growing the entire country's rural economy."

Foxx added, "The Department of Transportation recognizes that freight is a
concern for rural regions, which is why through our Partnership for Sustainable
Communities and TIGER grant program we support freight movement in farm
communities. DOT is proud to take part in the Local Food, Local Places
initiative and to support community food enterprises and make it easier for
people to access those amenities with affordable, multimodal transportation
options."

"Investments in local food systems can pay big dividends in creating a stronger
economy and a healthier population, and the Local Food, Local Places initiative
will help rural Appalachian communities devise the strategies that energize
local economic development and create the jobs that go with it."

During the White House Rural Council event, Secretary Vilsack also announced
updated results from the USDA Farm to School Census, illustrating the indicating
continued economic impact of local food procurement around the country.

According to the updated Farm to School Census, U.S. school districts around the
country purchased more than $386 million from local farmers, ranchers, fishermen
and food processors and manufacturers during the 2011-12 school year. More than
half of participating school districts report that they will buy even more local
foods in future school years, and an additional 13 percent have plans to
implement local food purchasing in the future.

Results from the Farm to School Census are available at the national, state and
school district level data and in a visually-rich and easy-to-navigate format.
In keeping with the administration's emphasis on transparency and access to
data, all Farm to School data is available on the data.gov website and on the
Farm to School Census website.

These efforts are part of USDA's commitment to support local and regional food
systems. USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative coordinates the
department's policy, resources and outreach efforts related to local and
regional food systems. The Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Compass maps nearly
3,000 local and regional food projects supported by USDA and 11 other federal
agencies. Secretary Vilsack has identified strengthening local food systems as
one of the four pillars of USDA's commitment to rural economic development,
along with production agriculture, including expanding export markets and
improving research, promoting conservation and outdoor recreation opportunities
and growing the biobased economy.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Health

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJX

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2014 Cottonwood Journal Extra


                              633 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 10, 2015 Friday

MICHIGAN:Crowdfunding campaign launched to support Ypsilanti Farmers MarketPlace

LENGTH: 733  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Economic Development Corporation, The state of Michigan has issued the following
news release:

The Michigan Economic Development Corporation and Ypsilanti-based Growing Hope
today announced a new crowdfunding campaign through Michigan-based crowdfunding
platform Patronicity. The campaign will support the development of a year-round,
indoor-outdoor, permanent farmers market in downtown Ypsilanti's historic
district.

If the Ypsilanti Farmers MarketPlace attains its crowdfunding goal of $65,000 by
June 9, MEDC will provide a $65,000 matching grant. For project details and to
donate, please visit:
https://www.patronicity.com/project/ypsilanti_farmers_marketplace#/.

"Farmers markets have proved to bring many social and economic benefits for
communities," said MEDC Community Development Director Katharine Czarnecki. "The
past success of the Ypsilanti Farmers Markets is proof that this project will
have a tremendous impact on the community."

Growing Hope's Downtown Ypsilanti Farmers Market has been serving visitors from
May to October since 2006. The popularity of the market has exponentially grown
each year. In 2014, the market's Tuesday crowd amounted to 19,866 visitors, 63
small business vendors, and an economic impact of $1,371,795. By implementing a
year-round farmers market, Ypsilanti will benefit from having a community focal
point and constant access to healthy foods.

"We are a nonprofit community organization that has deep roots in Ypsilanti,"
said Michael Edison, President of Growing Hope's board of directors. "Everyone
is welcome at our markets, and the permanent building is easily accessible. If
we can reach our goal we'll be able to double the number of market days each
year for our customers, create more business opportunities for our vendors, and
it will be a great community gathering place, rain or shine."

To create this year-round farmers market, Ypsilanti Farmers MarketPlace will
reclaim an unused 1930s warehouse and an adjacent former bank drive-thru with a
parking lot. With the contributions from this campaign, energy efficient
interior storm windows and insulation, fire safe doors, emergency exits,
lighting, heating and cooling, bathrooms, prep kitchen, and a fire suppression
system will all be installed in the underutilized property. In addition to the
year-round farmers market, Growing Hope will continue to host the open air
Saturday Depot Town Farmers Market from May through October. After completion of
the project, downtown Ypsilanti will have a gathering space that encourages not
only interaction with one another, but also healthy lifestyles.

Public Spaces Community Places is a collaborative effort of the MEDC, the
Michigan Municipal League, and Patronicity where local residents can use
crowdfunding to be part of the development of strategic projects in their
communities and be backed with a matching grant from MEDC. Communities,
non-profits and other business entities can apply at
https://patronicity.com/puremichigan.

Pure Michigan is a brand representing business, talent and tourism initiatives
across Michigan. These efforts are driven by the Michigan Economic Development
Corporation, which serves as the state's marketing arm and lead advocate for
business growth, jobs and opportunity with a focus on helping grow Michigan's
economy.

For more on the MEDC and its initiatives, visit michiganbusiness.org. For
Michigan travel news, updates and information, visit michigan.org. Michigan
residents interested in seeking employment with any of Michigan's growing
companies should check mitalent.org, where more than 95,000 jobs are currently
available in a variety of industries.

Growing Hope's mission is to help people improve their lives and communities
through gardening and healthy food access. For twelve years, it has worked to
help people - in particular those with the most limited resources - grow and
access healthy food.

The organization's Strategic Plan calls for creating Healthy People, Healthy
Places and Healthy Economies by:

increasing the availability of locally grown foods,
    improving the diet and health of our residents,
    creating business opportunities for farmers and small businesses,
    nurturing leadership among youth and adults, and
    building community gardens in Ypsilanti neighborhoods.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                              July 6, 2010 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Council house building a boost for the economy;
Letters

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 164 words


PLAns for £120million of new council house building are to be welcomed; not
least as these demonstrate a joint commitment by local and central governments
to pool scarce resources.

The new plans will not only create 1,000 new homes but support around 1,200
housing sector jobs and some 700 more in related trades, demonstrating the
valuable economic impact of the house building sector to the scottish economy.

While this is to be applauded, tight budgetary constraints with the reduction in
social housing grants will require more combined stakeholder initiatives and
innovative thinking in terms of new funding models.

Investors are cautious, possibly correctly so, of non traditional models. But
repaying borrowing to fund development infrastructure over a longer term would
surely go a long way to stimulating house build recovery with all its associated
benefits in terms of job creation and the positive effect on the economy.

Kate Dewar, Head of Social Housing, HBJ Gateley Wareing

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXP


                       Copyright 2010 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                    February 24, 2000 Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Medical Center has exceeded minority goals

BYLINE: Robert L. Thomas

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 487 words



Recent newspaper reports have suggested that the Worcester Medical Center
project, hampered by a strong economy and low unemployment, has fallen short of
his goals for hiring minority and Worcester County construction workers.

From a minority perspective, St. Vincent Hospital and Fallon Community Health
Care, the original Medical City developers, far exceed their project goals with
tremendous economic impact to boot.

Working from a different paradigm than the Worcester Redevelopment Authority,
the developer and the minority communities agreed that if the project- through a
combination of employment and project dollars spent with minority contractors-
equaled 20 percent of the hard construction cost ($33.6 million), it would
represent a fair share of this economic venture.

Having established (from a minority perspective) this realistic goal to
economically benefit our community and the community at large, we collectively
went to work.

SEVERAL STRATEGIC PLANS

The St. Vincent and Fallon systems and the Worcester Minority Business Council,
newly named the Business Inclusion Council, developed strategic plans in several
areas: diversity training, vendor recruitment, compliance and employee
recruitment.

These plans included the training of 3,000 employees on issues of diversity,
inclusiveness and the changing work force culture. The initiative demonstrates
St. Vincent's/Fallon's true commitment to creating an appropriate environment
where diversity can succeed.

The results of our plans over the last five years, prior to project completion,
recorded minority inclusion results never dreamed of in the city of Worcester.

The financial impact of health care employment, construction jobs and vendor
contracts totaled almost $35 million.

These are the hard and fast results. The now-employed people can buy homes,
retail goods, cars, etc., that they could not have purchased in the past. The
estimated economic impact is approximately $160 million.

I would encourage any one of the local research organizations or colleges to
conduct a formal study to determine the full economic benefit.

In addition to the numerically measurable results, other indirect benefits have
been realized.

The partnership has generated benefits to the minority community members in the
following areas: sponsorship, advertising, summer internships, establishment of
a pharmacy technical program, grant collaboration, community health care
seminars, job fairs, strategic planning, diversity training and much more.

EXCEEDED COMMITMENTS

St. Vincent and Fallon have exceeded their commitments to the minority community
in a stellar fashion. However, we choose to look at the small picture and call
them failures.

If half of the major companies in this city did half as much as St. Vincent and
Fallon have, Worcester would be a city exemplary in demonstrating its commitment
to true inclusion.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MEMO: Robert L. Thomas is executive director of the Martin Luther King Jr.
Business Employment Center in Worcester.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Robert L. Thomas

               Copyright 2000 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              636 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                             March 16, 2012 Friday

Business-7th Jazz SMS Khazana awards luxury home

SECTION: Vol. IV No. 75

LENGTH: 236  words


Mobilink recently concluded the latest phase of the Mobilink Jazz "SMS Khazana"
contest, with winner being awarded a new luxury home in Bahria Town, Islamabad.

The Jazz SMS Khazana has been one of the most heavily participated SMS campaigns
in Pakistan; with this being the seventh version of this very popular trivia
based SMS competition, which tests the participants' general knowledge.

Each edition of this unique initiative has been received with great enthusiasm
from Mobilink subscribers across Pakistan, who appreciates the multiple socio
economic impacts of this nationwide activity. Jazz SMS Khazana addresses the
needs of its user base by offering opportunities for participants to win prizes
such as gold, a luxury home, cash prizes and even educational scholarships.

The winner of the grand prize, Muhammad Irfan Ahmad, was overwhelmed at the
occasion, saying, "A fantastic dream has come true, as my favourite cellular
service has made me the owner of a fabulous home in Islamabad. I am truly
thankful to the gracious Allah for this great blessing."

Jahanzeb Taj, Vice President Marketing, Mobilink added; "Mobilink Jazz is
pleased to bring the largest and most prestigious rewards campaign within
Pakistan's cellular industry. Our subscribers have continuously strengthened the
leadership of the Jazz Brand and we are happy to share our success with them. I
offer heartiest congratulations, to our winner."

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                             March 16, 2012 Friday

Business-7th Jazz SMS Khazana awards luxury home

SECTION: Vol. IV No. 75

LENGTH: 236  words


Mobilink recently concluded the latest phase of the Mobilink Jazz "SMS Khazana"
contest, with winner being awarded a new luxury home in Bahria Town, Islamabad.

The Jazz SMS Khazana has been one of the most heavily participated SMS campaigns
in Pakistan; with this being the seventh version of this very popular trivia
based SMS competition, which tests the participants' general knowledge.

Each edition of this unique initiative has been received with great enthusiasm
from Mobilink subscribers across Pakistan, who appreciates the multiple socio
economic impacts of this nationwide activity. Jazz SMS Khazana addresses the
needs of its user base by offering opportunities for participants to win prizes
such as gold, a luxury home, cash prizes and even educational scholarships.

The winner of the grand prize, Muhammad Irfan Ahmad, was overwhelmed at the
occasion, saying, "A fantastic dream has come true, as my favourite cellular
service has made me the owner of a fabulous home in Islamabad. I am truly
thankful to the gracious Allah for this great blessing."

Jahanzeb Taj, Vice President Marketing, Mobilink added; "Mobilink Jazz is
pleased to bring the largest and most prestigious rewards campaign within
Pakistan's cellular industry. Our subscribers have continuously strengthened the
leadership of the Jazz Brand and we are happy to share our success with them. I
offer heartiest congratulations, to our winner."

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Daily Pilot (Costa Mesa California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday

Local nonprofits score Bank of America grants

BYLINE: Rhea Mahbubani, Daily Pilot, Costa Mesa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 399 words


Sept. 04--Pacific Symphony, South Coast Reportory, Orange County Great Park,
Art-A-Fair Foundation, Festival of Arts and Sawdust Art Festival are among the
local nonprofits that recently received grants from Bank of America.

A total of $465,000 was divvied up among 16 Orange County groups, all of which
target community development and neighborhood revitalization.

"Pacific Symphony is grateful to the Bank of America Foundation for its
investment in the artistic and educational programming of the Pacific Symphony,"
President John Forsyte said in an email. "During a typical season, Pacific
Symphony produces over 100 performances and serves 250,000 community members of
all ages. Its educational programs are nationally recognized as among the most
comprehensive in the nation."

Bank of America first issued a request for proposals in April, then evaluated
where its philanthropic investments would have the most effect.

According to Allen Staff, Bank of America's Orange County market president, the
company gives an estimated $2 million annually to groups in the area. This
year's funds are expected to aid 1.1 million individuals and have an economic
impact of more than $2.1 billion, he said.

"We're excited to be working with local community partners that are dedicated to
improving and preserving our neighborhoods," Staff said. "Access to affordable
housing, financial education and community initiatives are an important part of
our broader efforts to help improve the financial lives of our customers,
clients and communities."

The Bank of America Charitable Foundation helps the financial institution
distribute in excess of $200 million across the United States, while employees
volunteer time and energy to worthy causes, he added.

Cynthia Fung, marketing and public relations director for Sawdust, said Bank of
America has helped Laguna Beach's three art festivals by funding a portion of
the city's seasonal trolley and parking fees. It has also contributed to the
collaborative Passport to the Arts program, which permits unlimited admission
into the creative showcases through the summer.

"Without the Bank of America grant, a large chunk of what we do to support our
educational mission statement would not be possible," Fung said.

___ (c)2013 the Daily Pilot (Costa Mesa, Calif.) Visit the Daily Pilot (Costa
Mesa, Calif.) at www.dailypilot.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130904-1DP-Local-nonprofits-score-Bank-of-America-grants-0904-20130904

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1DP


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Pilot


                              639 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

New Research Consortium to Tackle Community Resilience in the Gulf Region

LENGTH: 309  words

DATELINE: Northridge


California State University, Northridge has issued the following news release:

A new research group, the Consortium for Resilient Gulf Communities, has been
formed to assess and address the public health, social and economic impacts of
the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico region.

The research is funded by an $8 million, three-year grant from BP/The Gulf of
Mexico Research Initiative.

The consortium consists of researchers from the RAND Corporation, Louisiana
State University, Tulane University, the University of South Alabama and the
Louisiana Public Health Institute. The consortium's interdisciplinary research
and outreach activities will focus on determining how communities can build
resilience to future disasters.

For example, one project will develop a more-accurate picture of the medium- and
long-term public health, social and economic effects of the spill by surveying
residents in Texas, Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi and Florida. The findings
will be used to help communities understand risks and vulnerabilities, and to
develop action plans to improve resilience in advance of future disasters.

Research team members include experts in public health, mental health,
sociology, economics, political science, risk analysis, disaster resilience,
ecology and other disciplines.

The consortium hopes to establish a clearer picture of the ways in which the oil
spill affected the surrounding communities and to develop evidence-based
strategic planning and risk communication strategies for communities facing
similar disasters in the future. The research can be used to provide guidance
for policymakers to help them identify specific actions that will mitigate
future disaster impacts more effectively.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Frontier Post (Pakistan)

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Waseela-e-Taleem - A revolutionary step

LENGTH: 1068 words

DATELINE: Islamabad


Islamabad, Dec. 14 -- A social safety net programme with the name of Benazir
Income Support Programme (BISP) was established in 2008 to tackle the
catastrophic impacts of inflation and price hike on the poor, caused by
recession in the world markets and highly increased food and fuel prices. The
Programme was launched initially for providing a fixed monthly cash grant to
millions of poor families. This monthly cash assistance was provided to the
families who were most vulnerable to abject poverty; thus, this grant was a
subsistence allowance to make their survival possible by adding between 20-50 %
or more to their income.

The cash grants worth billions that have been provided to millions of
beneficiary families in the last three years have helped in bringing a positive
economic impact in their lives. It must be noted that this sort of cash grant is
termed as "Unconditional Cash Transfer". It means that the amount which is
disbursed to a beneficiary is not subjected to any condition for its spending.
The beneficiary has the right to spend the cash as per his/her requirements.
There is another emerging concept of "Conditional Cash Transfer" which has been
successfully launched in various South American and Asian countries. The concept
narrates that the amount which is disbursed as grant to the beneficiaries is
subjected to fulfillment of some pre-conditions. The grant is continued in case
of compliance of that condition or it is discontinued in case of non-compliance.
Even in some cases, penalties are imposed if the terms laid for the grant are
not met. Critics were of the view that Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP)'s
work may not be fruitful in case some long-term measures like provision of
livelihood opportunities and education is not ensured. Through its graduation
strategies, BISP launched demand driven vocational/technical training programmes
along with provision of micro financing to ensure livelihood independence for
millions of beneficiary families. For provision of health facilities, BISP is
all set to launch Health Insurance Programme whereas it has already provided
Life Insurance facility to millions of its beneficiary families till date. For
promotion of education, BISP is in the process of introducing Waseela-e-Taleem.
BISP had launched a nationwide Poverty Scorecard Survey in late 2010 which is
about to be completed. Along with the identification of beneficiaries, it has
helped collect ideal data representing the socio-economic situation of almost 27
million households across Pakistan. This documented data can be used for various
poverty reduction projects in Pakistan by the organisations world over. Careful
evaluation of the data collected through BISP's Nationwide Poverty Survey
regarding education has revealed that only 13% of BISP beneficiaries send all of
their children to school, 50% of them send some of their children to school
whereas 37% do not send even a single child to school. Thus it was learnt that
primary education of beneficiaries' children is one of the major issues of the
poor class in Pakistan. A major indicator of the progress and development of any
nation is its literacy rate and education. John. F. Kennedy said that "our
progress as a nation can be no swifter than our progress in education. The human
mind is our fundamental resource." The above mentioned facts are quite stunning
and horrifying at the same time. If a major portion of our coming generation
that has to hold the reins of the country is falling into the deep hole of
ignorance and illiteracy, how are we going to expect that our nation will
flourish in the years to come? How can we claim that we will become a great
nation when a large segment of our children is not going to schools? But, it is
also true that there are certain inherent problems which need to be considered.
There is a vicious circle of poverty that has trapped millions of families in
Pakistan. This immense poor class is unable to bear the expenses of education of
their children. Also, most of these children are victims of child labour and
instead of going to school they are forced to work to earn for their families.
Thus, economic compulsion is the major reason behind millions of non-school
going children. Coming back to the Waseela-e-Taleem programme being introduced
by Benazir Income Support Programme, it is a welcome step for multiple reasons.
Also, there are certain reasons how BISP can prove to be an ideal platform for
providing education throughout the country. One, over the years, BISP has
developed its reach out to millions of families, including those whose children
are not going to school and secondly, through nationwide poverty scorecard
survey, it has compiled qualitative data to evaluate the problem and present a
solution for it. Third, as BISP has been playing significant role in helping
millions of poor families, it can put some sort of compulsion and condition for
the cash transfer for education of the children of such families. Through
Waseela-e-Taleem initiative, BISP is urging its beneficiary families to send
their children to school so that they can become literate and become
economically self-sufficient in future. Through this plan, maximum three
children of each of the beneficiary families are to be sent to school and they
will be provided with a benefit in cash amount. In case they do not send their
children to school, they will not get this additional money and even it is
proposed that some sort of deduction could be made in the regular monthly cash
transfer of Rs. 1,000 that is already being provided. It should be noted that
the education in primary schools (Government and Registered schools) in Pakistan
is free so this money will be giving them a good incentive for sending their
children to school.The programme is a huge endeavour and it should be kept in
mind that the capacity building regarding teachers and infrastructure of schools
in all the areas of Pakistan is vital to make it successful. If implemented as
being planned, this initiative can bring an educational revolution in Pakistan.
It will have a trickle down impact on the socio-economic future of the state
once we have an educated generation. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Frontier Post. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              641 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                            January 18, 2016 Monday

A university serving its community in its entirety also serves economy

BYLINE: Anton Muscatelli

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 788 words


THE University of Glasgow has published an economic impact survey, commissioned
to sit alongside our new five-year strategy Inspiring People, Changing the
World.

Amongst some impressive economic statistics, the survey highlights the
importance of Glasgow's contribution to improving access to higher education to
students from Scotland's most disadvantaged communities.           Around one in
four of our Scottish students came from a widening participation (WP) background
in 2013/14.

This is significantly higher than other research-intensive or ancient
universities. The university's award-winning WP programmes engaged with over
7,000 secondary school pupils in 2013/14, more than3,000 more than the previous
year, ensuring that Glasgow continues to focus on talent and ability, not a
student's background or family income.

We do this because it is the right thing to do. It's part of our DNA. The
culture at Glasgow is rooted historically in the importance of social justice
and we want to give students from all backgrounds, regardless of means, access
to the very best university education.

But it also makes good economic sense and it contributes actively to the
Scottish Government's inclusive growth agenda. Only by tapping all the available
talent in the country and by breaking down social barriers can we boost economic
performance.

As our survey shows, our commitment to social inclusion goes hand in hand with
the University of Glasgow's major contribution to the Scottish economy. We
account for £1.5 billion in economic output, directly sustain 15,000 jobs and
deliver £205 million in export earnings. The impact of the university on local
employment should not be underestimated: we provide 1.4 per cent of all jobs in
Glasgow, mainly in high-skilled positions.

But almost 40 per cent of the jobs we support are outwith the city, including
1,000 in South Lanarkshire, 800 in North Lanarkshire, and  more than 600 in
Edinburgh. We  are committed to driving growth by supporting innovation through
initiatives such as Precision or Stratified Medicine. We host one of the UK's
four Quantum Technology hubs. In areas ranging from Big Urban Data/Smart Cities
to sensors and imaging, complex chemistry and research into chronic diseases we
regularly attract multi-million pound grants which provide the base for that
innovation to flourish.

Success breeds success, and           we are proud that Glasgow is seen as a
global player on the research intensive stage. Last year we attained our highest
ever world university ranking. Our research income, at £181m in 2013-14, has
never been higher.  Over the past decade, the University of Glasgow has created
spin-out companies that have, on average, directly sustained around 500 direct
and 400 secondary jobs each year for the past six years, generating £240m of
output.

The university is also the sole Scottish member of the Easy Access IP initiative
, providing industry free access to some of our cutting edge research. This is a
fantastic way to link academia with business and stimulate innovation, jobs
growth  and economic and social benefits  for society at all levels. But if what
has gone before is impressive,  our plans for the future are even  more
ambitious.

Over the next decade the University of Glasgow will invest £775m in the largest
single education project in Scotland. The majority of this funding will be used
to expand our historic landmark Gilmorehill campus, right in the heart of
Glasgow's West End, creating or sustaining about 2,400 direct and 1,300
secondary jobs.

We will deliver world leading facilities, including a state-of-the-art learning
and teaching centre and a research and innovation hub that will house
large-scale interdisciplinary projects and incubator space for  spin-out
collaborations with industry, helping to deliver the government economic
strategy's aim of commercialising Scotland's wealth  of academic research.

There will be additional facilities for all our four colleges and we will
develop a new cultural quarter of the city surrounding the Kelvin Hall
exhibition space, bringing benefits to tourism and Scotland's international
reputation.

The academic excellence of the University of Glasgow is long established. We are
also a major driver of the local and national economy, sustaining jobs and
adding huge value to the business of Scotland. We can do this and remain
absolutely committed to widening access to the most talented and ambitious
students, regardless of background. Indeed the two go  hand in hand. We want the
best students to come to Glasgow and  in turn we commit to giving them a
world-class education at a world top-100 university.

Professor Muscatelli is principal of the University of Glasgow.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HER


                      Copyright 2016 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                         The Foundation For West Africa

                              219 Washington Road
                             Barrington,  RI 02806
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (401) 289-0273
URL: www.tfwa.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   FWA mobilizes people and financial capital for innovative grassroots projects
that have real social and economic impact in West Africa. We work primarily in
Sierra Leone and Liberia, neighboring countries striving to emerge from poverty
and conflict. FWA targets West Africa's core needs: accountable governance,
human rights, literacy, health care, and sustainable economic development. To
those ends, we invest in independent community radio stations, community-based
health care initiatives, and programs to improve literacy and the quality of
education. FWA is a tax-exempt, non-profit organization.  FWA embodies an
entrepreneurial approach to investing in West Africa. We partner with the
region's leading innovators for social change - individuals and organizations
who, with modest capital support, can mobilize their communities to solve
long-standing problems in new, creative ways. FWA supports the emergence of
women and youth as leaders in the region's revival.  We are building a network
of change agents who keep us informed of opportunities to invest in the right
place at the right time. We combine strong due diligence with an ability respond
quickly to investment opportunities in West Africa.  FWA strives to maximize the
impact of our resources. Small to medium-scale grants, from $1,000 to $20,000,
can leverage significantly larger grants from governments, organizations and
individuals in West Africa, the United States, and around the world. FWA serves
as a vehicle for West

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              643 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                                 March 14, 2008

Colorado Springs Government Briefs: March 14, 2008

BYLINE: CSBJ Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 411  words


Exporting awards

Applications are being accepted from Colorado companies for the Governor's Award
for Excellence in Exporting. The awards recognize companies that demonstrate a
commitment to international trade.

Export businesses of any size or industry may apply. Winners will be recognized
at World Trade Day on May 1.

Completed applications are due by March 28. For more information, or to request
an application, contact Thomas Binet at Thomas.binet@state.co.us or (303)
892-3813.

Patriot loans top $100 M

During the eight months since its launch, the U.S. Small Business
Administration's Patriot Express Loan Initiative has produced 1,007 SBA
guaranteed loans amounting to more than $100 million.

The average loan amount was about $101,000.

Patriot Express is available to veterans, service-disabled veterans, service
members leaving active duty, reservists, National Guard members, spouses of
active duty members and widowed spouses of service members who died during
service or of a service-connected disability.

For more information, visit www.sba.gov/patriotexpress.

Businesses save $2.6 billion

Small businesses realized $2.6 billion of first-year cost savings and $285
million in annually recurring savings as a result of fiscal year 2007 efforts to
help federal agencies comply with the Regulatory Flexibility Act, according to
the Office of Advocacy.

The law requires agencies to review the economic impacts of proposed regulations
on small entities and consider less burdensome alternatives.

Recycling grants

The Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment is accepting grant
applications for waste diversion and recycling projects. The department has $1.2
million available for 2008.

Entities eligible to apply are: public government agencies (including
universities and schools), private sector organizations whose projects benefit
their local communities, out-of-state companies or organizations that are
expanding or relocation to Colorado or have an in-state presence.

Applications are available at
www.cdphe.state.co.us/el/p2_program/rreogrants.html. The deadline is March 28.

Governor's Arts Awards

Nomination forms are available for the 2008 Governor's Arts Award, which is
given annually to a city or town that has effectively utilized the arts to
enhance the quality of life and economic vitality of its community.

Grand Junction won during 2007.

Nomination forms are available at www.coloarts.org, or by calling (303)
892-3802. The deadline is April 4.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Port Macquarie News

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday
                                Internet Edition

New minister announces funding for events

BYLINE: Liz Langdale

LENGTH: 408 words


Related Content:

Are you ready for The Beatles Festival?

2016 Tastings on Hastings | photos, video

Minister for Tourism and Major Events Adam Marshall visited Port Macquarie for
the first time in his ministerial position on February 8 to announce funding for
two events.

Member for Port Macquarie Leslie Williams was also in attendance to support the
minister's visit and contribution to the region.

The Tastings on Hastings festival received $20,000 through the NSW government's
2017 Flagship Event Fund.

The Beatles Festival also received a $5000 grant.

The Flagship Event Fund is set up to boost regional tourism by supporting
marketing activities to drive overnight visitation to the region.

Mr Marshall said the grant for the Tastings on Hastings festival would be used
to support the event's continuation and help provide more promotion initiatives.

The minister said it is important to use events whether by showcasing music or
food produce as a hook to entice people to stay.

"If we can increase the visitation numbers to an area like Port Macquarie that's
great for everyone and the local economy," he said.

He said just because an event is small doesn't mean it doesn't deserve any
financial support from the state government.

More broadly Mr Marshall would like to target international visitors who are
flying into Sydney but who would be open to visiting the country areas of the
state.

"The good thing about Port Macquarie is that it has so much to offer and it's
got really good transport links from a destination like Sydney," he said

"It's very easy for people to fly up with the air services you've got, the
timetables and pricing," he said.

Mr Marshall said a lot of other regional places are difficult to get to in a
timely manner but that factor does not apply to Port Macquarie.

Beatles Festival spokesperson Neil Porter said prior to the grant the event was
unable to fully cover their costs and labelled the $5000 grant as a 'god send'.

"It was totally unexpected," he said.

"We were wondering how we were going to make ends meet and now we'll be fine."

Mrs Williams said it is possible that as the festival grows it will receive more
government financial support in the future.

Mr Porter said the organisation team will make another submission for a NSW
Destination grant in 2018.

Mrs Williams said the $5000 will be used to help stage the event and also to
undertake further research to enable the economic impact of the festival to be
quantified.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            March 23, 2006 Thursday
                                  All Editions

UM plan seeks greater investment;
State's economy stands to benefit from more commitment to R&D

BYLINE: RUTH-ELLEN COHEN OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A5

LENGTH: 993 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


The University of Maine has announced a new plan to transform the state's
economy.

The five-year plan calls for the state to "consistently and significantly"
invest in research and development to create jobs and strengthen the flagship
campus' mission to become a national and international force for innovative
technology.

As laid out by UM representatives this week, the plan recommends that by 2010
the state annually appropriate at least $30 million to the Maine Economic
Improvement Fund, which helps pay for research to develop new products,
technologies and companies. In addition, within the next five years the state
would invest at least $30 million annually in research and development bonds.

That $60 million investment - compared to $16 million last year - would have a
$210 million economic impact on the state. It would generate more than $120
million in federal and private grants and contracts and more than 1,000 jobs,
100 patents and nearly 60 spinoff businesses, UM officials said. In addition,
there would be a $200 million economic ripple effect as workers purchase cars,
houses, groceries and the like.

"This is about the future of the state - about our kids having jobs five and 10
years from now," said Habib Dagher, civil engineering professor and director of
the Advanced Engineered Wood Composites.

"The university has a responsibility to help chart the course of the future,"
said Dagher, who discussed the plan this week during a visit to the Bangor Daily
News along with Jake Ward, the university's executive director for research and
economic development, and Robert Lad, physics professor and director of the
Laboratory for Surface Science and Technology.

Since the MEIF was created 10 years ago to help provide the matching money that
is almost always required from universities when they apply for research
dollars, Maine has been investing in research and development. But it hasn't
kept pace with other states and currently ranks last based on academic research
and development spending per worker.

While Maine spends $100 on average per worker, the national average is $250. And
the New England average is more than $350.

"Other states are out-investing us," said Dagher. "If we don't catch up we'll be
left in the dust. We'll keep falling behind and our kids will have to go to
Massachusetts to get jobs."

The funding request makes sense "relative to what other states are making as an
investment and to the size and opportunity we have as a state," said Ward.

Since the state's research and development program began in the late '90s, UM
has "learned what's worked really well and now wants to take it to the next
level," he added.

Tough financial times haven't kept other states from increasing their
investments in research and development, Michael Eckardt, UM's vice president
for research, pointed out during a phone interview.

"It's the only way out that I see," he said. "Whatever we're doing isn't
working. We're very appreciative of what the state has done. Now's the time to
invest more."

So far, the Maine Economic Improvement Fund has resulted in the creation of more
than 20 spinoff businesses, nearly 60 patents, 800 jobs and $60 million in
research and development contracts.

And, although UM has the smallest number of full-time faculty in its peer group
of nine institutions - including the University of New Hampshire and University
of Rhode Island - it brings in the highest number of research grants per faculty
member.

"We've proven we can deliver. We're poised to grow and we know how to do it,"
said Dagher.

Created in 1996 with $400,000 the Maine Economic Improvement Fund currently
totals $12 million, but has remained relatively stagnant for the past few years.
While MEIF money provides direct matching funds for grants and contracts, bond
money is needed to build the laboratories and buy the specialized equipment that
keep UM competitive.

Eckardt said the plan is unique because it not only calls for investment in
seven areas of science and technology previously identified as having
significant potential for economic growth and job creation, but also because it
recommends putting aside 20 percent of the funds for new and emerging fields.

This allows all faculty to participate - not just those in science and
engineering, said Dagher. In addition, it ensures that the state doesn't "miss
out on the next big revolution in technology."

Approved late last year by University of Maine System Chancellor Joseph Westphal
and UM President Robert Kennedy, the plan was put together with input from UM
faculty and administrators. It has been presented to Janet Yancey-Wrona, science
adviser to Gov. John Baldacci.

She said Wednesday that the initiative "goes hand in hand" with the state's
science and technology action plan which recommends that by 2010 Maine spend
$120 million annually on research and development, up from $45 million
currently.

"UM's plan will help us get there," said Yancey-Wrona, who pointed out that an
economy based on research and development innovation results in "higher wages
and more competitive businesses that are sustainable over the long term.

"But we need to make these investments in order to get there."

The plan also recommends, among other things:

.  Hiring 10 additional outstanding research faculty a year.

.  Rewarding faculty excellence in research, scholarship and creative activities
with stipends and professorships.

.  Hiring people to help businesses incorporate the new technologies.

As part of the new initiative, Ward said the university would like to see the
Legislature establish a joint select committee on research and development to
develop funding strategies and priorities. A similar group was formed in the
late '90s when the state's research and development initiative began, he said.

Another idea is to organize a summer meeting of legislators, gubernatorial
candidates and industry leaders to discuss research and development, university
representatives said.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                              646 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Port Macquarie News

                            February 10, 2017 Friday
                           Internet & Print Editions

New minister announces funding for events

BYLINE: Liz Langdale

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 374 words


Minister for Tourism and Major Events Adam Marshall visited Port Macquarie for
the first time in his ministerial position on February 8 to announce funding for
two events.

Member for Port Macquarie Leslie Williams was also in attendance to support the
minister's visit and contribution to the region.

The Tastings on Hastings festival received $20,000 through the NSW government's
2017 Flagship Event Fund.

The Beatles Festival also received a $5000 grant.

The Flagship Event Fund is set up to boost regional tourism by supporting
marketing activities to drive overnight visitation to the region.

Mr Marshall said the grant for the Tastings on Hastings festival would be used
to support the event's continuation and help provide more promotion initiatives.

The minister said it is important to use events whether by showcasing music or
food produce as a hook to entice people to stay.

"If we can increase the visitation numbers to an area like Port Macquarie that's
great for everyone and the local economy," he said.

He said just because an event is small doesn't mean it doesn't deserve any
financial support from the state government.

More broadly Mr Marshall would like to target international visitors who are
flying into Sydney but who would be open to visiting the country areas of the
state.

"The good thing about Port Macquarie is that it has so much to offer and it's
got really good transport links from a destination like Sydney," he said

"It's very easy for people to fly up with the air services you've got, the
timetables and pricing," he said.

Mr Marshall said a lot of other regional places are difficult to get to in a
timely manner but that factor does not apply to Port Macquarie.

Beatles Festival spokesperson Neil Porter labelled the $5000 grant as a 'god
send'.

"It was totally unexpected," he said.

"We were wondering how we were going to make ends meet and now we'll be fine."

Mrs Williams said it is possible that as the festival grows it will receive more
government financial support in the future.

Mr Porter said the organisation team will make another submission for a NSW
Destination grant in 2018.

Mrs Williams said the $5000 will be used to help stage the event and to
undertake research so the economic impact can be quantified.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             January 8, 2010 Friday
                                 FINAL Edition

Industrial grants a good use of carbon credit funds;
Maine took the right approach by putting money where it will save energy and
jobs.

BYLINE: --

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Our Views; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 371 words


Maine took a big step toward energy independence and environmental
responsibility this week by passing out $8.9 million to fund industrial energy
efficiency projects.

Awarding these grants when the state budget is in crisis shows admirable
discipline by Gov. John Baldacci's administration and the right vision for the
future.

Recipients include Verso Paper in Bucksport, which received $2 million to
replace a 30-year-old multi-use boiler with an efficient co-generation unit,
which will capture waste energy and use it to run turbines. Another recipient,
Tex Tech Industries of North Monmouth, will use $746,776 to convert a 1963 oil
burner into a biomass electrical generation system fueled by Maine-grown wood
chips.

The money for the grants comes from federal stimulus funds and payments made by
the Maine industries that had to buy carbon credits through the Regional
Greenhouse Gas Initiative.

By using the RGGI funds to pay for large-scale efficiency projects, Gov.
Baldacci is helping the environment and the economy.

The purpose of the program is to reduce the amount of heat-trapping gas emitted
into the atmosphere, but it has economic impacts as well.

Maine's high power costs are a big disadvantage for large industrial customers,
and a factor that slows job growth. Tex Tech said it would have shipped 49
skilled textile workers overseas if it had not been given this way to cut its
power costs. Altogether, the grant program is projected to save or create as
many as 1,000 jobs.

It makes sense to target the industrial users for efficiency because that's
where the biggest opportunities for savings are.

And in addition to helping those companies be more profitable, large-scale
energy conservation reduces demand for power, allowing the most expensive
generators to stay off line. That can have a positive effect on power costs
throughout the system.

New York Gov. David Patterson has said that he is eyeing his state's RGGI money
to fill the gap between revenue and expenses in his budget. But Maine's approach
is more sound.

This grant program shows that environmental protection and economic development
do not have to be at odds with each other and that efficiency investments now
will pay big dividends in the future.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Telegram (Superior, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 12, 2012 Wednesday

Superior's artistic flair

BYLINE: Maria Lockwood, Superior Telegram, Wis.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 749 words


Sept. 12--Members of the Wisconsin Arts Board got a taste of Superior's artistic
flair Saturday before holding its quarterly meeting. They stopped along Tower
Avenue to sample both Phantom Galleries Superior, which turns empty storefronts
into art displays, and Back Door Project murals brightening the alley access to
a number of businesses.

"It was extraordinary," said George Tzougros, the board's executive director.
"We are very proud of both the Back Door Project and Phantom Galleries."

But they didn't see just a series of static displays. Chalk drawings from Jeredt
Runions brightened their path. Quilter Angela Haworth worked outside and, once
the rain started, inside the gallery at 1112 Tower Ave., Runions painted
outdoors, as well. To round out the performance art, singer Adam Sippola "blew
us away," Tzougros said. The young singer used a looping machine to turn his
solo voice into a choir.

"It was extraordinary to see random acts of art along the way," Tzougros said.
"It was a wonderful way to showcase how arts can transform things."

It was an honor to have the board stop by Superior, said Erika Mock, director of
Phantom Galleries Superior.

"We've been fortunate in the last couple years to receive Creative Community
Grants from the Wisconsin Arts Board" she said, for both the galleries and
murals. Saturday, board members got to see its funds at work.

Phantom Galleries Superior transforms vacant storefronts into art exhibits at
four sites -- 1302, 1412, 1112 and 1215 Tower Avenue.

"We had an incredible year," Mock said. "I never thought that I would see people
walking down Tower Avenue and having art experiences at what are vacant
storefronts."

"Phantom galleries make the space look alive again," Tzougros said, and people
are more interested in renting.

With construction work slated for Tower Avenue in 2013, gallery organizers are
working on a plan. It may include relocating for a year.

"We are phantom galleries, so we do show up and we disappear," Mock said. The
group also plans to stage a trio of student art galleries this spring, entitled
"Seeding the Next Generation."

There are a number of phantom gallery projects throughout the state, Tzougros
said, but the Back Door Project is unique in Wisconsin. It provides
beautification and a sense of place, he said, bringing something positive in
advance of upcoming Tower Avenue reconstruction work.

"Ultimately the back door goal is to provide a way for people to be guided
that's more beautiful than street signs," Mock said.

The galleries, back doors and other art initiatives in Superior show that great
ideas are not just found in big cities, Tzougros said. He also applauded the
partnership between the BID, Superior Public Art Creating Community Environments
(SPAC2ES) and the Superior Council for the Arts in launching these initiatives.

"Business leaders understand the value of collaborating with the arts," Tzougros
said. "That's not found everywhere you go."

And it was one of the draws the area held for the board.

"The WAB, with its foci on the creative economy and economic development, is
particularly interested in evolving and successful collaborations between
business and art," said Jerry Hembd, an economics professor at the University of
Wisconsin-Superior and a current member of the board. "Superior provides some
solid examples in this area."

Art does more than beautify. It improves communities. Wisconsin's nonprofit arts
industry generates 15,103 full time jobs and $61 million in state and local
government revenue, according to a recent economic impact study. The nonprofit
arts industry generates $418 million in economic activity statewide.

"Arts power is multi-faceted," Tzougros said. It not only provides a quality of
place, but jobs.

And the move toward public art is growing in Superior. Recently, an East End
dentist commissioned a mural on his building.

"Keep watching," Mock said. "The arts are very vibrant. We hope to go beyond
visual art, go to performance, expand on what we've got."

For information on the Wisconsin Arts Board, go to
http://artsboard.wisconsin.gov. For information on Phantom Galleries Superior or
the Back Door Project, contact Mock at (715) 392-1150 or erikamock@gmail.com
Back Door Project murals can be found behind 816, 1112, 1114, 1118, 1201, 1210
and 1315 Tower Avenue.

More from around the web

___ (c)2012 the Superior Telegram (Superior, Wis.) Visit the Superior Telegram
(Superior, Wis.) at www.superiortelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120912-DG-Superior-s-artistic-flair-0912-20120912

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DG


                       Copyright 2012 The Daily Telegram


                              649 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 5, 2008 Friday

Foundations play a role in helping nonprofits

BYLINE: Shelly Birkelo, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1216 words


Dec. 5--JANESVILLE -- Evansville children learn arts and crafts at no cost.

Janesville women get free help with job searches, career advice and financial
education.

Construction of the Parker Education Center at Rotary Gardens enjoys a financial
boost.

Janesville's riverfront development project is backed by a $1 million,
multi-year commitment.

All of those came through grants from local foundations--the Community
Foundation of Southern Wisconsin and the Janesville Foundation--which are at
work helping nonprofits fill gaps during tough economic times, their leaders
said.

Local foundations

Since it was created by the Parker Pen Co. in 1944, the Janesville Foundation
has awarded more than $15 million in capital and start-up grants.

"Many capital projects would never materialize without support of the
foundation," said Gary Smith, executive director at Rotary Gardens. "Rotary
Gardens could never have built the building (Parker Education Center) without
that infusion from the Janesville Foundation,"

The Community Foundation of Southern Wisconsin in the past 16 years has given
large and small grants to meet needs in 14 communities in eight counties.

"Matching personal philanthropy with community need guides everything we do. It
brings donors together with causes they care about," said Sue Conley, executive
director.

Grant recipients

The arts and crafts program run at the Evansville Youth Center by the YMCA of
Northern Rock County receives financial support from the Millie Tait Charitable
Fund, a component of the Community Foundation of Southern Wisconsin Evansville
Fund.

"The commitment of Millie Tait strengthens the ties between generations and
encourages children to experience creative approaches to a variety of art and
crafts projects, said Tom Den Boer, YMCA executive director.

The YWCA of Rock County recently received a $5,000 grant from the Community
Foundation of Southern Wisconsin Women's Fund to help pay for the second phase
of its Women's Economic Empowerment Center.

"This is critically important given the current economic challenges we are
facing. Support of our initiative allows us to help any woman needing economic
empowerment, such as help with computer access to job searches, career advice,
financial education and more," said Martha Pearson, Women's Center director.

With the Women's Fund, the YWCA will be able to increase capacity, expand access
to more women and help women shape their futures, said Allison Hokinson,
community relations director of the YWCA.

Denise Shannon is proof of that. Because of her involvement in YWCA's programs,
including the Women's Economic Empowerment Center, she has escaped an abusive
home, landed a part-time job and continues to make progress toward
self-sufficiency, Hokinson said.

"Without work, I was disgusted and depressed. Getting a job has changed my life.
It's a joy for me," Shannon said.

How they help

The Janesville Foundation and Community Foundation of Southern Wisconsin are
among several dozen foundations in the area and more than 1,275 in Wisconsin
that have awarded nearly $475 million in grants.

Historically, the Janesville Foundation has discreetly focused on education and
community development. But the foundation's efforts recently have become more
visible through the new Sparks Grant program.

"We want to find other nonprofits, take a new idea, nurture it and grow it into
something positive," said Ron Ochs, president.

Apparently, so do others. The Janesville Foundation received 50 applications for
its first Sparks Grant. Three will be chosen to receive $3,000.

"We'll sort through them and see what will have the biggest economic impact,"
Ochs said.

By partnering with a nonprofit, Ochs said the foundation helps make an idea
successful.

"We'll work closely with the nonprofit and nurture it," said Ochs.

Ochs has served on the foundation's board of directors since 1994 and has lived
and worked in the community for more than 30 years.

"I have an understanding for the community and a passion for this organization
that will continue to do good work. The introduction of the Sparks Grant has
taken us places we haven't been before in terms of community partnership. It's
important for people to know we are here, are sensitive to needs in the
community and want to listen," Ochs said.

Growing need

Conley said the number of inquiries about grants has gone up as the economy has
gone down.

"Different nonprofits are looking for help," she said.

The Community Foundation recently brought together representatives from all
breakfast clubs in the city to discuss how it might help meet the growing need.
A staff person now plans to write a grant to find more funding, hopefully $1,000
for each breakfast club, Conley said.

During breakfast club talks, foundation representatives learned that many
families need transportation to get their children to school. So the Community
Foundation will pool its resources in hopes of finding gas cards and bus tokens,
Conley said.

"Our strength is bringing donors together to change lives," Conley said. "You
don't have to be Bill Gates to be a philanthropist.

"Even if you give a little, it makes a big difference."

FOUNDATION DETAILS

Community Foundation of Southern Wisconsin

Address: 26 S. Jackson St., Janesville, 53548

Phone: (608) 758-0883 in Rock County, (608) 319-2025 in Green and Lafayette
counties and (608) 943-8724 in Grant and Iowa counties.

Web site: www.cfsw.org

Type of foundation: Community.

Mission: To match personal philanthropy with community need.

Funding availability: Varies depending on the community and the need.

To apply for a grant: Grants are made to strengthen and encourage projects that
will make a difference in the quality of life in southern Wisconsin. The
foundation looks for projects that will propose practical solutions to community
needs, promote cooperation and collaboration in addressing positive change,
promote volunteerism, strengthen an organization's effectiveness and stability
and address prevention and intervention.

The Janesville Foundation

Address: P.O. Box 8123, Janesville, WI 53547-8123

Phone: (608) 752-1032

Web site: www.janesvillefoundation.org

Type of foundation: Private, independent.

Mission: To provide proactive leadership toward a better community through
support of creative initiatives in education and citizen-led community
development.

Funding availability: Very limited.

To apply for a grant: After making an inquiry by phone or letter, a written
proposal must be submitted to include a description of the organization's
objective and activities as well as the purpose and amount of grant request.

Applications should include a resume of the organization's leadership, a copy of
the organization's latest financial statement, a current budget that identifies
all sources of income and expense, IRS documents confirming the organization's
501 (c)(3) status and copy of applicant's most recent 990.

To see more of The Janesville Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.gazetteextra.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081205-JG-Foundations-play-a-role-in-helping-nonprofits-1205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2008 The Janesville Gazette


                              650 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                              July 3, 2015 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Wildfires cost far more than we think

BYLINE: Robert W. Gray, Times Colonist

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 705 words


Wildfires this year are going to cost the provincial government much more than
it thinks. At the end of every fire season the province reports on how much
taxpayers' money went into fire suppression - but the cost of suppression is
only a fraction of the total or "true" cost of wildfires.

In a position paper just released by the world's three pre-eminent fire-science
associations, the Association for Fire Ecology, the International Association of
Wildland Fire and the Nature Conservancy, the authors point out that the true
cost of wildfires is typically two to 32 times the suppression cost
(fireecologyjournal.org/reducewildfire-risks/).

The addition of long-term indirect and additional costs (often up to a decade
after the fire) include humanhealth effects, loss of business income, reduced
property values and erosion mitigation.

For example, the 2003 fire season in B.C. was estimated in early 2004 to have a
total cost of approximately $1.2 billion, with suppression making up only a
third of the cost. This estimate, produced by the accounting firm Grant
Thornton, is likely to be conservative as it did not include such high-cost
items as long-term human physical and emotional health, the loss of life (three
firefighters lost their lives), and soil erosion and infrastructure damage
resulting from strong rainfall events on burned areas.

In another example, the 2012 Rim Fire in California cost $127 million to
suppress; however, long-term indirect and additional costs are expected to push
the total cost of the fire to $1.8 billion.

Knowing that wildfires have an even greater economic impact on annual provincial
and local government budgets than originally estimated should compel the
province to invest more in proactive wildfirehazard mitigation. Unfortunately,
that has not been the case.

In 2014, the province didn't invest any money in wildfire-hazard mitigation
through investment in the Union of B.C. Municipalities Strategic Wildfire
Prevention Program Initiative. It did, however, invest over $70 million in flood
mitigation.

Since 2002, the province has invested over $2 billion in earthquake mitigation.
In the 11 years since the 2003 fire season and the release of the Filmon Report,
the province has invested only $100 million in wildfirehazard mitigation, yet
the cost of suppression alone over that same period has been $2.2 billion.
Investments in hazard mitigation are only a fraction of the total amount being
spent on fighting fires plus the damage caused by those fires - a pattern that
runs counter to sensible cost-benefit riskmanagement practices.

In B.C., there is a significant discrepancy in funding of hazard mitigation for
high-cost, high-risk natural disturbances; where there appears to be plenty of
money for the proactive management of earthquake and flood hazards, there is
almost none for wildfires.

The reason is that wildfirehazard mitigation has traditionally been expected to
pay for itself through forest-thinning and the sale of forest products such as
dimension lumber and biomass for energy.

Unfortunately, logging for profit is not the same as wildfire-hazard mitigation
- they are two distinctly different objectives, and obfuscating them might run
counter to effectiveness. In many parts of the interior of the province, much of
the value is in larger-diameter, fire-tolerant trees, which are also the trees
that need to be left to maintain a fire-resilient forest.

The component of the forest that needs to be removed is the smalldiameter,
fire-intolerant trees and the dead trees (both standing and fallen) - neither of
which are very profitable to remove or utilize. In many cases, there are too
many of the latter and too few of the former to make a treatment profitable, so
in the end the hazard doesn't get treated.

To be truly effective at wildfirehazard mitigation, the province will need to
look at subsidizing the removal of forest biomass - both merchantable and
non-merchantable, much the way it subsidizes the mitigation of hazard from
earthquakes and floods. Otherwise, it will continue to spend billions of dollars
of taxpayers' money on wildfire suppression and post-wildfire cleanup and
rehabilitation.

Robert W. Gray is a fire ecologist. He lives in Chilliwack.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 18, 2013 Wednesday

Auburn opens new Mike Hubbard Center for Advanced Science, Innovation and
Commerce

LENGTH: 741  words

DATELINE: Montgomery


Auburn University has issued the following news release:

Auburn University officials held a ribbon-cutting ceremony today for its new
Mike Hubbard Center for Advanced Science, Innovation and Commerce, an
84,000-square-foot facility designed to foster multidisciplinary research,
advance the university's academic mission and generate economic development in
the state.

The facility, located in the Auburn Research Park, will enhance Auburn's
scientific research in bioenergy, water quality, food safety and engineering,
genomics, information science and ecosystem health. It has 20 high-tech
laboratories with specialized equipment, a super computer, seminar rooms and
outside features such as two 5-ton cranes for biofuels work.

Researchers from Auburn's colleges and schools of Agriculture; Engineering;
Sciences and Mathematics; Architecture, Design and Construction; and Forestry
and Wildlife Sciences will be housed in the building.

"This new facility will provide the ideal environment and infrastructure
required to develop, test and implement solutions for Auburn's strategic
research initiatives," said John Mason, vice president for research at Auburn.
"These include our focus on cyber systems and security, energy and the
environment, health sciences and food systems and transportation."

Construction on the $28.8 million center began in late 2011. In June 2012 the
Auburn University Board of Trustees voted to name it after Alabama House Speaker
Mike Hubbard, who helped secure $14.1 million in state matching funds to
accompany a $14.5 million grant from the U.S. Department of Commerce's National
Institute of Standards and Technology. Auburn University and the Alabama
Agricultural Experiment Station provided the remaining support and will fund the
operation of the center.

"We are grateful to Speaker Hubbard and Dr. Willie May of the National Institute
of Standards and Technology for their support and commitment to Auburn
University's research efforts and the land-grant mission," Mason said. "Our
faculty and students will benefit immensely through the research we will
conduct."

The center has the potential to bring in millions of dollars in research grants
and contracts annually, which can result in several times that amount in
amplified economic impact per year.

"I am deeply honored to have my name associated with this remarkable center and
I know the potential research breakthroughs and economic benefits will
exponentially benefit the great state of Alabama for years to come," Hubbard
said. "Auburn is known across the country, and across the world, for its
research capabilities and this facility will only help expand that reputation."

Officials say work done in the building could be a boon to the state's economy,
such as the renewable energy focus leading to new jobs. Food safety research
will also position Alabama as a hub for the nation's food safety testing,
technology development and training.

"As our global population grows and societies change in many ways, we are facing
new challenges across the agricultural landscape," said Bill Batchelor, dean of
the College of Agriculture and director of the Alabama Agricultural Experiment
Station. "It is critically important that our researchers have the tools and
resources they need to discover real solutions to these challenges, and that is
what the Hubbard Center is offering. This is a valuable facility for Auburn and
for the agricultural industry as a whole."

Water research at the facility will explore issues such as water availability,
quality and use, all of which are vital to Alabama's economic development.
Genomics and informatics-based technologies - two recently emerged branches of
science that focus on the discovery and utilization of the entire genetic
potential of plants, animals and microorganisms - that are developed at the
building could attract new businesses and enterprises to Alabama, creating
employment opportunities to foster a science-based and technology-driven economy
that attracts additional clean and green industry to Alabama.

The Perkins and Will architectural firm designed the center that is expected to
achieve the U.S. Green Building Council's gold certification in Leadership in
Energy and Environmental Design, or LEED, for its energy efficiency, safety
features and low environmental impact. The construction manager for the facility
was Brasfield and Gorrie.

For more information please visit: http://www.auburn.edu.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            October 26, 2008 Sunday

ST. AUGUSTINE AIRPORT AUTHORITY

SECTION: Pg. VG-18

LENGTH: 668 words


JOSEPH J. LOPINTO JR.

GROUP 4

Age: 62

Previous office: None.

Education: Bachelor's degree, Adelphi University.

Occupation: Retired airline captain; owner of Andover Consulting Group.

Family: Wife of 32 years, Patricia; two children.

Web site: sites.google.com/site/josephjlopintojr

What are the two most important issues? Fiscal responsibility to taxpayers.
"Reduce ad valorem millage rate, commit to being off the tax rolls by fiscal
year 2010, continue effective budgeting and execution of the plan [and] maximize
federal and state grant programs." Funding the future. "Seek out profitable and
sustainable business models. ... " Community sensitivity. "Increase awareness of
airport's positive economic impact within the county and region; facilitate
noise abatement and mitigation programs. ..."

How can your leadership style contribute to the office? "I have a professional
background that spans over 40 years in the aviation and air transportation
industries. ..."

HERBERT L. RIPPE

GROUP 5

Age: 56

Previous office: None.

Education: Bachelor's degree, University Cincinnati.

Occupation: Retired from Emerson Electric.

Family: Wife, Susan.

Web site: Voterippe.com

What are the most important issues facing your district? Self-sufficiency for
the airport as well as "careful stewardship" of tax dollars. "Support the new
airport park and noise abatement initiatives. Accelerate the process and
progress that has been made to become more environmentally and neighborhood
friendly [and] reacquire commercial air service."

How can your leadership style contribute to the office? "... My life's work has
been business. Our airport is also a business and needs to be run like one. I
have the knowledge, financial management skills and experience necessary to take
our airport to the next level. ... My reason for running for this office, which
is an unpaid position, is to make a difference and to give back to this great
community that my wife, Susan, and I call home."

JAMES S. WERTER

GROUP 4

Age: 54

Previous office: None.

Education: John Jay College of Criminal Justice, University of Bridgeport School
of Law.

Occupation: Attorney.

Family: Wife, Jacqueline Fisher-Werter; four stepchildren.

Web site: jameswerter.com

What are the most important issues facing your district? "The increase of usage
by commercial aviation and improving airport productivity. However, let's not
forgot that the airport brings in about $500 million of revenue to St. Johns
County right now. Also, the airport would be a rally point in the event of any
catastrophic event in the area. This airport has been a focal point of activity
for many years."

How can your leadership style contribute to the office you are seeking? "In my
careers in law enforcement, the military and in the practice of law, I have
developed a great ability to solve problems, receive input and achieve
objectives. I would like to be a cohesive force around and about the airport in
efforts to make even a more valuable asset to the community."

CARL YOUMAN

GROUP 5

Age: 69

Previous office: None.

Education: Bachelor's degree, American University.

Occupation: Retired CSX Transportation operations officer; entrepreneur,
CCRC-Rail Logistics.

Family: Wife of 44 years, Connie; two sons, Carl II and Alan; two grandsons.

Web site: carlyouman.com

What are the most important issues facing your district? Maintaining and
continuing to get airport off the tax rolls. "This will be accomplished by
increasing revenues from securing commercial service, new business at the
airport, increasing hangar fees and exercising strict expense control to enhance
operational profits needed to maintain and grow the airport." Also important is
to partner with Northrop Grumman, develop a program to present reports on the
positive side of the airport activities and to be a good neighbor . ..."

How can your leadership style contribute to the office you are seeking? "...
[By] setting the policy framework based on the company's goals, removing
obstacles, and staying out of the way of people doing their jobs. ..."

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Mug: Joseph J. Lopinto Jr. Mug: Herbert L. Rippe Mug: James S. Werter Mug: Carl
Youman

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Florida Times-Union


                              653 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Western Daily Press

                                December 7, 1998

Gauging the well-being of old homes

SECTION: Business, Pg.28/ 29

LENGTH: 341 words


HISTORIC house owners across the West are being offered a health check to ensure
they remain in tip top financial health.

The Bristol office of top people's accountants Saffery Champness has launched
the service in association with Jeremy Eckstein Associates, a heritage, arts and
tourism consultancy.

The initiative has been endorsed by the Historic Houses Association and offers a
fixed price audit gauging the financial and economic well-being of stately homes
and their related businesses.

Called the Historic Houses Health Check, it is tailor-made to suit each
property.

Jerry Barnes, head of Saffery Champness' Bristol office said: "Historic house
owners are under increasing pressure to embrace some element of commercialism if
they are to make adequate provision for a secure future.

"We recognise that many historic house owners need sophisticated specialist
advice and information.

"There are many historic houses in the South-west, some open to the public and
others still used as family homes.

"They are often on estates, which are a whole series of complex businesses that
relate to each other."

Subjects covered include an assessment of revenue earning opportunities
including opening the house or gardens for corporate events or to the public.
Availability of improvement and maintenance grants, income tax, inheritance
taxes and the valuation of works of art for capital tax purposes are also
explained.

On the consultancy side, economic impact studies and visitor surveys are also
conducted for owners as part of the package.

"A house opening for the first time, or one which is uncertain whether it is
reaching its maximum commercial potential in terms of visitors or business
revenues, needs to assess its experience in the context of similar operations,"
said Mr Barnes.

Martin Webster, Saffery Champness' estates group senior partner is also working
on the health check initiative. Mr Webster was appointed special tax adviser to
the Historic Houses Association earlier this year.


LOAD-DATE: December 7, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 1998 Bristol United Press


                              654 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Caribbean News Now, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

OPINION: The BCA's growth in a changing environment

BYLINE: Youri Kemp, Caribbean News Now, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 1183 words


Aug. 23--The Bahamian Contractors Association (BCA) has come a long way in its
development as an organization in The Bahamas. Within one short year, great work
has been done with regard to growing the organization's revenue; winning a
pioneering grant project aimed at strengthening the BCA's training programmes;
developing its lobbying mechanisms to be more effective; and growing the BCA's
revenue and membership all in one swoop. It is progress well noted and something
that other non-profit organizations and for profit organizations can take sharp
example from.

When I first met the then president of the BCA Stephen Wrinkle and his executive
director, at the time during a stint I had as a consultant with the
Inter-American Development Bank for their Multi-lateral Investment Fund, both
men were at their wits end with regard to the amount of opportunities for
advancement for Bahamian contractors.

The BCA has been an organization since 1952 and, since Mr Wrinkle's leadership
within the past two and a half years since we had first met, not much had
changed over those last 50 plus years with regard to the overall participation
from contractors; the level of administrative and economic impact the BCA had as
an organization; the tools, systems and programmes that the BCA used as an
organization; and the support from the broader public with addressing issues
such as corrupt contractors; and assistance with regard to legislation and
regulations that would work to boost the industry as a whole.

What's even worse, as an organization like the BCA, it was branded as being an
elitist organization catering only to the big contractors, leaving the small and
medium sized contractors out of the process. While sentiments to this effect may
be a little misplaced, much has been done to instil confidence in other quarters
of the construction industry that felt that they have been left out.

When writing a project that would correct these deficiencies within the BCA and
work with regard to making the necessary adjustments in the private sector, we
focused on three key areas: the commercial relevance and viability of the BCA by
increasing membership and participation, which meant that smaller contractors
and medium sized contractors would have to be more involved in the process;
creating a training programme for the trainer of trainers and contractors alike,
so that smaller contractors did in fact have a chance to participate in large
projects, once the proper training and skills assessment and market requirements
were assessed; and increasing the lobbying power of the BCA by formalizing the
international partnerships of the BCA and strengthening national partnerships in
a concentrated manner.

After those first meetings with the BCA, the IADB and myself, and after having
left a template for a project for strengthening the BCA on the table ready to be
approved, I had disengaged from the IADB and then, after such, the BCA, and I
started a working partnership in a number of areas. The first of which was that
one of the major stumbling blocks in the way of the BCA was the issue of
developing a credible business-relay to the public and vested stakeholders that
it was in fact ready to make the move into becoming a more effective association
for all members.

The second major stumbling block was that the BCA's revenue points were weak,
and the prospects of raising revenue relative to what was doable on the ground
was also weak as to what was envisioned by their governing board.

The third major issue was that the BCA had not the technical expertise on the
ground to pave the way for them obtaining the grant from the IADB, or for that
matter obtaining and securing funding from the Baha Mar development team for
more funding for training for contractors to be able to get better contracts
from the works being done at Baha Mar and elsewhere.

What happened since mid-2010 to mid-2011 was nothing short of phenomenal. Not
only did membership increase by over 450 percent, we also increased revenue by
nearly 1,200 percent, without taking into account the grant funding from the
IADB, by applying basic marketing and follow through fundamentals, even in the
face of a newly started, competing organization in the New Providence
Contractors Association (NPCA) that has gained much traction within the industry
and has also garnered public sympathy for their plight.

As simple as it sounds, contractors knew of the BCA, some even took part in BCA
events in the past, but many of them were unaware that the BCA was an
organization that they could have joined and let alone make more effective.
Through my tracking, three of the five5 contractors contacted over the course of
the 12 months I was surprised that none of them knew that they could become
legitimate members of the BCA and four of the five contractors didn't know
exactly what the BCA did, even though they had heard of it or in fact
participated in BCA events in the past. This indicated to me that even though
they had heard about the BCA before in the past, they were unaware or have never
been contacted fully on the benefits of joining the BCA.

What's even more exciting about the recent developments with the BCA is that the
IADB project will increase membership exponentially through one of its
components, as well as put in place the framework for the BCA Institute -- a
full scaled, market sensitive training programme for anyone who is interested,
not just contractors or persons in the construction industry.

Another critical achievement that has given value for members of the BCA is the
creation of an interactive website, which allows BCA members to post their own
work to their profile spaces, allow for consumers to rate the contractor of
their choice and send reviews, as well as allows the regular news and updates on
the construction industry in The Bahamas. Some contractors have already notified
the BCA that they have been contacted for job offers through the website and
have in fact won contracts.

Apart from the lobbying in the media, the BCA was able to capitalize on major
developments in The Bahamas and it is part result to the credibility the office
gave to support the lobbying efforts and being able to demonstrate that the BCA
was not all about talk, but it was about doing.

While I personally had no hand in the training initiative or the planning of
training initiatives with the Baha Mar development team as I moved on to other
projects that required my direct attention and having completed 80 percent of my
plan, the initiatives on the ground at the BCA, tripled by the inputs from the
IADB grant, are more than exportable and can be used as a template for
partnering organizations to invest in.

The turn-around was a fantastic experience and one that should be an example for
other organizations looking to grow, take advantage of their opportunities and
develop as an entity that serves the public good!

___ (c)2011 Caribbean News Now (Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands) Visit Caribbean
News Now (Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands) at www.caribbeannewsnow.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110823-1CN-OPINION-The-BCA-s-growth-in-a-changing-environment-0823-20110823

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CN


                                 Copyright 2011


                              655 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           September 30, 2011 Friday
                                National Edition

2. Business subsidies

BYLINE: Niels Veldhuis And Charles Lammam, Financial Post

SECTION: FP COMMENT; Pg. FP11

LENGTH: 965  words


With the global economy looking ever more fragile, the Conservative government
should feel increasingly uneasy about its plan to balance the budget. To
strengthen the current plan and promptly balance the budget, Finance Minister
Jim Flaherty should aim his sights at cutting unnecessary government spending.
An easy first step is to put regional development spending on The Chopping
Block.

Since establishing the first of two region-specific development agencies in
1987-88, the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency and Western Economic
Diversification, the number of agencies and amount spent by the federal
government on regional development has increased significantly (see graph).

In 2010-11, the federal government distributed almost $2-billion through its
main regional initiatives: Federal Economic Development Agency for Southern
Ontario ($507-million), Canada Economic Development for the Regions of Quebec
($463-million), Western Economic Diversification ($429-million), Atlantic Canada
Opportunities Agency ($382-million), Northern Ontario Development Program
($61-million), and Canadian Northern Economic Development Agency ($61-million).

While these regional development schemes share common goals like encouraging
economic growth in flagging communities and regions with few employment
opportunities, they have historically had little, if any, positive net economic
impact.

All federal regional development agencies focus on providing subsidies to
businesses through repayable contributions or "loans" (often not paid back) and
non-repayable contributions. In 2009-10, subsidies to businesses and other
organizations made up 65% of Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency's spending,
54% of Western Economic Diversification spending and 62% of Canada Economic
Development for the Regions of Quebec spending.

The justification for these subsidies is that capital from the private sector is
unavailable, either because entrepreneurs are unaware of the opportunities in
these areas or unwilling to take the risk. The reality, however, is that in many
cases, loans and non-repayable subsidies are provided to businesses to fund
investments that would have proceeded without involuntary taxpayer-financed
assistance.

Also troubling is the fact that businesses receiving federal subsidies bid up
the price of labour, capital and other resources, which increases the cost of
these factors for non-subsidized businesses and ultimately reduces private
investment.

The poor track record of business subsidies spurring economic growth is well
documented. This is particularly true for the Atlantic Canada Opportunities
Agency. In a 2003 examination, University of Calgary professor Jack Mintz and
University of Toronto professor Michael Smart concluded: "the impact of [the
Agency's] activities has questionable effects on the economy at a relatively
significant cost."

Canada's Auditor-General has found similar results in its examinations of the
federal government's regional development initiatives. For instance, in a
wideranging audit of such initiatives, the Auditor-General found that most
programs had objectives stated in general terms rather than specific, measurable
goals. And despite the billions spent on economic development programs, there
was no clear consensus on results.

The Auditor-General has also confirmed that government regional subsidies
displace existing businesses. In one case, the federal government sponsored the
construction of a new fish plant in Quebec at a cost of $2.2-million. The plant
was built near an established, already operating fish plant, which also received
federal subsidies. More than 250 jobs were to be created by the construction of
the new plant, but this job creation was offset by the closure of the
established plant with as many employees.

In the case of the federal government's regional development projects in Quebec,
the Auditor-General noted how Ottawa's own evaluators of those projects could
not determine if those programs were of any benefit and noted 30% of projects
that received financial aid would have gone ahead without government assistance.

In a review of the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency, the Auditor-General
uncovered a finding of considerable concern: the agency apparently did not
consider the net economic benefit to the region of nearly a quarter of all its
projects.

At Western Economic Diversification, the Auditor-General concluded that
monitoring of projects was poor, that incomplete information existed on the
success rate of projects, and there were frequent accounts of beneficiaries
making multiple applications and receiving multiple grants for the same
projects. Indeed, 50% of more than 100 cases studied had received multiple
funding. Additionally, a third of projects in a major program administered by
Western Economic Diversification failed to meet objectives, while another third
produced inconclusive results.

Finally, a subsequent review of the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency found
that more than 20% of projects reviewed were deemed unlikely to be financially
sustainable in the future without on-going government assistance. Meanwhile,
recipients of the Agency's Business Development Program repaid only $78-million
(or 17%) of $460-million in repayable contributions.

Rather than use taxpayer money for regional development initiatives that have a
history of questionable benefit, the government should focus on creating the
right economic environment for all businesses to succeed through lower taxes,
minimal red tape, prudent government finances, and the maintenance of adequate
infrastructure.

With a potential $8-billion in savings over the next four years, regional
development spending is a top contender.

- Niels Veldhuis and Charles Lammam are economists with the Fraser Institute.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                  S.Brite Inc

                            9308 North Mountain Lane
                               Spokane,  WA 99218
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (406) 239-4391
FAX: (888) 876-5075
URL: www.sbriteinc.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   S. Brite, Inc. creates positive social, environmental, and economic impacts
by supporting sustainability-centered initiatives. It does this by providing
technology-driven, culturally-sensitive resource development and planning
services. S. Brite, Inc.'s work is rooted in the belief that access to resources
is about equality. It represents the type and degree of power and freedom we
have as individuals, communities, and nations to self-determine current and
future needs, priorities, and strategies. Providing grants, plans, studies, and
trainings to support sustainable developments.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              657 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Policy Dialogue on Language begins at HEC

LENGTH: 893  words

DATELINE: New York


New York, Oct. 27 -- A three-day conference "Policy Dialogue on Language"
jointly organized by the Department of Humanities and Social Sciences, Air
University and Higher Education Commission (HEC) began here on Tuesday. Zaffar
Nasrullah, Additional Secretary, Capital Administration and Development Division
(CADD) addressing the event as a chief guest said that discussing a language is
always a sensitive issue as it involves sentiments, culture and ethnicity. He
said the world nations, whether German, French, Bengalis, or Hindus, have their
own languages and they promote them in different manners. He said that Urdu and
English are common languages spoken in Pakistan, and Urdu apart from being a
vital language, is also an important element of national integrity. Terming
`E-language' a new language in the modern world, he called for adopting a
pragmatic approach towards the linguistic development in the country. He
appreciated HEC and Air University for their initiative and endeavours to
preserve the national values.

Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Arshad Ali Executive Director HEC stressed the
need for promoting use of Urdu in general discussions, meetings, conferences and
seminars to give it a righteous status. He maintained that a practical approach
is necessary to implement any policy. "We need to act in by practical terms
being mentally convinced, emotionally attached and intentionally prepared to do
what we think," he emphasized. Referring to the Supreme Court order, he said
that National Language Authority, Federal Urdu University, provincial education
departments and experts of languages serving in language departments of
different universities should also be involved in the brainstorming process so
as to benefit from their experiences. He urged the participants to look into the
international trends pertaining to languages so that the young generation could
keep pace with the world.

Dr. Arshad held out assurance that HEC will extend cooperation in fulfillment of
research requirements and policy implementation to every move meant for
promotion of the national language. Mentioning HEC initiatives for promotion of
Social Sciences in the country, he said HEC Thematic Research Grant has also
been increased. "The grant has been increased to 300 million rupees and
promotion of languages has also a significant part in it," he informed. In her
opening remarks earlier, Dr. Wasima Shahzad Dean, Faculty of Social Sciences,
Air University said that language is a tool to express one's identity and
represent one's social and economic fabric, adding that it builds emotions and
creates art and literature. Shedding light on the significance of national
language, Urdu, she described various lingual differences and lingual movements
witnessed in Pakistan in the past years. She also dilated different factors
associated with languages considering them a matter of `shame or pride'. "No
language is uncivilized, rather all languages have their own beauty," she
asserted. She said that it is a high time to rediscover the nation and promote
national language. She urged the conference participants to raise issues
pertaining to the topic during the three-day activity, brainstorm problems and
sort out solutions to them.

While elaborating the purpose of the conference, Dr.

Zafarullah Qureshi said that the Dialogue is a move that eyes change in the
entire linguistic landscape. He added that it aims at bringing linguists and
experts together to contemplate over the hurdles lying in execution of the
Supreme Court order of implementing Urdu as an official language. He hoped that
the policy guidelines finalized in the Dialogue will prove to be helpful in
devising a comprehensive national language policy to execute the SC order. He
vowed that the Air University will continue to support the Government in
implementing its policies.

Dr. Swathi M. Vanniarajan, Professor Psycholinguistics at San Jose State
University, California, USA was the keynote speaker. He highlighted the
importance of language policy for a nation. He said that language policy has
far-reaching social, educational and economic impacts. He continued to say that
language policy is inclusive and it gives identity to a nation, helps increasing
literacy rate, develops lingual uniformity, and increases access to education.
He added that many high achievers are bi or trilingual, stressing the importance
of knowing more than one language.

The first and second days of the conference are reserved for Focused Group
Sessions engaging national and international scholars from academia, media, law,
banking, aviation, governmental organizations and other institutions to provide
policy recommendations in respect of the status of English, Urdu and regional
languages in Pakistan. On the third day, recommendations and a detailed report
will be drafted. This international conference is part of the `Emerging Trends
of Researching Language, Linguistics and Literature' held by Air University last
year in which Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed, Chairman, HEC had proposed conducting of a
dialogue with respect to the status of English, Urdu and regional languages in
Pakistan

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Archangels syndicate records busiest year yet with £14m of funding for companies

BYLINE: Victoria Masterson

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 518 words


ARCHANGELS, the ­Scottish business angel syndicate, said 2015 was one of its
busiest years on record, with almost £14 million of funding arranged for
early-stage businesses, up 14 per cent on 2014.

This means the ­Edinburgh-based syndicate has arranged more than £200m of
investment capital since it was formed in 1992 by veteran Scottish investors
Mike Rutterford and Barry Sealey. The figure includes funds leveraged from
co-investors including Scottish Enterprise's investment arm, the Scottish
Investment Bank.

"It's been another ­tremendously strong year for us," said Archangels' chief
operating officer David Ovens. "Given the run rate of activity we've got just
now, I reckon we'll certainly be up at similar levels in 2016. We're focused on
tech businesses as a syndicate and we're reviewing one or two very interesting
plans at the moment."

Over the next two months, Mr Ovens said total funds invested directly by
Archangels' network of private investors - it currently has 70 members - would
reach the £100m mark.

"It's a significant figure in terms of overall investment," Mr Ovens added. "In
recent years our members have been investing over £7m a year. An economic impact
study last year from Strathclyde University's Hunter Centre for Entrepreneurship
demonstrates that for every £1 invested from our members, we generate up to £9
of economic activity and £14 of turnover. So we leverage quite a lot of economic
impact from our activities."

The syndicate's portfolio currently includes Touch Bionics, the Livingston-based
prosthetic limb specialist; Edinburgh-based Reactec, which has developed
monitoring technology for harmful hand and arm vibration in users of heavy
industrial equipment and Fife-based PowerPhotonic, which designs high value
optics that manipulate the light from lasers for customers in sectors from
defence to medicine.

In 2015, Archangels arranged £13.9m of funding over 18 funding rounds, up from
£12.2m in 2014.

Archangels' investors themselves invested £7.4m in 2015 - marginally down from
£7.5m the previous year. Another £4.1m of investment capital was contributed by
the Scottish Investment Bank and £2.4m from other partners. The biggest single
investment led by Archangels during 2015 was £1.3m in Edinburgh-based Calcivis,
which is developing a dental imaging system to improve the management of tooth
decay. This was the first tranche of a £2.6m overall funding commitment which
also helped to secure a further £2m grant from the European Horizon 2020 SME
Instrument programme, a European Commission initiative to promote research and
innovation.

The syndicate also returned £16m of cash to investors in 2015, including £6.4m
to Archangels investors. This was achieved through a mix of dividends and the
trade sales of two portfolio companies - Livingston-based web security
specialist Bloxx, which was sold to Massachusetts-based Akamai Technologies -
and Dundee-based contract research firm CXR Biosciences, which was sold to
Manchester-based consultancy Concept Life Sciences.

Not included in the numbers is the £259m sale of Fife retinal imaging firm Optos
to Nikon.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HER


                      Copyright 2016 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                The Tripoli Post

                             May 25, 2013 Saturday

Libya Diaspora Marketplace to Help People of Libya

LENGTH: 364 words


The United States Agency for International Development (USAID) and Western Union
have launched the Libya Diaspora Marketplace (LDM). It will award up to four
winning businesses with matching grants of between $25,000 and $50,000 with
accompanying technical assistance.

The Libya Diaspora Marketplace encourages sustainable economic growth and
employment by supporting entrepreneurs who are US citizens or permanent resident
members of the Libyan diaspora community, as well as those who have a relevant
connection to, or experience in, Libya.

Grants awarded for startup or existing small and medium enterprises will focus
on high-priority, high-impact sectors that meet the immediate and evolving
development needs of the country.

Alina Romanowski, USAID's Acting Assistant Administrator for the Middle East
Burea said: 'The recent events in the region have offered USAID opportunities to
adjust our approaches to assistance in the Middle East and North Africa and
forge new partnerships across the region.' She went on to say: 'I'm excited
these new relationships also include the LDM initiative and the diaspora who
want to make a difference in their homeland during a historical time.' USAID
began redirecting assistance and putting new programmes into place to help the
people of Libya in response to a rapidly unfolding situation across the Middle
East and North Africa, laying the foundation for a democratic future and
economic prosperity that engages and benefits all Libyans.

The inclusion of Libyan diaspora in the LDM highlights a commitment to
facilitating diaspora entrepreneurs who want to contribute to the development of
their home countries.

'The LDM is an innovative model for corporate, government and nonprofit
collaboration to promote entrepreneurship and the employment it supports.
Expanding the African Diaspora Marketplace for Libya leverages its unique
benefits to help create lasting social and economic impact,' said Aida Diarra,
Western Union Regional Vice President for North Central and West Africa.

USAID hosted an informational webinar about the LDM on April 18, 2013. The
programme, that started accepting proposals since April 8, will close on Friday,
May 31.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 4


 Copyright 2013 The Tripoli Post - Trade, Publishing & Distribution (TPD Ltd.).
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                  September 27, 1995, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Municipal report says arts funds must be maintained

BYLINE: BY ROBERT CREW TORONTO STAR

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 383 words


Current levels of cultural grants to City of Toronto arts organizations must be
maintained in any shakeup of local government, the Golden commission on
municipal reform has been told.

And the Toronto Arts Council has urged the commission to "seriously consider the
significant economic, employment and quality of life contributions made to the
urban environment by the Toronto arts and culture community."

In its 13-page written submission titled "A Cultural Vision," the arts council
also recommends encouraging municipal initiatives to support and foster the
arts.

Current funding contributed by Metro and the City of Toronto totals $ 11.8
million. Metro Culture division distributes $ 6.6 million to 325 organizations
(of which $ 6.34 million go to City of Toronto arts groups). The Toronto Arts
Council funds 318 organizations and 145 individuals from its $ 5.27 million
budget, spending $ 570,000 on administration.

The submission points out that in 1986-87, when the Greater London Council was
abolished, the British government replaced in full the 25 million pounds ($ 54
million) previously handed out by the GLC.

The arts and culture industry creates 160,000 jobs, directly and indirectly in
the Greater Toronto Area, and has revenues of $ 200 million, creating a national
economic impact of $ 900 million, the submission says.

The commercial theatre sector has annual revenues of $ 130 million and
attendance at Toronto arts and culture events is approximately 15 million. If
the Metro level of government is eliminated, the extra cost to Toronto taxpayers
of maintaining funding at its current level would be approximately $ 6 per
taxpayer.

And the submission puts forward several ways of raising the additional money:

* Earmark a percentage of gross City of Toronto property-based revenue for arts
and cultural spending;

* Develop a formula based on usage to collect regional contributions;

* A hotel/motel tax, similar to that in San Francisco and Chicago;

* A municipal arts lottery;

* A voluntary tax dedicated to the arts.

"Great cities are fabricated not just from bricks and mortar but from the
imaginative constructs of their artists," the submission says. "We should take
advantage of what we already have and what we've already achieved."


LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              661 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                   November 21, 2002 Thursday, FINAL EDITION

'Smart growth' program receives EPA recognition

BYLINE: John J. Monahan; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 606 words



The Bush administration has recognized Massachusetts' efforts to help cities and
towns save open space and combat sprawl as one of the most outstanding and
innovative new ''smart growth'' projects in the country.

Robert A. Durand, state secretary of environmental affairs, accepted one of four
national 'Smart Growth' awards from U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
Administrator Christie Whitman Monday in Washington D.C., recognizing the
state's Community Preservation Initiative.

The multifaceted state program has provided advanced planning tools to
communities to allow them to anticipate future growth, while encouraging
projects to preserve community character and protect open space.

Another element of the state approach, started two years ago with adoption of
the Community Preservation Act, allows communities to set aside local tax funds
for preservation programs, which are then matched by state grants.

So far 58 communities have adopted the Preservation Act to dedicate local tax
funds to open space preservation projects, out of 107 communities that have
placed the local option before voters. That includes seven communities where
voters approved the local option question on their ballot Nov. 5.

Ms. Whitman said the awards are intended to ''shine a spotlight on the best of
the best smart growth achievements'' in the country.

''The driving force of smart growth is to provide each American with greater
quality of life by developing healthy communities with flourishing economies,
open space for parks and recreation, and convenient transportation choices,''
she said.

EPA noted that the Massachusetts initiative, developed by Mr. Durand's office,
is aimed at creating a constituency of residents and elected officials who
support and implement smart growth policies. The program also encourages
communities to grow where infrastructure already exists, redevelop urban areas,
and use density to offset pressure on open space development.

The program included creation of 351 build-out maps, one for each community in
the state showing the economic and land use impacts of growth based on current
zoning and development trends, and provided funds for communities to undertake
master plans to outline zoning and planning changes to preserve community
historic and open space amenities.

The effort involved holding 20 community preservation summits around the state
attended by about 150 people each, and six ''super summits'' attended by up to
300 people each. The community assistance also involved distribution of new
computer planning tools that allowed analysis of economic impacts of
developments and analysis of various future development scenarios.

The project, which is still under way, has also involved about 60 housing,
historic preservation and environmental groups in local planning efforts.

Other projects receiving recognition from the EPA with national Smart Growth
awards were:

Five dense, mixed-use developments planned around Metro Stations in Arlington
County, Va., to create villages where people can live, shop, work and play using
transit pedestrian walkways, bicycles or cars.

A Breckenridge, Colo., project that has re-used land and created affordable
housing for working families; the project provides a free transit shuttle to the
nearby downtown and has helped prevent sprawl in the Rocky Mountain tourist
town.

A transit-oriented development incentive program in San Mateo County, Calif.,
that uses public transportation funds to help towns that build housing near rail
stations, directly linking land use with efficient use of existing
transportation systems.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2002 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              662 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                The Tripoli Post

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday

USAID and Western Union Launch the Libya Diaspora Marketplace

LENGTH: 372 words


http://www.diasporamarketplace.org United States Agency for International
Development (USAID) and Western Union have launched the Libya Diaspora
Marketplace (LDM). The LDM will award up to four winning businesses with
matching grants of between $25,000 and $50,000 with accompanying technical
assistance.

The LDM encourages sustainable economic growth and employment by supporting
entrepreneurs who are US citizens or permanent resident members of the Libyan
diaspora community, as well as those who have a relevant connection to, or
experience in, Libya.

Grants awarded for startup or existing small and medium enterprises will focus
on high-priority, high-impact sectors that meet the immediate and evolving
development needs of the country.

Alina Romanowski, USAID's Acting Assistant Administrator for the Middle East
Bureau said: 'The recent events in the region have offered USAID opportunities
to adjust our approaches to assistance in the Middle East and North Africa and
forge new partnerships across the region.' She went on to say: 'I'm excited
these new relationships also include the LDM initiative and the diaspora who
want to make a difference in their homeland during a historical time.' USAID
began redirecting assistance and putting new programmes into place to help the
people of Libya in response to a rapidly unfolding situation across the Middle
East and North Africa, laying the foundation for a democratic future and
economic prosperity that engages and benefits all Libyans.

The inclusion of Libyan diaspora in the LDM highlights this commitment to
facilitating diaspora entrepreneurs who want to contribute to the development of
their home countries.

'The LDM is an innovative model for corporate, government and nonprofit
collaboration to promote entrepreneurship and the employment it supports.
Expanding the ADM to Libya leverages its unique benefits to help create lasting
social and economic impact," said Aida Diarra, Western Union Regional Vice
President for North Central and West Africa.

USAID will be hosting an informational webinar on Thursday, April 18, 2013.

More Information about the webinar, the LDM, how to apply and deadlines can be
found at . Submission of proposals commenced on April 5, 2013.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 4


 Copyright 2013 The Tripoli Post - Trade, Publishing & Distribution (TPD Ltd.).
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Mirror (Pahrump, Nevada)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 29, 2012

$12 million in community funds available for rural areas

BYLINE: The Mirror staff

LENGTH: 505  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development has announced that
approximately $12 million is available for rural communities in Southern Nevada.
Small communities, municipalities, tribes and nonprofits in areas with a
population of less than 20,000 can apply for grants or loans with the USDA Rural
development. According to Kelly Clark of special projects and public affairs
specialist, the program, entitled the Community Facility Direct Loans and Grants
Program, would allow for community entities to apply for funds for improvement
or needed community facilities. Giving an example of a small community in
Caliente, CA, Clark explained that they had awarded funds to purchase two pumper
trucks for its fire department.

"Community facility loan rates are at record low levels and the term is
flexible," the announcement stated. When contacted for more information, Clark
explained that the funds had to be used for a one time purpose and not for
reoccurring expenses. Clark stated that a loan or a grant could be applied for
to build a medical clinic or for equipment but would not cover such things as
service or maintenance. The program has three categories, starting with health,
followed by public safety and ending with public service. With the public
service category, the funds could be used for adult or child care centers,
courthouses, airports, schools and fairgrounds. With public safety, funds
available could be used to fund police, fire and emergency services. Projects
that could be completed when applied for under the health category could be used
to build hospitals, clinics and nursing homes.

"Priority is given to areas with 5,000 people or less and the deadline for the
fiscal year 2011 is August 1 of 2012," Clark told The Mirror. With the loan
portion of the program, the term limit would depend on the purpose of the loan
with Clark informing The Mirror that if the funds were to be used to buy a fire
truck, the loan would need to be paid off within the life of the truck. As a
example, Clark stated that for a school bus, the loan would be financed for five
to seven years or the standard life of the bus, where as a fire station could be
financed for up to 30 years. The maximum limit is a 40 year loan.

When informed about a recent news article concerning the Town of Amargosa
needing funds for its medical clinic, Clark stated that the town was more than
welcome to apply for the available funds. According to the announcement released
on the matter, for the 2012 fiscal year, the USDARural Development program has
nearly $11.9 million available for direct loans, $ 1.7 million for guaranteed
loans and $89,400 in grants available. There is also approximately $64,900
available under the Economic Impact Initiative grants for communities with an
unemployment rate of 19.5 percent or higher.

Call USDA Rural Development at (775)887-1222 ext. 104 for more information.
There are application guidelines available at www.rurdev.usda.gov

Contact author Genesee Martin by emailing genny.themirror@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PAH

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2012 The Mirror (Pahrump, Nevada)


                              664 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                             August 4, 2014 Monday

@HD New Head 48 light;Rise of the new philanthropists @BT New Screen/briefs Text
- no indent;As wealth shifts towards emerging markets, a new generation of
philanthropists are entering the world stage. They want to give back, not just
by handing a cheque to charity, but by playing an active role in shaping the
future of their communities.

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 897 words


Successful entrepreneurs have always been giving back to society, but as their
wealth grows, business owners across emerging markets are seeking to make a
bigger social and economic impact on communities â[#x20ac]" reinvesting private
proceeds from their business and helping to raise awareness of key issues at a
global level.

Our own research confirms that wealthy entrepreneurs prioritise philanthropy,
and an active form at that. In a report commissioned from Campden Wealth
Research, we surveyed 60 high-net-worth business owners across Asia, Africa and
the Middle East, and almost all of them said they currently contribute to
charitable causes or plan to become involved in the future.

More specifically, these entrepreneurs are focused on local initiatives and look
for an active involvement.

"I'm excited less by financial donation and more with how we can give back to
communities," one of them told us.

Education in particular is seen by wealthy business owners as the top issue that
they want to devote their resources and time to â[#x20ac]" ahead of healthcare,
poverty and food security. Almost all the emerging market entrepreneurs that we
asked rated education as "important" or "very important".

Many emerging market philanthropists want to help improve education provision,
whether by funding the building of new schools, helping to train teachers or
offering scholarships. Some are keen to provide children and young people with
opportunities they themselves did not have access to.

Prominent examples of philanthropists making a real difference in education
include Dang Yanbao, the president of China's Ningxia Baofeng Energy Group, who
pledged US$186 million in 2013 to help 10,000 disadvantaged young people in the
Ningxia region complete university.

Or India's Ashish Dhawan, a former Goldman Sachs banker and founder of private
equity firm ChrysCapital, who set up the Central Square Foundation to help
improve education in India.

Our research also suggests emerging markets are catching up fast with countries
such as the US when it comes to philanthropy. The surge in high-net-worth
individuals located in Asia, Africa and the Middle East has led to a significant
increase in the number of private foundations and organisations set up to help
donors structure their charitable efforts, such as Singapore's Centre for Asian
Philanthropy, which was founded in 2008.

For private banks operating in these regions, the growing trend towards active
philanthropy is a significant factor that is likely to affect client
relationships in the future. However, our research indicates it is also a
largely unexplored opportunity.

Almost none of the wealthy business owners we surveyed in Asia, Africa and the
Middle East are currently involved in philanthropic activity through their
private bank, with a quarter claiming that no such services are offered by their
banking partner.

Banks can and should fill this gap. They have a real opportunity to help grow
philanthropy across emerging markets, by providing the right advice and helping
clients set up charitable foundation structures and identify the best
opportunities for charitable work.

This is particularly relevant in regions such as parts of Africa and emerging
Asia where a formal culture of philanthropy is still relatively underdeveloped
and there are a limited number of structures through which to donate.

The role of banks might involve educating business owners on the risks and best
practices of philanthropy, bringing them together with like-minded peers or even
offering financing, especially for capital-intensive projects such as the
building of schools or hospitals. It should not be purely limited to advice, but
could take the form of partnerships with clients.

At Standard Chartered, we recently collaborated with a long-standing client
family and a leading non-government organisation to set up the sustainable
Seeing is Believing project that aims to deliver 30,000 sight-restoring
operations over the next five years. The client approached us realising that we
shared a common interest in providing access to healthcare in communities with
high need.

In many cases, for the individual the line between business and philanthropy
will be blurred. One of the entrepreneurs we spoke to suggested that banks could
have a role in connecting the new business owners they finance with established
entrepreneurs, giving the latter the opportunity to act as mentors for the
younger generation.

This is a poignant reminder that private banks need to think holistically about
serving these entrepreneurs â[#x20ac]" just like their business and personal
wealth is often closely linked, their business ambitions may overlap with their
social missions.

Across the world, philanthropy is seen by many high-net-worth individuals as a
natural extension of their wealth, but in emerging markets private banks have a
particular opportunity to make a difference by offering their clients impactful
and measurable ways of giving back.

As the economies in Asia, Africa and the Middle East continue to grow,
philanthropy is set to become an increasing priority. All private banks that
wish to connect more closely with their clients should take heed, working out
how best to support them in this endeavour.

Michael Benz is Global Head, Private Banking Clients, Standard Chartered Private
Bank

For more articles like this, visit our blog, ourviews.sc.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             July 14, 2011 Thursday

Pakistan: BISP to provide demand driven vocational and technical training to
150,000 beneficiaries in one year: Farzana Raja

LENGTH: 369 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, July 14 -- Chairperson Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP), Ms.
Farzana Raja has termed China as all weather friend of Pakistan and said that
the friendship between both countries has passed all tests of the time.

There is a need to further enhance cooperation in social sector between both
neighboring countries. She said this while talking to a delegation of China
Foundation for Peace and Development (CFPD) lead by its Secretary General Mr. Xu
Zhensui here in BISP Secretariat Islamabad on Tuesday.

Ms. Farzana Raja apprised members of the delegation about various initiatives
launched by BISP which have created positive economic impact in the lives of 4
million beneficiary families. By providing monthly cash grants, interest free
micro finance, demand driven vocational & technical training alongwith life
insurance facility at such magnitude, BISP has become the largest social sector
programme in South Asia.

Chairperson BISP told CFPD delegation about Conditional Cash Transfer for
Education Programme which is being launched in the near future. She also said
that BISP is targeting to provide demand driven vocational and technical
training to 150,000 beneficiaries under Waseela-e-Rozgar component in one year.

Chinese Delegation while appreciating the performance of BISP, showed keen
interest in Conditional Cash Transfer for Education and vocational & technical
training programme of BISP. Secretary General CFPD, Mr. Xu Zhensui said that the
NGO would explore the possibilities for cooperation with BISP in the fields of
health, education and technical training. The Chinese delegation was of the view
that the data collected by virtue of the nationwide poverty survey conducted by
BISP will ideally help the NGO to work on various social sector projects in
Pakistan.

During the meeting, the avenues of mutual cooperation were explored whereas
Chinese delegation invited Chairperson BISP to visit China so that both
countries can learn from each other's experiences in the social secto Published
by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Baluchistan Times

                            July 13, 2011 Wednesday

BISP to provide demand driven vocational and technical training to 150,000
beneficiaries in one year: Farzana

SECTION: Vol. XXXV No. 192

LENGTH: 332  words


Chairperson Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP), Ms. Farzana Raja has termed
China as all weather friend of Pakistan and said that the friendship between
both countries has passed all tests of the time.

There is a need to further enhance cooperation in social sector between both
neighbouring countries. She said this while talking to a delegation of China
Foundation for Peace and Development (CFPD) lead by its Secretary General Mr. Xu
Zhensui here in BISP Secretariat Islamabad on Tuesday.

Ms. Farzana Raja apprised members of the delegation about various initiatives
launched by BISP which have created positive economic impact in the lives of 4
million beneficiary families. By providing monthly cash grants, interest free
micro finance, demand driven vocational & technical training alongwith life
insurance facility at such magnitude, BISP has become the largest social sector
programme in South Asia.

Chairperson BISP told CFPD delegation about Conditional Cash Transfer for
Education Programme which is being launched in the near future. She also said
that BISP is targeting to provide demand driven vocational and technical
training to 150,000 beneficiaries under Waseela-e-Rozgar component in one year.

Chinese Delegation while appreciating the performance of BISP, showed keen
interest in Conditional Cash Transfer for Education and vocational & technical
training programme of BISP. Secretary General CFPD, Mr. Xu Zhensui said that the
NGO would explore the possibilities for cooperation with BISP in the fields of
health, education and technical training. The Chinese delegation was of the view
that the data collected by virtue of the nationwide poverty survey conducted by
BISP will ideally help the NGO to work on various social sector projects in
Pakistan.

During the meeting, the avenues of mutual cooperation were explored whereas
Chinese delegation invited Chairperson BISP to visit China so that both
countries can learn from each other's experiences in the social sector.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                            July 13, 2011 Wednesday

BISP to provide demand driven vocational & technical training to 150,000
beneficiaries: Farzana Raja

BYLINE:  GR Chandio

SECTION: Vol. IV No. 253

LENGTH: 239  words


Chairperson of the Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP), Madame Farzana Raja
has termed China as all-weather friend of Pakistan and said that the friendship
between both the countries has passed all tests of the time.

There is a need to further enhance cooperation in social sector between both
neighbouring countries. She said this while talking to a delegation of China
Foundation for Peace and Development (CFPD) lead by its Secretary General Mr. Xu
Zhensui here in the BISP Secretariat Islamabad on Tuesday.

Madame Farzana Raja apprised members of the delegation about various initiatives
launched by BISP which have created positive economic impact in the lives of 4
million beneficiary families. By providing monthly cash grants, interest free
micro finance, demand driven vocational & technical training along with life
insurance facility at such magnitude, the BISP has become the largest social
sector programme in South Asia.

The Chairperson BISP told the CFPD delegation about Conditional Cash Transfer
for Education Programme which is being launched in the near future. She also
said that BISP is targeting to provide demand driven vocational and technical
training to 150,000 beneficiaries under Waseela-e-Rozgar component in one year.

The Chinese Delegation while appreciating the performance of BISP, showed keen
interest in Conditional Cash Transfer for Education and vocational & technical
training programme of BISP.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                            July 13, 2011 Wednesday

Farzana for more coop between Pakistan, China in social sector

BYLINE:  Muhammad Arshad

SECTION: Vol. XXII No. 248

LENGTH: 332  words


Chairperson Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP), Ms. Farzana Raja has termed
China as all weather friend of Pakistan and said that the friendship between
both countries has passed all tests of the time.

There is a need to further enhance cooperation in social sector between both
neighbouring countries. She said this while talking to a delegation of China
Foundation for Peace and Development (CFPD) lead by its Secretary General Mr. Xu
Zhensui here in BISP Secretariat Islamabad on Tuesday.

Ms. Farzana Raja apprised members of the delegation about various initiatives
launched by BISP which have created positive economic impact in the lives of 4
million beneficiary families. By providing monthly cash grants, interest free
micro finance, demand driven vocational & technical training alongwith life
insurance facility at such magnitude, BISP has become the largest social sector
programme in South Asia.

Chairperson BISP told CFPD delegation about Conditional Cash Transfer for
Education Programme which is being launched in the near future. She also said
that BISP is targeting to provide demand driven vocational and technical
training to 150,000 beneficiaries under Waseela-e-Rozgar component in one year.

Chinese Delegation while appreciating the performance of BISP, showed keen
interest in Conditional Cash Transfer for Education and vocational & technical
training programme of BISP. Secretary General CFPD, Mr. Xu Zhensui said that the
NGO would explore the possibilities for cooperation with BISP in the fields of
health, education and technical training. The Chinese delegation was of the view
that the data collected by virtue of the nationwide poverty survey conducted by
BISP will ideally help the NGO to work on various social sector projects in
Pakistan.

During the meeting, the avenues of mutual cooperation were explored whereas
Chinese delegation invited Chairperson BISP to visit China so that both
countries can learn from each other's experiences in the social sector.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          North-West News (Australia)

                             June 3, 2009 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Grant extension

SECTION: Pg. 38

LENGTH: 104  words


THE recent Federal Budget announcement by Federal Member for Lilley Wayne Swan
that the First Home Owner Boost (FHOB) initiative would be extended for a
further six months was welcomed by the Real Estate Institute of Queensland
(REIQ).

The FHOB will be extended in its current form until September 30 this year, and
then decreased from October 1 to $10,500 for established homes and $14,000 for
new homes for three more months.

``The Federal Government has recognised the importance and economic impact of
first-time buyers of both existing and new homes during these uncertain times,''
said REIQ managing director Dan Molloy.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: NWN


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                              July 4, 2003, Friday

EU AID GIVES NW WALES 3,000 JOBS

BYLINE: DAVID JONES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 419 words


Business Correspondent ALMOST 3,000 new jobs have been created in north west
Wales as a result of the EU Objective 1 programme -a third of all new jobs
created in Wales under the initiative.

A report to a meeting of the North Wales Economic Forum today reveals that 852
projects with a total grant value in excess of pounds 500m have been approved in
the west Wales and the Valleys Objective 1 area.

Of those,165 projects are either local or sub-regional projects directly
benefiting north west Wales, attracting EU grants of pounds 103m and
representing a total investment of more than pounds 240m.

Figures reveal that of the four north west Wales counties within the
programme,Denbighshire has come out on top in terms of jobs, with 1,017 jobs
created by projects now under way and a further 2,041positions safeguarded.

Gwynedd has seen 755 new jobs and 1,112 safeguarded,for Anglesey the equivalent
figures are 638 and 749 and for Conwy 553 and 744.

Welsh Development Agency North Wales executive director Chris Farrow, who
compiled the report for today's forum meeting at St Asaph Business Park, said:
"The activities undertaken within north west Wales directly account for 33pc of
the gross new jobs created under the Objective 1 programme and 29pc of the jobs
safeguarded.

"These figures reveal that the sub-region is once again maximising the economic
impact of these funds."

North west Wales will also benefit from pounds 215mof EU funding that has been
awarded to projects operating throughout the Objective 1 area.

Mr Farrow says that Objective 1 is only one factor influencing job generation
but together with other factors,including state aid,it has resulted in
unemployment falling faster in North Wales that in any other part of Wales.

The pounds 1.2bn, six year Objective 1 project, which is aimed at boosting
prosperity in parts of Wales where average incomes are less than 75pcof the EU
average,came under fire last week for allegedly missing its targets.

A mid-term evaluation by two consultancies and a university showed that it had
created just 15pc of the 70,000 jobs target it hopes to hit by December, 2006.

North Wales projects which have received Objective 1 funding include the new
ferry terminal at the port of Holyhead which is to be officially opened by MEP
Glenys Kinnock later this month.

Projects in the pipeline include the first phase in the development of the
Penrhos/Toe Mawr strategic employment site on the outskirts of Holyhead.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

               Copyright 2003 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd


                              671 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                                October 20, 2008
                              Correction Appended

Akron's biomed ambitions take patience;
Experience of Worcester, Mass., shows road to research prominence is lengthy

BYLINE: SHANNON MORTLAND

LENGTH: 1161 Words


Worcester, Mass., is a lot like Akron, Ohio.

Served by a regional airport, the city of 175,000 cut its teeth on
manufacturing, is home to a major hospital and university and now stands in the
shadow of a larger and better-known metropolitan area. The similarities end
there, but Akron is looking to mirror Worcester to an even greater extent in one
significant way.

By pulling together $80 million over the next five years for their newly
unveiled BioInnovation Institute, key Akron leaders hope their city can gain a
place among the national leaders in the biosciences by developing and
commercializing polymer-based biomaterials for medical uses as diverse as
treating severe wounds and replacing injured joints.

The institute is a joint effort involving Akron Children's Hospital, Akron
General Health System, Northeastern Ohio Universities Colleges of Medicine and
Pharmacy, Summa Health System and the University of Akron. Together, the
partners over the next 10 years plan to recruit top-notch researchers, bring in
$475 million in research grants, become a hub for health care education and
innovation, and create thousands of high-paying jobs in the region.

It's an ambitious goal. And, as Worcester officials know all too well, the
partners in the institute will be fighting a long, uphill battle and will need
to be patient to reach that goal regardless of their level of collaboration.

In the 1980s, Worcester was staring at a shrinking manufacturing base and a
struggling economy, said Kevin O'Sullivan, president of Massachusetts Biomedical
Initiatives, a nonprofit incubator for biomedical companies in Worcester.

The Worcester Business Development Corp. decided to pin its hopes on
biotechnology as the town's future economic base. It obtained local, state and
federal government support for the effort and rallied hospitals and the
University of Massachusetts Medical School around the idea, Mr. O'Sullivan said.

Worcester officials got state money to clean up brownfield lands in order to
build a $300 million, 1 million-square-foot biotechnology park, Mr. O'Sullivan
said. The partner institutions also began doing more joint research.

``Everybody left their swords and shields at the door and said, `Look, we've got
to get through this together,''' Mr. O'Sullivan said.

Today, everyone -- from government entities to hospitals, companies, nonprofits
and the University of Massachusetts -- works together to boost life sciences in
the region, Mr. O'Sullivan said. The small town 45 miles outside of Boston
thrives on biotechnology, he said.

But it also has taken 20 years to get there, with much of the greatest growth
occurring in recent times.

Whereas there were no pharmaceutical companies in Worcester in the mid-1980s,
pharmaceutical giant Abbott Laboratories of Abbott Park, Ill., now has a major
research and manufacturing center there, Mr. O'Sullivan said. Abbott took over
the Worcester plant in 2000 when it bought the pharmaceutical division of
bioscience company BASF Corp., which had opened the Worcester location in 1993.

In the last four years, the number of biomedical companies in Worcester County
has risen 46%, to 162 from 111, and the number of biomedical employees has more
than doubled to 16,441 from 7,576 in 2004. By 2012, Worcester County expects to
have 270 biomedical companies and 47,743 employees tied to that industry.

The economic impact of the biomedical industry in 2008 in Worcester County is
listed at $2.2 billion, but it's expected to reach $6.1 billion by 2012,
according to a May 2008 report by Massachusetts Biomedical Initiatives.

Success in New Jersey

Biotechnology success also has been achieved at the New Jersey Center for
Biomaterials, which is a collaboration among Rutgers -- The State University of
New Jersey, the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey and the New
Jersey Institute of Technology.

In its 11 years, the center has become nationally known for its expertise in
designing and developing biomaterials for tissue engineering and drug delivery.
Its research takes place under three federally financed programs, and Rutgers
last April landed a $42.5 million grant from the Armed Forces Institute of
Regenerative Medicine to develop quickly new treatments for wounded soldiers.
Rutgers is heading up the five-year research project with the Cleveland Clinic.

When the New Jersey institute started in 1997, the institutions involved had $70
million in research grants combined; they now have $200 million, said Aram
Nerpouni, vice president of BioEnterprise Corp., the Cleveland nonprofit that
has helped create Akron's BioInnovation Institute.

Though partners in the BioInnovation Institute want to emulate the efforts in
New Jersey and Massachusetts to an extent, they also want to create a distinct
research, education and health care center, Mr. Nerpouni said. However, the
institute will need to figure out a way to distinguish itself from Cleveland,
which is becoming known in its own right for biotech- nology largely affiliated
with the Cleveland Clinic and University Hospitals.

We're not Boston

People in Worcester know what Akron is up against.

``A big problem for us is that we're always competing with Boston,'' said James
McNamara, executive director of the Office of Technology Management at UMass
Medical School in Worcester. ``Everybody thinks of Boston as the biotech
center.''

Ohio higher education chancellor Eric Fingerhut is well aware of the bioscience
and health care competition locally, nationally and internationally, and said
the BioInnovation Institute will need to work hard to make a global name for
itself to attract top researchers as well as grants from the federal government
and private sources.

``We can't truly judge ourselves by our own objectives,'' Mr. Fingerhut said.
``We will have to judge ourselves against national and international benchmarks
of success.''

The institute's partners have big plans and want to begin implementing them
immediately. Bill Considine, president of Akron Children's Hospital and the
first chairman of the BioInnovation Institute, said the partners hope to hire
someone to head up the institute by the second quarter of 2009. Recruitment of
50 to 60 scientists will begin this year.

The partners plan to create specialized centers within the institute; those
likely will be the Orthopedic Research Institute of Northeastern Ohio, Center
for Biomaterials and Medicine, Center for Health Care Training, a medical device
concept laboratory and a center for clinical trials.

Mr. Fingerhut said he wants existing and future financial supporters of the
institute to know that the partners and state and local governments are
committed for the long run to making the institute a success for the region and
the state -- however difficult the economic climate may be.

``We will expect to win the best and most difficult competitions or funds,'' Mr.
Fingerhut said. ``We are confident the institution has the potential to achieve
world-class status.''

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: October 27, 2008



CORRECTION: An Oct. 20, page 3 story on the BioInnovation Institute in Akron
inaccurately attributed certain research grants to New Jersey institutions.
Since 1995, the Worcester Polytechnic Institute in Massachusetts and the
University of Massachusetts Medical School have grown their aggregate annual
research support to $200 million from $70 million.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: cl


                      Copyright 2008 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday

Cantwell Hails Senate Passage of Farm Bill that Supports Central Washington Jobs

LENGTH: 980 words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Maria Cantwell, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Today, U.S. Senator Maria Cantwell (D-WA) hailed the Senate's passage of the
Agriculture Reform, Food and Jobs Act of 2013 (S. 954). Cantwell supported the
legislation, which was approved by a vote of 66-27. The bill now moves to the
House for consideration.

Cantwell has been a leading Senate voice calling for passage of a farm bill to
support agriculture jobs in Washington state and around the nation. In 2012, she
and Senator Mike Johanns (R-NE) led a bipartisan letter with 44 senators urging
action on a farm bill.

Cantwell recently called for passage of the Farm Bill during a statewide tour
that included stops in Pasco and Wapato. She visited the U.S. Department of
Agriculture lab in Wapato where researchers use Farm Bill grants to support
agricultural research and met with growers at Allied Potato Northwest's
processing facility in Pasco who use the bill's export-promotion programs.

"Today the Senate passed legislation that will support growers and farmers in
Central Washington," said Cantwell. "It's finally time that specialty crops
grown in Central Washington get the recognition they deserve. For the first
time, this Farm Bill makes a long-term commitment to specialty crop research and
reauthorizes important export programs that help farmers and growers produce and
sell more crops. I urge my colleagues in the House to move quickly on this jobs
bill so we can send it to the President's desk."

The Senate Farm Bill for the first times makes a real long term commitment to
specialty crop research by doubling investment in the Specialty Crop Research
Initiative to $50 million by 2017 and increases investment in the Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program by 30 percent from the current $50 million to $70 million.
In Central Washington, scientists have used Farm Bill grants to research methods
to better monitor and prevent Zebra Chip disease, which discolors potatoes and
reduces their value. The Senate Farm Bill also continues support for the Market
Access Program (MAP) and the Foreign Market Development program, which help
increase agricultural exports. MAP has helped Pasco's Allied Potato Northwest
increase its potato shipments to Vietnam, which opened to U.S. fresh potato
exports in 2010.

"We applaud the U.S. Senate for its approval of a new Farm Bill," said Christian
Schlect, President of the Northwest Horticultural Council. "This legislation
will help ensure that our state's apples, pears, and cherries growers--as well
as our nation's general economy--will  continue to benefit from important
federal agricultural research, export marketing programs, and general
nutritional assistance. Senator Cantwell's active support of this long-awaited
measure is much appreciated."

The 2013 Farm Bill includes Cantwell's Pulse School Pilot provision, which would
provide the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) $10 million through 2017 to
purchase pulse crops to use in school breakfasts and lunches. Flours made from
pulse crops could be added to breads, tortillas and pastas to enhance their
nutritional value. Pulse crops are an excellent, cost-effective source of fiber,
potassium, protein and other essential vitamins and nutrients.

Key provisions in the Senate Farm Bill for Central Washington include:

Specialty Crop Research: The bill would for the first time make a long term
investment in the Specialty Crop Research Initiative and the Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program. WSU has received Specialty Crop Block Grant investments to
develop new planting and harvesting methods for tree fruit to help increase crop
yields and protect workers. The Economic Research Service estimates that for
every $1 invested in publicly funded research, $10 of economic activity is
generated.

Market Access Program: The Senate Farm Bill would invest $200 million a year in
MAP, which the Washington Apple Commission has used to reach consumers and
businesses in India. These efforts increased the number of Washington apples
being sold there from a few thousand cartons to a record 3.3 million cartons
worth over $61 million last season.

Washington's wine industry has also used MAP to boost overseas sales. The
Washington State Wine Commission secured MAP investments that helped the
commission bring around 65 international wine buyers to Washington state for
tours, seminars and tasting. More than 15 countries are usually represented on
this tour according to the Washington State Wine Commission. Participating
wineries have developed export opportunities in Scandinavia, Canada and China.

Clean Plant Network: The Senate Farm Bill would also invest in the Clean Plant
Network at $60 million per year. The network provides pathogen-tested plant
material for specialty crop growers to better protect their produce from disease
and blight. WSU's Prosser Research and Extension Center is the main Northwest
center for the network. The Prosser site provides clean plant material to
thousands of grape and hop farmers in Washington state to help increase crop
yields.

Potatoes are Washington state's third largest agricultural crop. The potato
industry in Washington state provides an economic impact of $4.6 billion and
supports 23,500 jobs throughout the state. Franklin County has about 33,000
acres of potatoes, while Benton County has about 27,000 acres of potatoes. The
Columbia Basin - including Grant, Franklin, Benton and Adams counties - produces
$2.4 billion worth of agricultural products from more than 4,000 farms.

Yakima County is one of Washington state's largest and most diverse agriculture
economies. The county holds more than 1.6 million acres of farmland with a
market value of $1.2 billion. Yakima County is a leading producer of pears,
sweet cherries and apples in the state.

For further information please visit: http://www.cantwell.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Tyler Morning Telegraph (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 28, 2014 Friday

Rusk ISD students promised scholarships

BYLINE: Faith Harper, Tyler Morning Telegraph, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 736 words


Feb. 28--Rusk ISD students were given a promise of a college education Thursday
through a collaborative initiative between the district and Tyler Junior
College.

The Rusk TJC Citizens Promise, grants any Rusk ISD high school senior in the top
50 percent of the class up to $4,000 a year ($2,000 a semester) for two years to
attend Tyler Junior College. The scholarship applies to the main campus and the
vocational programs at its West Campus.

TJC's board of trustees unanimously approved a resolution to participate in the
program at its meeting Thursday morning.

It is funded by gifts and pledges from Citizens 1st Bank, The Perkins Family
Foundation and others, and is a partnership between TJC, the TJC Foundation,
Rusk ISD, the bank and the foundation.

The funding will completely cover the costs of going to TJC, which ranges
between $1,200 and $1,500 for 12 credit hours, said Dr. Kim Russell, vice
president of advancement and external affairs. Books also can be purchased with
the funds.

Jim Perkins, president of Citizen's 1st Bank and chairman of the foundation
board, said he has dreamed of enacting a promise program for five years after
hearing of a program in Kalamazoo, Mich. He said the group visited with several
program directors and visited towns to see how the programs affected their
communities.

"When it came down to it, the only way this could happen was to be associated
with the best junior college in America -- Tyler Junior College," Perkins said.

Dr. Russell said similar programs have seen a wide variety of successes,
including increased enrollment and retention, higher test scores and graduation
rates and an increase in the number enrolling in college after high school. She
said there also is an economic impact with more families moving to promise
communities and bringing more workforce-ready workers there.

The unveiled program is the first one in Texas, and Perkins said he hopes the
Rusk program inspires others.

"Rusk is my hometown," Perkins said. "That's where I went to high school, my dad
was on the school board, my wife was on the school board, our children graduated
from Rusk High School -- and to be able to bring in Tyler Junior College and
it's expertise into a community that is so outstanding ... is really thrilling."

The promise program will begin this fall, enabling 67 current seniors to attend
college for free.

Rusk ISD Superintendent Scott Davis said as soon as the measure was formally
approved, a text message was sent to Rusk High School administrators to break
the news to the qualifying students in its auditorium.

"The student who will graduate at the cut off line was planning to come to TJC
and didn't know how she was going to pay," Davis said after the vote. "Right now
... she is about to hear that there is a way for her to go to college. That's
huge. That's life- changing."

Scott Schwartz, Rusk High School principal, said the announcement generated a
lot of energy and conversation among a smiling group of seniors. He said
computer labs were booked with eager students filing out scholarship
applications.

Schwartz said that sometimes students get discouraged if they're not in the top
percentile of their class to qualify for scholarships. But with this new
program, the foundation is giving a larger number of students the opportunity to
attend college.

"For those kids that worked hard but are not at the top 10 or 20 percent, it
gives them hope that they can do something after high school and get money to do
that," he said. Once you put that hope in their hands, they can do some
incredible things with it."

Officials with TJC and Perkins declined to comment on the amount of funding
contributed to the promise program, but Perkins said there was enough to last
until children at Rusk Elementary were ready for college. He said the foundation
has been contacted by other donors and will be seeking more.

TJC President Dr. Mike Metke said the college is thrilled to be a part of the
program, and thanked the Perkins family for enriching the lives of many.

"We wish every town had someone who remembered their home and school like all of
you. ..." he said. "I think the best gifts are the ones where you get to see the
impact. ... We are all going to see this transforming this region over time."

___ (c)2014 Tyler Morning Telegraph (Tyler, Texas) Visit Tyler Morning Telegraph
(Tyler, Texas) at www.tylerpaper.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140228-TY-Rusk-ISD-students-promised-scholarships-20140228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TY


                     Copyright 2014 Tyler Morning Telegraph


                              674 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            March 9, 2011 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

A BLUSH EXPANSION WOULD BE A STEP BACKWARD

BYLINE: GRANT OLIPHANT

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. B-6

LENGTH: 281 words


I invite the Pittsburgh community to stand firmly in opposition to the proposed
expansion of the adult entertainment club, Blush, into an adjacent property.

As a trustee of The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust -- which transformed a rundown
"red light" district into today's booming arts district -- I see an expansion of
Blush as a backward step for Pittsburgh.

The Cultural Trust and its many partners in the philanthropic, corporate and
public sectors, among millions of supporters, have invested in excess of $750
million over 27 years to advance the trust's vision. Today this dynamic
neighborhood is home to cultural venues, parks, restaurants, residences and
1,200 schoolchildren at CAPA High School and Urban Pathways.

Across from Blush is the site of Downtown's largest proposed housing
initiatives. For a commercial developer to further the $500 million project --
which has the potential to generate upward of $1 billion in economic impact and
attract new residents -- Blush's operations need to remain within the existing
Edison Hotel building. An expansion jeopardizes the development and the
district's continued successes encouraging reputable business, new residents and
more patrons to Downtown Pittsburgh.

It is critical to note that the zoning code, restricting a nonconforming use to
limited expansion on its existing site and prohibiting expansion to other
properties, exists to protect the community's long-term investment and
commitment to improving quality of life Downtown. This regulation assures the
city of Pittsburgh will continue to take steps forward into a bright future, not
the shadows of a bleak past.

GRANT OLIPHANT

President and CEO

The Pittsburgh Foundation

Downtown

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              675 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

Pensions at risk in vote on manager

BYLINE: J. DAVID McSWANE

SECTION: B; ARCHIVES; Pg. BNV01

LENGTH: 898 words

DATELINE: SARASOTA


SARASOTA: Vague language could strip state benefits for retired firefighters

SARASOTA

More than 150 of the city's retired firefighters could lose millions in pension
benefits if voters pass the so-called "strong city manager" amendment in
November.

Vague referendum language meant to reassign administration of retiree pensions
from the auditor and clerk to the city manager could forfeit state subsidies for
retirees, the city attorney said during a special meeting Thursday.

The possibility that the ballot issue could hurt retired public servants has
already become a lightning rod for those who oppose giving more power to a city
manager, including a majority of commissioners who were begrudgingly required to
place the initiative on the ballot Thursday.

"I guess I'm going to have to hold my nose and vote for this amendment," said
Commissioner Paul Caragiulo, an outspoken opponent of the strong city manager
idea.

City Attorney Robert Fournier said Sarasota has a shot at keeping its
$500,000-a-year share of subsidies passed down from the state's insurance
premium taxes, which go directly to the city's retired firefighters.

That argument is likely to hinge on how the state interprets the term
"administration" as it reads in the ballot measure. That interpretation is
likely to take into account that the intent of the referendum was not to strip
pension benefits.

But it is unclear if the city could win the argument with officials in the
Florida Division of Retirement, which along with local governments has made
substantial cuts to government employee pensions.

"I have to say there is a possibility those funds could be lost," Fournier said.

"I think it just gives the opponents of this issue another reason to say no," he
later said.

Technically, the loss of premium tax subsidies wouldn't hit the cash-strapped
city's budget. That state money goes directly to retired firefighters, who would
feel the sting, essentially a benefits cut, immediately.

As members of the since-closed pension plan die, however, the city would over
time lose money that would otherwise pay down mounting unfunded liabilities.
Commissioner Terry Turner, whose belt-tightening conservatism has set the tone
for much of the board's push to cut employee pensions citywide, spoke in raw
financial terms Thursday.

"I would like to pass that money through to employees, but it is not a budget
constraint," said Turner, who is among those who supported and helped finance
the strong city manager initiative.

To which Cargiulo said: "You're in essence saying that if we lose that money it
would not have any economic impact? On our retirees?"

Jim McCord, chairman of Sarasota's retired city firefighters association, urged
commissioners to find a way to preempt any unintended consequences from the
strong city manager initiative.

"We earned everything that we've gotten because, just like policemen, there were
many times so many of us could have been killed," McCord, 73, said. "We just
went in and ate the smoke and coughed and carried on."

Similar stories of sacrifice and hard work did little to stop the commission
from cutting police pensions earlier this year. Amid those changes, the
commission intentionally forfeited the same subsidies from the state.

But unlike with firefighters this time around, that loss hit the city's coffers
-- a loss commissioners justified by the savings from pension overhauls.

This latest wrinkle further highlighted division on the commission, particularly
between Turner and Caragiulo, who unsuccessfully tried to get a competing
measure for an elected mayor on November's ballot.

What another critical commissioner, Shannon Snyder, dubbed the "Turner
Amendment" stands to split the job of city auditor and clerk in two. If passed,
the clerk's duties including pension administration would fall under City
Manager Tom Barwin, whose contract was also finalized Thursday.

That move would strip power from City Auditor and Clerk Pamela Nadalini, who
gained greater influence at City Hall as former City Manager Robert Bartolotta
slowly fell from power late last year.

In a similar meeting Wednesday, about two dozen business and community leaders
spoke in support of an empowered city manager.

The current organization has led to unnecessary turf wars, supporters said, and
those tiffs have hamstrung the city.

"I now can clearly see the impact of the turf wars between the city auditor and
clerk and the city manager," said local attorney Susan Chapman, who said
Wednesday she was originally against the idea of a strong city manager.

"The city auditor and clerk has lost transparency and become political," she
added.

The next day, the opponents took over the dais.

Diana Hamilton, a local activist who unsuccessfully ran for commission in 2011,
said the strong city manager idea isn't about form of government, but about
controlling information.

"We all know that information is power," Hamilton said, adding "it's about
controlling information, and we can't let that happen."

Turner scoffed at accusations that he was specifically targeting Nadalini, of
whom he has been openly critical.

"Much of the dialogue has suggested that my support for this amendment has to do
with personal animus between me and Ms. Nadalini," he said toward the end of the
meeting. "That is not true."

"I think she is a fine person, who works hard, and none of this has anything to
do with her personally," he added.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              April 3, 2005 Sunday

42ND ST. SHUTTLE A RAIL GOOD IDEA

BYLINE: ANGELA MONTEFINISE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 467 words


Crosstown travel might get a futuristic twist if a plan to bring a light-rail
system to New York City becomes a reality.

Vision42 - a citizens initiative that's part of the nonprofit Institution for
Rational Mobility - is proposing the construction of a light rail system along
42nd Street, with stops at each avenue from river to river.

The system would be above ground and replace all vehicular traffic on the major
thoroughfare, which under the plan, would basically become a pedestrian walkway.

"Practically speaking, it could absolutely be done," said civil engineer George
Haikalis, who helped launch vision42 in 1999. "It's been done before all over
the world."

Architect Roxanne Warren, another founder of the group, said she and Haikalis
decided to pursue the plan after she took a crosstown bus ride and "went slower
than the pedestrians."

"Right now, crosstown travel is impossible," she said. "The estimated travel
time of the rail system would be 20 minutes."

Warren and Haikalis have already made nearly 200 presentations to community
leaders and elected officials on the rail system, and they are waiting for the
results of three technical studies to really get the word out.

The studies - which are being done by consultants and were funded by a grant
from the New York Community Trust - are investigating economic impact on the
city, cost and traffic impact.

"While many of the people who saw the presentation were excited about the idea,
there were certain questions about cost and so forth," Haikalis said. "To move
this thing along, we really needed some technical input."

The results of the studies will be posted on vision42's Web site on April 18 -
the same day as a public forum to be held at the New York Marriott Marquis Hotel
with the Manhattan Borough President's Office and Community Boards 4, 5 and 6.

"We'll have representatives of the consultants there to answer questions, so
everyone interested can have their concerns heard," Haikalis said.

The idea for a rail line on 42nd Street isn't new - in 1994, the City Council
voted to support a rail line on the street, but when cost exceeded what was
expected, the plan died. The cost then for the rail and street repairs was about
$100 million.

"We wanted to revive the plan, but also make the street a pedestrian walkway,"
Warren said. "It will change New York if it goes through."

According to vision42, the rail system would take six years to build and
probably be run by the MTA.

City Transportation Department spokeswoman Kay Sarlin said, "We are always open
to new ideas, but we have had concerns about the feasibility of a 42nd Street
light rail. The Shuttle and No. 7 trains currently provide cross-town service,
and the administration's transit priority in the area is the extension of the
No. 7."

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO EXCLUSIVE: NEW TRAIN OF THOUGHT: Transit activists are touting
this modern light-rail proposal that would scoot passengers across town along
42nd Street, with a stop on every avenue. The street itself would be closed to
all but pedestrian traffic under the plan by vision42.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Valley Independent (Monessen, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 12, 2014 Wednesday

River Towns program taking hold in Valley

BYLINE: Chris Buckley, The Valley Independent, Monessen, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 602 words


March 12--When the results of the study came in, they were so astounding that
Cathy McCollum sought a university review of the figures.

But the numbers were verifiable and undeniable -- in just eight months,
businesses in nine communities along the Great Allegheny Passage reported $41
million in direct economic impact.

Those results verified two facts -- people are attracted to rivers, and the
region's rivers are steadily improving.

And that kind of economic boon is possible along the Monongahela River
communities in the Valley, said McCollum, who owns McCollum Development
Strategies LLC in Confluence, a consulting group for the River Towns Program.

McCollum spoke Tuesday at a lunch event, "A River Runs Through It," sponsored by
the Mon Valley Regional Chamber of Commerce.

The program, an initiative of the Pennsylvania Environmental Council, is
involved in conservation of natural resources, water trails, and land-based
trail development. It is fully funded by Pittsburgh-based foundations.

"State funding often flows to bigger communities," McCollum said. "This offers
another tool in your economic tool box."

The program, begun in 2010, works with communities bordering navigable rivers.
During the past three years, the program has been involved in six communities in
the upper Monongahela Valley -- Brownsville, California, Fredericktown, Rices
Landing, Greensboro and Point Marion.

The River Towns Initiative was started last summer in Monongahela and Charleroi
along with the West Virginia communities of Morgantown, Star City and Granville.

McCollum said the River Towns program is about sustaining economic development
along the rivers, promoting outdoor recreation as an economic engine.

"The Monongahela River is beautiful and it is getting better every year,"
McCollum said.

The goal is to work together as a region to attract visitors. She said a day
visitor spends on average $18, but $98 for an overnight stay.

Some come for the day, and eventually open a small business in the downtown.

"If they visit your area on a recreation trip, they will see the opportunities
in your community," McCollum said.

The first step is to do a walk along the river, encouraging local planners to
look at it through the eyes of a would-be visitor.

They also evaluate the business sector, including tackling access and traffic
issues.

River Town encourages local leaders to take the initiative, identifying projects
that fit their community and its tie to the river. This can include signage,
public art, hosting events along the river and facade restoration.

"The Monongahela River is a magnificent recreational opportunity and it's right
in your back yard," McCollum said.

The River Towns program is already taking hold throughout the Valley, she said.
In California, the university and borough are working together on a master plan.
The university is building a bike trail.

In Brownsville, improvements have been made to the Central Park. A $50,000 grant
was acquired for park landscape.

Charleroi leaders have identified their priorities -- clearing the view of the
river from downtown, improved signage, and combining with the Mon Valley
Initiative on a economic development plan.

Under the River Towns program, a coalition has formed that is developing
regional projects, which will be taken to Harrisburg, seeking funding support.

Chris Buckley is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
724-684-2642 or cbuckley@tribweb.com

___ (c)2014 The Valley Independent (Monessen, Pa.) Visit The Valley Independent
(Monessen, Pa.) at www.pittsburghlive.com/x/valleyindependent Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140312-VM-River-Towns-program-taking-hold-in-Valley-0312-20140312

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VM


                     Copyright 2014 The Valley Independent


                              678 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            March 11, 2017 Saturday

THE DISCOVERIES CTR: Implementation of The Discoveries Centre for Regenerative
and Precision Medicine, a new Centre of Excellence in Portugal

LENGTH: 554  words


Project ID: 739572
Grant Agreement signed
Total cost: EUR 14 996 606,26
EU contribution: EUR 14 996 606,25
Objective: This proposal is an initiative from 5 top-ranked Portuguese
universities including the University of Minho (UMINHO), the University of Porto
(UPORTO), the University of Aveiro (UAVR), the University of Lisbon (ULISBOA),
the New University of Lisbon (UNL), and a university of research and innovation
excellence from the United Kingdom, the University College of London (UCL).
These institutions will be the founders of the future independent multi-campi
research centre, The Discoveries Centre for Regenerative and Precision Medicine.

This partnership is coordinated by the Portuguese Foundation for Science &
Technology (FCT). The Discoveries Centre to be created during the proposed
project will perform world-leading research, by anchoring research activities of
the best research groups in Portugal, promoting excellence, advanced training,
translational research outputs and commercialisation strategies. In the
long-run, these are expected to generate an important economic impact, as well
as a positive social effect by contributing to the increase of the quality of
life of an ageing European population affected by neurodegenerative,
cardiovascular and musculoskeletal diseases. It is anticipated that The
Discoveries Centre will be able to foster a knowledge-based economy aligned with
national and regional strategic priority areas and European societal challenges,
thus reinforcing Portugals scientific capabilities, create also critical mass of
science in this field of research, as well as social and economic development.
It will also contribute to a global recognition of the national scientific
production, having a structuring effect in the Portuguese science, generating
high value-added products, attracting top-level international scientists, as
well as enhancing the capacity to retain the best Portuguese researchers. This
proposal has the strongest possible support (financial) from the Portuguese
National  Government and the Regional Authorities.
Participants
UNIVERSITY COLLEGE LONDON
United Kingdom
EU contribution: EUR 5 129 931,25
GOWER STREET
WC1E 6BT LONDON
United Kingdom
Activity type: Higher or Secondary Education Establishments
UNIVERSIDADE DO PORTO
Portugal
EU contribution: EUR 1 001 137,50
PRACA GOMES TEIXEIRA
4099 002 PORTO
Portugal
Activity type: Higher or Secondary Education Establishments
UNIVERSIDADE DE AVEIRO

Portugal
EU contribution: EUR 1 001 137,50
CAMPO UNIVERSITARIO DE SANTIAGO
3810 193 AVEIRO
Portugal
Activity type: Higher or Secondary Education Establishments
UNIVERSIDADE NOVA DE LISBOA
Portugal
EU contribution: EUR 1 001 137,50
CAMPUS DE CAMPOLIDE
1099 085 LISBOA
Portugal
Activity type: Higher or Secondary Education Establishments
UNIVERSIDADE DE LISBOA
Portugal
EU contribution: EUR 1 001 137,50
ALAMEDA DA UNIVERSIDADE
1649 004 LISBOA
Portugal
Project completion date : 2024-03-31 12:00:00
Major organization : UNIVERSIDADE DO MINHO

Address : R. da Universidade,


4704-553 Braga

Country :Portugal
Financier : EUROPEAN UNION (EU),

Financier address : European Union (EU)
Rue de la Loi 200/Wetstraat 200,
B-1049 Bruxelles/Brussels,
Belgium


Tel: 32-2-2999696, 2993085


Fax: 32-2-2961749
Url: ec.europa.eu/

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2017 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Jerusalem Post

                          November 29, 2006, Wednesday

Haredi job growth impresses Fischer. 'What is happening in Modi'in Illit is
important ' says BOI governor

BYLINE: Avi Krawitz

SECTION: ECONOMICS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 601 words


Bank of Israel Governor Stanley Fischer on Tuesday praised the initiative of
Modi'in Illit to attract hi-tech companies to set up operations there boosting
employment in the town and lifting its socioeconomic standing.

"I had heard a lot about what is happening here and it has been very interesting
to see first hand that industry as a whole is developing here Fischer said
during a tour of the haredi town. When you look at poverty in Israel the haredi
and Arab populations are two that are severely affected which is the reason that
what is being done in Modi'in Illit is important. It is very good for the
economy but more than that we are talking about poor people who want to work and
who tend to stay in their positions."

Fischer visited the town as part of a series of tours the central bank is
conducting of different segments of Israeli society in an effort to better
understand their economic impact and situation. Previous tours included
businesses in Sderot Karmiel the North and the Kibbutz movement and the bank's
spokesman Gabi Fishman said they are planning to visit the Druse community soon.

Sparking Fischer's interest was the growth in Modi'in Illit that caused the
Central Bureau of Statistics to raise its socioeconomic ranking of the town from
the lowest level of 1 to 2 in its latest report on local municipalities.

Local council head Yakov Guterman told Fischer that four key government
decisions concerning the town contributed to its progress. These included the
establishment of its call-center project government subsidies of land a security
fence around the town and the allocation of NIS 90 million to link the sewer
system to the national grid.

Guterman in his second term of office also led a drive to market the town's
untapped work force to Israeli and international hi-tech companies. The model
focuses on providing work suitable for married women who can provide cheaper
skilled labor.

To date Modi'in Illit has attracted the likes of computer services provider
Citybook Services IT firm Matrix and data capture company ImageStore to open
facilities in the town - between them employing approximately 500 local women.
With at least three other companies offering similar services Guterman is
reportedly in negotiations to bring more companies into Modi'in Illit.

Despite its growth however a separate report prepared by the town council showed
that 1 500 of approximately 6 500 families in the town are beneficiaries of
social services. An average of 3.5 new requests for assistance are received
every week.

Nevertheless Eli Kazhdan a business consultant for Citybook explained in a
presentation to Fischer the dynamics were changing in the haredi community with
its involvement in the work force rising and expanding beyond its traditional
focus of education.

"The haredi community is more willing to work than ever Kazhdan said. Between
2002 and 2004 the number of haredi men looking for work rose by 4.4% while 5% of
women moved from part time to full-time work."

He added that in 2005 25 of haredi women enrolled in skills training were in
areas outside of education which grew to 50% this year.

The success of the Modi'in Illit has led to its model being applied in other
towns with Matrix recently setting up a similar facility in Bet Shemesh and
Citybook Services also having operations in Betar Illit.

"Significant benefits are being realized by companies who have set up operations
in haredi environments Kazhdan said. Haredi employment has become an integral
part of the globalization of Israel's economy."

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Modiin Illit Local Council Head Yakov Guterman with Bank of
Israel Governor Stanley Fischer. (Credit: Courtesy)

                       Copyright 2006 The Jerusalem Post


                              680 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Waterloo Chronicle

                           October 17, 2012 Wednesday
                                  ONT Edition

Creative Enterprise Initiative making headway

SECTION: Pg. 0

LENGTH: 634  words


By James Jackson, Chronicle Staff

A regional initiative aimed at increasing investment in arts and culture is
doing just that.

In a presentation to councillors on Monday night, Heather Sinclair, chief
executive officer for the Creative Enterprise Initiative, likened her
organization to "an Accelerator Centre for the arts" by way of securing new
investment, building capacity and investing back into the arts sector of
Waterloo.

"Our mission is to make Waterloo a destination and the most attractive place to
live, work, play and â\x80" most importantly â\x80" stay by initiating and
sustaining outstanding creative enterprise," the CEO told council.

"We use the words 'creative enterprise' very specifically as it encompasses what
we know as traditional arts and culture and heritage, and also beyond into the
new creative arts, digital media, digital technology and a much broader
definition."

The CEI arose out of the Waterloo prosperity council in 2010 and Sinclair has
been at the helm as CEO for the past 19 months.

The city has provided nearly $100,000 over the past three years in funding, as
well as an extra $12,000 in 2012 for further program development.

Over the past 10 months the CEI has secured 12 private investors who have made
more than $500,000 in financial commitments into 2014.

"This is a great investment and show of faith, and we're delighted to have that
support. It gives us a great foundation, in addition to the municipal funding,"
Sinclair said.

The group has also secured $225,000 in Ontario Trillium funds from 2011-13 and
is seeking $112,000 in funding from the Creative Communities Prosperity Fund in
partnership with the region, the cities of Waterloo, Cambridge and Kitchener and
the Township of Woolwich.

In the past year, the CEI has provided $50,000 in direct investment to 12 local
initiatives, ranging from $500 to $10,000. Those groups include the Grand River
Film Festival, KwartzLab, The New Quarterly and the Uptown Waterloo Jazz
Festival.

As an example of their work, CEI provided $6,000 to help KwartzLab â\x80" a
maker space which encourages invention, innovation and co-operation â\x80" buy a
laser cutter. The device has driven new membership up, enabling the group to
secure $10,000 per year in new funds, Sinclair said.

Membership increased from 27 to 43, providing an additional $800 per month in
revenue.

CEI is also putting the finishing touches on a website aimed at tracking local
business and venues that support the arts, with more than

1,000 artists and creative businesses tracked so far, along with 400 arts
venues.

Following the presentation, Coun. Melissa Durrell asked Sinclair what the
current state of arts and culture was like in the city, and what sort of impact
taxpayer money was having.

"I think we often struggle as we nickel and dime the taxpayers to try and get
the right balance," said Durrell. "What is the economic impact of arts in the
community?"

Organizations and artists are using the funds to purchase new equipment and art
supplies and to have access to low-rent studio space at the CEI studio in uptown
Waterloo, which allows them to focus on work and generate more income, Sinclair
said.

CEI is also investing back into the arts by offering workshops on marketing and
social media, how to be your own publicist, grant writing and not-for-profit tax
tips.

She also said organizations such as the jazz festival generate income for the
city as visitors come to town and spend money on hotels, food, gas and other
local businesses.

Across the region, people are beginning to recognize the importance of the arts
and culture sector in driving economic growth, she added.

"I think there is a recognition across the region of a heightened sensitivity
and awareness of the creative sector," Sinclair said.

"I feel a real change and a real energy."

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            Express & Echo (Exeter)

                                 April 12, 2001

BUSINESS:ECONOMY:Employment/Jobs

SECTION: Pg.10

LENGTH: 489 words


Blair warned region needs more cash

FROM PAGE 1

Mr Blair announced the GBP 15 million would go towards marketing initiatives
and, for the first time, direct grants to the most affected businesses.

He later told the Echo the new money was "a first tranche" and he would consider
requests for "further funding".

It is likely the South West Regional Development Agency will receive up to GBP 5
million of the new package on top of GBP 3 million it set aside from its own
funds earlier this week to tackle the huge economic impact of the disease.

The RDA is backing the SOS South West campaign - launched by the Echo and its
sister papers in Devon - for the Government to approve a GBP 150 million aid
package for the region.

And Mr Blair is still facing calls to come up with GBP 150 million after the
organisation warned businesses are being forced to close.

RDA director of enterprise and innovation Caroline Bull said she was hopeful Mr
Blair would provide additional funds in the future after she met the Prime
Minister.

She said the Exeter-based organisation would use its share of the new money to
draw up a recovery plan for the region.

Ms Bull said: "Tony Blair told us if the RDA put together a scheme that works,
then we can add to it.

"If we can see this money as a pilot scheme and then say to Government that this
is working and starting to help businesses to survive and recover, then I
believe there will be more money.

"What the Government is not prepared to do is offer an open wallet of taxpayers'
money."

Ms Bull said: "I am sure that businesses are going to the wall, and already some
have gone."

But she added: "On a positive note I think we can see the farming and tourist
industries working together in the South West, whereas in some parts of the
country they are divided."

An action plan to provide training courses in rural areas for those put out of
work by foot-and-mouth was unveiled yesterday by the Government.

Other measures included:

Catching a limited number of deer in the region and testing them for signs of
foot-and-mouth after concern that the disease may have got into wildlife in
North and West Devon.

Consideration of on-farm burial to speed up the disposal of slaughtered
carcasses, with the backlog in Devon nearly 100,000 animals.

New measures to allow the RSPCA to help stop animals dying on farms because of
movement restrictions.

An extension to the licence scheme to allow more farmers to be able to move
livestock limited distances.

Meanwhile, Mr Blair, on the second day of his Devon visit, was set to visit a
seaside resort and country pub to highlight facilities are still open to the
public in the areas worst hit by foot-and-mouth.

And a second public meeting was due to be held tonight at Petrockstow to discuss
residents' concerns about a mass burial site being constructed at nearby Meeth
for more than 400,000 slaughtered animals.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                         Copyright 2001 Express & Echo


                              682 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            August 24, 2004 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

In Brief

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 464  words


Groups fight for Medicaid reform Area agencies concerned about Medicaid reform
are joining forces this week. Groups will meet at 8 a.m. Friday at the Easter
Seals, 1219 Dunn Ave., Daytona Beach. The meeting, sponsored by a task force of
The Constituency for Children, Youth and Families, will provide updates on
Medicaid reform and the economic impact from reducing coverage and services to
certain groups. Advocates, providers and consumers interested in protecting
consumer benefits and exploring other alternatives are encouraged to attend. For
more information, call Linda Merrell at (386) 295-3651 or Lori Grant at the
United Way at (386) 253-0563. Agencies plan disaster response DAYTONA BEACH
County agencies and officials will meet Monday to discuss ways the area can
prepare for a terrorist attack or other emergencies. The Volunteer Center of the
United Way of Volusia-Flagler Counties has been contracted by Volusia County
Emergency Management to help form a Citizen Corps Council similar to others
nationwide, said Amanda Newton, local Citizen Corps coordinator at the United
Way. The meeting will be the first step toward forming the council, which is
intended to make communities safer, stronger and better prepared to respond to a
terrorist attack, hurricane or other emergency, Newton said. Citizen Corps is a
national initiative started by the Department of Homeland Security. The meeting
at 9 a.m. Monday is for local agencies, organizations, business groups and civic
organizations involved in preparation, training and response to emergency
situations. The meeting will be at the United Way, 3747 W. International
Speedway Blvd., Daytona Beach. The council also will provide education and
events to help people in the community be prepared for emergencies. For more
information, call Newton at (386) 253-0563, ext. 247. Candidates forum lets
voters hear issues Voters on both sides of the county will have a chance to hear
Thursday from candidates whose political fates will be decided in August or
November. In Orange City, about 15 candidates for Volusia County chair,
supervisor of elections, state House of Representatives District 26 and other
races are scheduled for an event billed as not your typical forum. Those
interested fork out $5 or $10 with dinner to sit down for a 10-minute session
with candidates at Jolly Rogers Seafood & Steaks at 2235 S. Volusia Ave. For
reservations, call the restaurant at (386) 774-1711 or call (386) 734-8295 . In
Daytona Beach, the Volusia County-Daytona Beach Branch of the NAACP will sponsor
a candidates forum at 6 p.m. Thursday at the Dickerson Center, 308 S. Martin
Luther King Blvd. Candidates for county judge, the District 2 seats on the
County Council and School Board have confirmed their attendance. Staff Report

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2004 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2004 News-Journal Corporation


                              683 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            August 16, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Universities form a vital part of the knowledge economy: They're a cornerstone
of this crucial sector as they train the next generation of professionals

BYLINE: Derrick Penner, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: OUTLOOK BC; Pg. F2

LENGTH: 1866  words


Technology industries and top-tier research institutes are traditionally
considered the base of any knowledge economy, but universities can also stake a
claim because of the immense influence they wield over these sectors.

Economist Jock Finlayson at the Business Council of B.C. says these institutions
are cornerstones for the knowledge sector because of their role in training the
next generation of skilled professionals and generating new technology and ideas
through research.

Mario Pinto, vice-president of research at Simon Fraser University, said the
economic impact of universities is traditionally measured by calculating the
value of spin-of companies and intellectual property that is generated by
university research, and the revenue they generate for their institutions.

However, Pinto believes this is not the only way to measure a university's
impact on society, nor is it the best way.

"Skills are much more fundamental if you look at their contribution to the
knowledge economy," he adds. "The way I view it, [it is] the training of
personnel that is the currency [of universities]."

Pinto says a university's graduate programs create economic impacts both by
contributing new technology and original ideas and by churning out skilled
people.

For example, Pinto notes that SFU is the headquarters for a federally funded
network of research centres called the Mathematics of Information Technology and
Complex Systems, which is engaged in studying practical uses for complex
equations.

In another instance, Pinto says that the university's Centre for Research in
Immigration studies issues of multiculturalism, and turns out graduates who are
sensitive to the needs of a diverse society, which is critical for B.C.'s
increasingly multi-racial makeup.

"To me, that's the knowledge-based economy," Pinto says. "We're training the
next generation with the most up-to-date knowledge, [and giving them] the
skills-sets that allows them to not only apply knowledge but also the principles
they've learned for problem solving and how to trouble-shoot.

"That is the most valuable role of universities."

THE SCHOOLS

British Columbia's half-dozen universities are substantial enterprises within
the provincial economy, with budgets totalling more than $2 billion in 2005-06
and employment rolls that top 18,800 people.

The Ministry of Advanced Education also reports that these schools house 69,300
provincially funded student positions.

The University of British Columbia -- the province's largest comprehensive
school, complete with medical school and top-flight research institutes such as
the Michael Smith Foundation for Health Research -- has almost 35,000
undergraduate students and a budget of more than $1 billion.

Simon Fraser University, with 23,480 undergraduates and a budget of $306
million, is the second largest comprehensive school, followed by the University
of Victoria, which has 15,920 undergraduate students and a budget of $240
million.

Other institutions have unique mandates, such as Victoria-based Royal Roads
University, which focuses on mid-career professional training. It has more
graduate students, numbering just over 2,000, than undergraduates.

The University of Northern British Columbia in Prince George had just 3,570
undergraduates at the end of its 2005 school year, however the school sees its
mandate to deliver education to the whole of northern B.C.

Thompson Rivers University in Kamloops, formerly University College of the
Cariboo, was recently designated as B.C.'s sixth full-fledged university, which
delivers courses over a large area that stretches as far north as Williams Lake.

The Ministry of Advanced Education also gave Thompson Rivers University
responsibility for administering the distance education courses of the former
B.C. Open University.

"We've got a very strong foundation to build on," says Don Avison, president of
the University Presidents' Council of B.C., a lobby group formed to represent
the interests of B.C.'s key universities.

"The province has a very strong university system, though I would argue that for
quite some time it was smaller in size than it needed to be to continue
developing people at levels that will be required in the knowledge-based
environment we expect the 21st century to be."

The B.C. Progress Board, set up to advise the provincial government on public
policy issues, produced a report in 2002 that found post-secondary institutions'
lack of growth was beginning to strain the education system, with more eligible
students knocking on their doors for increasingly scarce seats.

UBC president Martha Piper, who chaired the Progress Board committee that looked
at B.C.'s education system, says the provincial government responded to its
warning with a plan to add 25,000 new spaces, half to universities, by 2010.

Initiatives have included establishing a new regional campus of SFU at Surrey's
Central City, and turning the University College of the Cariboo into a satellite
school of UBC, emulating California's state university system.

"If we look out [toward 2010] as those seats are created, we believe [they] will
go a long way toward addressing accessibility," Piper says.

RESEARCH

The ideas that come out of B.C.'s universities are also fuel for the knowledge
economy. The schools are supported heavily in this regard by government, with
programs such as the Canada Research Chairs initiative, Social Sciences and
Humanities Research Council, Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council,
and B.C.'s Leading Edge endowment fund.

The provincial Ministry of Advanced Education keeps tabs on the amount of
research funds B.C. institutions receive. In 2002-03, they got $472 million --
$229.3 million from federal sources, $84.3 million from the province and $158
million from private industry.

Innovation, Piper adds, is simply "people with novel ideas." And in that
respect, B.C.'s four major research universities, UBC SFU, UVic and UNBC, "punch
above our weight" when it comes to generating new knowledge.

Piper would rank UBC and SFU within the top 10 of all universities in North
America when it comes to turning research into commercialized technology.

UBC research helped spawn companies such as anti-blindness drug maker QLT Inc.,
and Angiotech Pharmaceuticals Inc., the creator of drug coatings for
artery-opening heart stents.

SFU vice-president Pinto adds that researchers at his institution have been
responsible for launching technologies such as the television violence-screening
device known as the V-chip, as well as companies such as VSM MedTech Ltd.,
creator of the brain-scanning magnetoencephalograph.

"If you look at the number of spin-off companies formed and technologies
transferred [to commercial use] from university research, it's quite
impressive," Piper says.

However, she adds that for all that B.C. universities do contribute, society as
a whole could help them do more.

Statistics Canada found that in 2004, Canada spent almost $25 billion on
research and development, or 1.9 per cent of the country's gross domestic
product.

Piper says that is an improvement over previous years, but is still a far cry
from the amount other nations put into developing the capacity of their
economies to be innovative. She notes that Singapore aims to spend three per
cent of its GDP on research and development.

Other nations outspend Canada on basic research and development, figures
compiled by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development show.
Tiny Iceland, in 2002, spent 3.04 per cent on its country's research and
development. In the same year, the United States poured 2.82 per cent of its
enormous economic output on research; and Sweden has been in the range of 4.25
per cent in recent years.

Piper adds that while federal and provincial governments have ramped up their
research spending, her biggest fear is that "over the next decade, governments
will back off, [thinking that] the research agenda is finished . . . and we're
far from finished."

Pinto says B.C. is at a disadvantage in attracting the brightest graduate
students, the passionate young researchers who will drive the high-level
innovation of the future. He says B.C. has not provided basic per-student grants
to graduate student spaces at universities since 1991. Ontario and Alberta,
however, do provide such funding to graduate-level studies, and have increased
those amounts in their recent provincial budgets.

"B.C. does extremely well," Pinto says. "That's because of some of the policies
brought in [during the 1980s] by Pat McGeer, who was minister of science and
technology.

"But we could slip very easily. What it really comes down to is having the
correct talent. That's the currency."

depenner@png.canwest.com

B.C.'S UNIVERSITY SECTOR AT A GLANCE:

6 universities

69,308 students

$2.15 billion in total budgets for 2005-06

$472 million in federal and provincial research grants received in 2002-03

Source: B.C. Ministry of Advanced Education, Vancouver Sun

UNIVERSITY OF BRITISH COLUMBIA

Budget 2004: $1.13 billion

Total staff: 11,225

Faculty: 4,019

Student population 2004-05: 34,454 undergraduate;

7,878 graduate

Canada research chairs: 119

Key research institutes: 72, including:

- Liu Institute for the Study of Global Issues

- Tri-University Meson Facility (TRIUMF)

- Michael Smith Laboratories

Research grants 2003-04: $349.6 million

SIMON FRASER UNIVERSITY

Budget 2005-2006: $306.2 million

Total staff: 1,091

Faculty: 759

Student population 1004-05: 23,480 undergraduate; 3,190 graduate

Canada Research Chairs: 31

Other key research chairs: 4

Key research institutes: 53, including:

- Criminology Research Centre

- Behavioural Ecology Research Group

- Mathematics of Information Technology and Complex Systems (MITACS)

Research grants (annually): $50 million

UNIVERSITY OF VICTORIA

Budget 2005-06: $240 million

Total staff: 3,927 employees

Faculty: 2,001

Student population 2004-05: 15,920 undergraduate; 2,400 graduate

Canada Research Chairs: 30

Other key research chairs: 6

Key research institutes: 18, including:

- Centre for Addictions Research BC

- Centre for Earth and Ocean Research

- Institute for Integrated Energy Systems

Research grants 2003-04: $59.1 million

Big innovation: UVic is the lead Canadian university developing the $300-million
Neptune project, an underwater observatory network across the ocean floor from
Oregon to Vancouver Island.

UNIVERSITY OF NORTHERN BRITISH COLUMBIA

Budget for 2005-06: $52.4 million

Total staff: 628

Faculty: 308

Student population 2004-05: 3,570 undergraduate; 410 graduate

Canada Research Chairs: 8

Other key research chairs: 4

Key research institutes: 9 including:

- B.C. Rural and Remote Health Research Institute

- Natural Resources and Environmental Studies Institute

- Centre for Environmental Disturbance Assessment Research

Research grants 2004-05: $10 million

THOMPSON RIVERS UNIVERSITY

Budget 2005-06: $88.2 million

Total staff: 1,566

Faculty: 623

Student population 2004-05: Academic 5,801; career, vocational and other 8,320

Canada research chairs: 3, with options for 2 more

Other key research chairs: 4 (proposals submitted for 2)

Key research institutes: 9 including:

- Centre for the Study of Canada

- Centre for Early Education and Development Studies

- Centre for Ecosystem and Community Ecology

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Peter Battistoni, Vancouver Sun; Mario Pinto, vice-president of research,
says in his lab at SFU, 'Skills are much more fundamental if you look at their
contribution to the knowledge economy ... The way I view it, [it is] the
training of personnel that is the currency [of universities].';
Photo: Ward Perrin, Vancouver Sun; Ramakrishna Bhat works with a concentration
solution in Mario Pinto's research lab at Simon Fraser University, an
institution with a $306.2-million budget and more than 26,500 students.;
Colour Photo: (University of British Columbia.); Colour
Photo: (Simon Fraser University.);
Colour Photo: Brian Sprout, Special to the Vancouver Sun; Students work in the
paleontology lab at the UBC Okanagan campus. It's estimated that the new
institutions have an economic impact worth in excess of $468 million.; Colour
Photo: (University of Northern British Columbia.)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            October 6, 2011 Thursday

ZeaChem and Partners Awarded $40 million USDA Grant

LENGTH: 460 words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 06 -- ZeaChem Inc., a developer of biorefineries for the
conversion of renewable feedstocks into sustainable fuels and chemicals, today
announced it has been awarded part of a $40 million grant by the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) for the commercialization of advanced "drop-in" biofuels.
ZeaChem is part of a consortium led by the University of Washington and includes
GreenWood Resources, Oregon State University, Washington State University, the
University of California, Davis, Evergreen State College and the Agricultural
Center for Excellence.

ZeaChem will lead R&D and demonstration trials for production of bio-based jet
and diesel fuels and bio-based gasoline at its 250,000 gallon per year (GPY)
integrated demonstration biorefinery, located at the Port of Morrow, near
Boardman, Oregon. These products are chemically identical to existing blend
stocks produced in petroleum refineries today, thus eliminating concerns over
distribution infrastructure compatibility. The first volumes of bio-based jet
and diesel fuels will be produced in test quantities in 2013 and bio-based
gasoline will follow in 2015.

"ZeaChem appreciates the USDA's leadership in advancing the commercialization of
cellulosic biofuels," said Jim Imbler, president and chief executive officer of
ZeaChem. "This grant will allow ZeaChem to further build out our economic and
sustainable product platform beyond ethanol utilizing cellulosic feedstocks.
ZeaChem and its partners will commercialize advanced "drop-in" biofuels, for
commercial and military applications, throughout the Pacific Northwest region."

The award is part of the USDA's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI)
Regional Coordinated Agricultural Project (CAP), which seeks to establish
regional systems for the sustainable production of bioenergy and biobased
products. Through the Regional CAP, the USDA will facilitate the development of
the necessary infrastructure across the entire supply chain for advanced
biofuels in the Pacific Northwest. The program seeks collaborative projects with
closely integrated research, extension, and education components.

Coordinated Agricultural Projects are multi-disciplinary, multi-million dollar
projects focused on five "challenge areas" that are a major part of the USDA's
research agenda. The Bioenergy area supports the development of regional systems
of bioenergy production that reduce dependence on foreign oil; have net positive
social, environmental, and rural economic impacts; and are integrated with
current agricultural systems Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            February 24, 2006 Friday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Fund spotlights solutions for long term;
Critics charge energy trust slights today's supply needs

BYLINE: Martin Luttrell, Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS REVIEW; Pg. F18

LENGTH: 1406 words

DATELINE: WESTBORO


That little surcharge for renewable energy, in the small print of the monthly
electric bill, has raised hundreds of millions of dollars for the state's
Renewable Energy Trust.

The trust is a pool of money that was established by the state Legislature to
fund renewable energy-related programs aimed at making buildings more energy
efficient, educating the public on renewable energy and promoting energy
production from renewable means.

Warren Leon, who manages the trust for Massachusetts Technology Collaborative in
Westboro, said the program is paving the way for young technologies while
providing education and making buildings energy efficient.

But with an initial state goal to produce 750 to 1,000 megawatts of new
electrical power by 2009, some critics say the trust hasn't put enough "steel in
the ground" for new production, and that power generation should be the
priority.

Mr. Leon said the trust has taken in $275 million and has made nearly $225
million in awards and commitments, with $169.2 million for renewable energy
projects and $55.4 million for waste-to-energy projects in 136 communities, as
mandated in the initial legislation.

The trust is funded by a surcharge on monthly electric bills, about $6 a year
for the average home.

Assistance has been given to hundreds of projects with a total capacity of more
than 400 megawatts, said Mr. Leon. Of that, 81 megawatts are online or under
construction, he said. About 118 megawatts have been supported through the
trust's Massachusetts Green Power Partnership, Community Wind Collaborative and
various Green Buildings and Infrastructure Initiatives scheduled to be complete
this year or in 2007. Additional projects totaling more than 211 megawatts have
received early-stage support through pre-development financing loans and
feasibility study grants, he said.

"We're investing in some big projects that don't get built quickly," he said.
"For a biomass project or wind farm, when we award money, it could take years to
be completed.

"One way to judge is to ask if we've awarded funding to worthy projects. The
answer is yes. Are we helping to create momentum for renewable energy over time?
Yes. Higher electrical costs are bad for consumers, but that has caused
incentive for renewable energy," said Mr. Leon.

Blackstone Valley Regional Vocational Technical High School in Upton used three
grants from the trust totaling $650,000 to perform a feasibility study and
install high-efficiency lighting with occupancy sensors and photovoltaic panels
on the roof of a 14-classroom wing. The panels are capable of producing nearly
60,000 kilowatt hours of electricity a year, saving the district an estimated
$5,000 to $6,000 a year, said Superintendent Michael F. Fitzpatrick.

"These are outright awards, they're not reimbursable," he said. "Any state
project can be enhanced by the dollars available from the trust. The MTC has
been a joy to work with. We've hosted seminars with them."

Alternatives Unlimited, a Whitinsville agency that provides vocational,
residential and transportation services for people with disabilities, is
redeveloping its property on the Mumford River, and used a $20,000 grant from
the trust to do a feasibility study on making the property energy
self-sufficient.

It subsequently used a $30,000 grant to install rooftop solar panels for
electric power, and is using another grant of $324,000 to get three turbines the
former mill complex used back in service. That grant will help the agency go
through the design and permitting processes, said Philip Ingersoll-Mahoney,
director of administration and finance.

But Robert Ruddock, executive vice president for government affairs at
Associated Industries of Massachusetts, said the trust has not funded the types
of projects that have put enough new power generation on line, and suggested
that the Legislature revisit the law.

"AIM's viewpoint is that this is about creating electrons - generation
facilities that are renewable," Mr. Ruddock said. "The ISO (independent system
operator) and others are concerned over the growth of demand and the lack of
growth of supply."

AIM has taken issue with the fact that some out-of-state projects have received
funding, and that too much of the fund has sat unspent. "We are giving
significant attention to the generation of energy," Mr. Leon countered. "That's
where the majority of our money has been going. The development process, in a
lot of cases, takes a while. We should judge that a couple of years from now,
when the projects we funded are done.

"I would suggest that the Legislature was wise when it set up the trust fund. It
saw that renewable energy can benefit the state in a number of ways," he said.
"Generation is one, and a second is to do things in a way that provides an
economic impact for ratepayers. It develops jobs and businesses. Renewable
energy companies have a bright future here in Massachusetts. We should do what
we can to help them. They will bring jobs, even if the energy they bring is not
here in Massachusetts. It will benefit the state."

MTC spokesman Christopher Kealey also pointed out that a lawsuit over the trust
that went to the state's Supreme Judicial Court held up awarding of trust funds
until 2000.

Mr. Leon also argued that the goal of reaching 750 to 1,000 megawatts of
renewable power generation by 2009 was set early on by the state, but not as a
primary function of the trust.

"It is not a specific goal for the trust to achieve," he said. "We're trying to
do our part to reach that goal. Those megawatts will not come about just from
what the trust does."

Lawrence F. Chretien, executive director of Massachusetts Energy Consumers
Alliance, said his organization has received assistance through the trust, which
he contends has done a good job getting solar and energy-efficient building
programs funded.

"They have an excellent track record of success in green buildings," he said,
"and I would consider decent success moving in solar."

State Rep. John J. Binienda, D-Worcester, who served eight years as House
chairman of the legislative Energy Committee, said the trust is living up to its
promise, but pointed out that siting wind-power facilities is difficult and time
consuming. He said the Massachusetts Technology Collaborative should reach out
to municipalities to provide funding for solar and green building initiatives.

"There are a lot of solar and wind proposals, but as long as we have people
putting the brakes on projects like Cape Wind, you can't blame the trust," he
said. "We have to continue to lessen our dependence on Middle Eastern oil. The
price of natural gas this winter hit an all-time high. Renewable is the way to
go.

"I really believe the collaborative should be doing more outreach," Mr. Binienda
said. "They should start with municipalities. We're the people who have police
stations, fire stations. Let people know the sun shines for 12 hours a day. I'm
hoping they'll do more outreach. I think they could do more with town- and
city-owned property. The biggest expense all municipalities are having this
winter is energy."

Frank J. Gorke, energy advocate at the Massachusetts Public Interest Research
Group, said allegations of not spending enough trust money are a myth and that
the trust is essential to making the state a leader in new, renewable energy
technology.

"We have the solar, wind and academics that can help us put our shoulder to the
wheel," Mr. Gorke said. "It's critical that Massachusetts have an institution
like the Renewable Energy Trust to focus on renewable energy."

Mr. Gorke argued that the state has not adequately enforced the Renewable Energy
Portfolio Standard, which requires utilities to provide an increasing amount of
power generated from new renewable sources. "We're falling short of those
goals," he said. "People are looking to the Renewable Energy Trust to step in
and fill that goal."

Siting and cost are factors in the slow emergence of renewable energy,
particularly wind. There have not been long-term commitments to purchase that
energy, providing another uncertainty for developers, Mr. Gorke said.

"We'd like the regulators to fix the here-and-now stuff so the Renewable Energy
Trust can focus on the next frontier. ... You have to do all the things they are
doing, outreach to cities and towns, education. The problem is so urgent, we
need a multifaceted strategy," he said.

Contact business reporter Martin Luttrell

at mluttrell@telegram.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS
(PHOTO 1) T&G Staff/MARK C. IDE; (PHOTO 2) T&G Staff/PAUL KAPTEYN
(PHOTO 1) Photovoltaic panels that were installed with energy trust funds sit
atop Blackstone Valley Regional Vocational Technical High School in Upton.
(PHOTO 2) Warren Leon, who manages the state's $275 million Renewable Energy
Trust, said the program is paving the way for new technologies, providing
education and making buildings more energy efficient.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Nelson Daily News (British Columbia)

                            August 4, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

In dispute of Cherry's claims

BYLINE: Nelson Daily News

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 705  words


To The Editor:

Clarifications with regard to: "Is Nelson the Best little Arts town in Canada?"
Friday, July 29 column by Dave Cherry:

Re: "Cultural Capitals of Canada": contrary to Mr. Cherry's column, this is not
an "award" for a best arts town, but an annual federal program that supports
arts and culture in Canadian municipalities. Annually, up to five municipalities
with a proven track record of investing in arts and culture can receive Cultural
Capitals designation. The City of Nelson could potentially apply for two grants
per year and 75 percent of total eligible costs up to a maximum of $500,000 each
for a cultural project.

Re. Nelson Museum, Archives and Art Gallery Project: "...with an unsustainable
business plan...": MAAG conducted an extensive strategic, marketing and business
planning period from August 2004 to March 2005, resulting in a Strategic
Planning document, Governance Manual, Market Analysis (Visionlink Consulting),
and thorough Business Plan (Matthews Consulting) for the new facility on 502
Vernon Street. Furthermore, MAAG is currently developing a Marketing and
Communications Plan. These documents have been distributed to City Councillors.
The Business Plan was reviewed by City staff and accepted as a solid,
conservative guideline.

Re. MAAG capital project: "...cost overruns which will become a draft on
taxpayer's purse..." Unlike the new recreation facilities, the MAAG project has
no property tax increase attached to completion of the capital building project.
In fact, the Nelson and District Museum, Archives, Art Gallery and Historical
Society was successful in raising an additional 1. 6 million dollars from
federal and provincial government funding programs, foundations, corporations
and private sponsors, above the 1.0 million City contribution towards the
renovation of 502 Vernon Street. This new money contributes to planning, capital
costs, facility furnishings and the design and fabrication of a permanent Museum
exhibition. For clarification please refer to Councilor Ian Mason's column, NDN
Friday, July 22.

The capital contributions should not be confused with operational funding as Mr.
Cherry does in his column. Operational funding cannot be spent on the capital
project, as per guidelines imposed by our funders.

Re. Economic Impact of the Arts and Heritage in Nelson and Area: The Arts and
Heritage Sector is the only economic sector in Nelson to undertake an
independent Economic Impact Study (Commonwealth Historic Resource Management
Limited, 2003). The results showed that the arts and heritage sector is
important to the Nelson economy and tourism industry.

This study concluded that the cultural sector generates a total net impact of
spending on arts and heritage of $75 million dollars, and estimated the total
effect of tourism on economic activity in Nelson to be $190 million. The direct
measurable economic impact of the arts and heritage sector in Nelson is about
$15 million annually. This supports some 581 full-time equivalent jobs in the
Nelson Area. Full report at nelsonmuseum.ca

Thirty percent of Nelson visitors cite arts and heritage as 'very important' or
the 'sole reason' for their visit to the area. Even arts and cultural events
that face financial challenges, such as Streetfest, generate tourist interest,
which benefits the retail and hospitality sectors and contribute to both the
cultural and economic wealth of the community. With the Nelson Museum, Archives
and Art Gallery, the city continues its efforts to further retain the heritage
character, keep the downtown strong, recognize the shifting economic base and
advance Nelson's cultural sector.

Re.: '...vision of Nelson's future...' the arts and culture never proclaimed to
be the savior of Nelson's economy, Mr. Cherry, however building an arts and
heritage community requires, as in all other sectors, investment and recognition
of its potential as an economic force. The Nelson Economic Development
Partnership, the Chamber of Commerce 'Tourism Committee' and the 'Advancing the
Arts in Nelson' initiative are all stepping stones in the building of a strong
and diverse economy for Nelson.

Nelson and District Museum, Archives, Art Gallery and Historical Society Board
of Directors

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Nelson Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 18, 2010 Saturday

NIU project will move at high speed into the region

BYLINE: Jason Carson Wilson, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 416 words


Sept. 18--ROCK FALLS -- Technologically speaking, northwest Illinois soon will
be moving into the 21st century.

The largest grant Northern Illinois University has ever received -- $68.5
million -- will be used to improve broadband access in the region, school
officials announced this week.

NIU will lead the Illinois Broadband Opportunity Partnership project to make
high-speed Internet accessible throughout a 9-county region which includes
Whiteside, Lee, Ogle and Carroll counties.

"Eventually, it'll mean no more dial-up service," Blackhawk Hills Resource
Conservation and Development coordinator Dave Dornbusch said.

The university estimates the network will connect about 500 institutions,
including nearly 200 schools, 40 libraries, and 60 hospitals and clinics. It
also will allow 280,000 homes and 16,000 businesses access to broadband service.

Blackhawk Hills has joined the LaSalle County Broadband Initiative and the city
of Rockford in contributing about $8 million total toward the project. Nearly
$46 million in federal stimulus money and $14 million in Illinois state grants
account for the lion's share of the funding.

Gov. Pat Quinn had asked the entities to combine their respective projects. The
groups then asked NIU to be the lead agency.

The 2-year construction project also will benefit Jo Daviess, Stephenson and La
Salle counties, ultimately creating a 870-mile fiber-optic network -- 637 miles
of new fiber and 233 miles of existing fiber -- by December 2012.

"A small community never really had the drawing power to get a company to come
in and do something," Dornbusch said.

John Lewis, associate vice president of Administration and University Outreach,
said the underlying reason NIU got involved is because the university has a
mission of engaging with the community around it and working with the region it
serves to improve the quality of life. Once it's running, Lewis said, NIU
faculty will start investigating the economic impact of the project, such as how
to develop programs for those who cannot make it to campus.

To see more of The Daily Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.saukvalley.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100918-YG-NIU-project-will-move-at-high-speed-into-the-region-0918-20100918

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2010 Daily Gazette


                              688 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 18, 2015 Sunday

Daviess fails to get grant for trail study

BYLINE: Keith Lawrence, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 469 words


Jan. 18--It's been more than a year since Daviess Fiscal Court began talking
with neighboring counties about creating a 90-mile multi-use trail from Audubon
State Park in Henderson to Rough River Dam State Resort Park in Grayson County.

But don't expect to be able to walk or bike it anytime soon.

"We failed to get the federal grant to pay for the study," Daviess
Judge-Executive Al Mattingly said last week. "We're going to reapply this year.
But planning will take awhile, because we'll have to have meetings to get input
from the public."

Ross Leigh, the county's parks director, said the grant didn't involve money,
just technical assistance from the National Park Service's staff.

He said the county will reapply for the assistance before the August deadline.

"We really want to see this move," Ohio Judge-Executive David Johnston said.

Ohio County has also been working toward its goal of becoming a Trail Town since
June.

That's a separate program that would include a park and campgrounds in Hartford
with an access point for kayakers on Rough River.

The Trail Town designation is part of the state's Adventure Tourism initiative
to encourage communities to look at their potential for kayaking, mountain
biking, hiking, horseback riding and for all-terrain vehicles.

So far, only four communities -- Morehead, Olive Hill, Livingston and Dawson
Springs -- have earned the certification.

The multi-use trail from Henderson to Grayson County, while separate, would
encourage recreation in Ohio County.

People from several counties attended a public forum in Owensboro last March.

"I want you to keep an open mind, because not one thing has been decided by any
county," Mattingly told those attending.

But he said the trail could be a benefit for communities along the route.

"Think about the economic impact it could have on the city of Whitesville and
the city of Fordsville," he said.

Mattingly said the old Illinois Central Railroad bed that runs through eastern
Daviess County and Ohio County "gives us a general direction of where to go,"
Mattingly said.

In areas where the railroad bed runs across private property, the trail would
not follow the railroad bed if the land owner refused to sell, he said.

Russell Clark of the National Parks Service's rivers, trails and conservation
assistance program told the crowd that grants are available for counties to
create trails.

"This project really excites me, because we're looking at a regional vision,"
Clark said.

That wasn't enough to get the county a grant last year.

But Leigh said the county will reapply, hoping to get assistance by next year.

Keith Lawrence, 691-7301, klawrence@messenger-inquirer.com

___ (c)2015 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150118-OW-Daviess-fails-to-get-grant-for-trail-study-0118-20150118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2015 Messenger-Inquirer


                              689 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Northrop Grumman, bwtech@UMBC Graduate First Three Companies from Cyber Cync
Program

LENGTH: 632  words

DATELINE: BALTIMORE


Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE: NOC) and the University of Maryland,
Baltimore County's Research Park Corporation - also known as bwtech@UMBC -
hosted a ceremony today for the first graduating class of the Cyber Cync
Program: AccelerEyes, Five Directions and Oculis Labs.

The event also marked the expansion of bwtech@UMBC's Cyber Incubator program, a
sign of the program's success and the positive economic impact both initiatives
are making on the region.

Highlighting the event, which was held at bwtech@UMBC Research and Technology
Park, were remarks by Kathy Warden, corporate vice president and president,
Northrop Grumman Information Systems; Dr. Freeman Hrabowski, president, UMBC;
and Kevin Kamenetz, Baltimore County Executive.

"We're proud to be a part of this endeavor and congratulate the Cync companies,"
said Warden. "When seeking the most innovative approaches to mitigating the
cyber threat, academia and small business bring unique insights to a cyber
leader like Northrop Grumman. This partnership with UMBC and the Cync companies
is generating the type of game-changing technologies that keep us ahead in the
cyber battle, while helping us to cultivate tomorrow's cyber workforce."

"The graduation of the first three companies from this program demonstrates the
potential of university and corporate partnerships to grow Maryland's economy
and support young businesses," Hrabowski said.  "UMBC's research park is playing
an increasing role in developing the cybersecurity sector in Maryland, and we
couldn't have a better partner in that work than Northrop Grumman."

The Cync program, founded in March 2011, is an innovative partnership between
Northrop Grumman and bwtech@UMBC that focuses on commercializing technology to
protect the nation from a growing range of cyber threats. The Northrop Grumman
Cync Program builds on bwtech@UMBC's successful business-incubation framework by
offering a "scholarship program" for small businesses with the most promising
cybersecurity ideas. Participants in the program draw on UMBC's research
expertise and Northrop Grumman resources to develop tools that will secure and
protect our nation's networks.

Participants also cut the ribbon on a 3,353 square-foot expansion of the
bwtech@UMBC Cyber Incubator. The new space, called the CyberHive, will include
five incubator labs, two shared offices, a conference room, coffee bar, kitchen
and coworking space.  In total, there are 48 cybersecurity companies in the
bwtech@UMBC community making it the largest cluster of early-stage cybersecurity
companies at a university-affiliated research park in the nation.

Sen. Barbara Mikulski and Rep. Elijah E. Cummings, made the following comments
regarding today's event:

"Maryland is the global epicenter of cyber security, leading the way in finding
cyber tech solutions that make our country safer and preparing our cyber
warriors for jobs that make our economy stronger," said Mikulski. "Because of
Maryland's incredible federal assets, dynamic private sector and academic
institutions, America's cyber defense starts in Maryland. The partnership
between institutions like UMBC and Northrop Grumman for the Cyber Cync Program
is so important for Maryland and the country. It builds the cyber workforce and
makes sure that our students are ready to fill the jobs of today and the jobs of
tomorrow."

"I am thrilled to see the success of the Cyber Cync Program, demonstrated by the
first round of graduates celebrated today, and the expansion of UMBC's Cyber
Incubator," said Cummings. "As technology's role in society continues to grow,
the cybersecurity problems we face will only become more difficult. Innovative
partnerships like Cync play a critical role in ensuring we are able to find
solutions to those problems now, and in the future."

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                                 April 21, 2011

This is no place for slogans

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 32 No. 1995

LENGTH: 131  words


We write to express our strong support for the views put forward by Donald
Braben et al. regarding Research Councils UK's Pathways to Impact process
("Corrosive impact merits only dismissal", Letters, 14 April). In particular, we
endorse the call for academics to respond to requests to peer-review the
Pathways to Impact component of grant applications by stating that they are not
competent to assess future socio-economic impact.

We ourselves will respond to the research councils in this way and encourage our
colleagues to adopt a similar stance. As Braben et al. point out, the Pathways
to Impact initiative undermines the fundamental purpose of university research
and will permanently damage UK academia.

Daniel Allington, Centre for Language and Communication, The Open University

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 TSL Education Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 2, 2017 Thursday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Memoranda: PA Museum Preservation Act

LENGTH: 492  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following Memoranda
updates:



 In the near future, Senator Costa and I will be re-introducing legislation, SB
170 of last session, to establish the Pennsylvania Museum Preservation Act.
Co-sponsors from last session were: ALLOWAY, HUGHES, ARGALL, BAKER, FONTANA,
VULAKOVICH, HAYWOOD, AUMENT, BARTOLOTTA, FARNESE, BREWSTER, YUDICHAK, VOGEL,
WILLIAMS, DINNIMAN, TARTAGLIONE, McILHINNEY and McGARRIGLE.





 The Pennsylvania Legislative Budget and Finance Committee issued a report on
the economic impact of museums in Pennsylvania. Tourism is one of Pennsylvania's
largest industries injecting approximately $33 billion annually into the
Commonwealth's economy and museums play a large role in this sector. By one
estimate, 13,000 staff persons are employed by Pennsylvania's museums and more
than 25,000 Pennsylvania's businesses are involved in arts and culture related
creative enterprises.



 In the last few years funding has been reduced for both state-owned and
nonstate-owned museums. As a result, the Legislative Budget and Finance
Committee recommended the exploration of creative funding strategies for funding
museums and cultural activities.



 Therefore, we are proposing a consistent source of funding to assist
Pennsylvania museums that do not receive general operating support from other
state sources. This plan is a first step in funding a program that is
streamlined, uses a verified, accepted list of museums, allows for operating
support and multi-year funding, and is distributed on performance-based,
verifiable criteria to eligible museums aligned with national standards.



 Funds would be distributed by the PHMC to qualified Pennsylvania museums that
commit to the American Alliance of Museums (AAM) Pledge of Excellence."



 The following are the types of museums that would be eligible to apply:

 Botanic Gardens and Arboreta, Children's Museums, History Museums, Historical
Societies,

 Historic Houses/Sites, Military and Maritime Museums, Natural History Museums,
Nature Centers,

 Planetariums, Science and Technology Centers and General Museums with two or
more equally

 significant disciplines.

 Also eligible are multipurpose organizations and individual museums within
multipurpose government or tax-exempt organizations may apply for grants if they
function as a discrete unit within the parent organization.



 Museums that meet the AAM definition of museum and with operating budgets of
more than $100,000 may apply for grants of up to 15% of their operating budget.
AAM accredited museums will be eligible for an additional grant of up to 1% of
their operating budget. These grants will not exceed $500,000 each.



 We hope you will join us in co-sponsoring this important initiative. If you
need further information, please feel free to contact our offices.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           September 25, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

USDA injects $635,000 into rural energy saving, business development

BYLINE: Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: F; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 423 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


Grants help finance 43 projects throughout the state.

The United States Department of Agriculture Rural Development announced funding
Wednesday for 43 projects throughout Nebraska totaling $635,878.

The projects will benefit rural areas by providing funding for energy, business
development and community facilities.

Energy Efficiency Improvements and Renewable Energy Systems grants are awarded
to farmers, ranchers and for-profit small businesses to help develop renewable
energy such as wind, solar, biomass, biogas and geothermal; and energy
efficiency improvement projects such as insulation, windows, doors, HVAC,
refrigeration, lighting and pumping/air/motor systems.

Nebraska received $418,348 in energy efficiency improvements and renewable
energy systems grants.  Recipients in Southeast Nebraska were:

* Grand Central Foods Inc., York:$39,290 for energy-improved freezer equipment
for grocery store.

* The Eating Establishment, doing business as Runza, York: $2,650 for
energy-efficient heat pump.

* Fred Koch, Beatrice:$15,630 to convert to low-pressure pivot system with
electric motor.

* Gene Niederklein, Wilber: $17,250 to convert to low-pressure pivot system and
electric motor.

* Goertzen-Ensz Farms Partnership, Beatrice: $8,940 for new pumping system,
electric motor and low-pressure pivot.

nHeavenly Treasure Inc., Pawnee City: $5,700 for new heating/cooling, windows
and lighting.

* Jeffrey Rahe, DeWitt: $11,710 to convert to low-pressure pivot irrigation
system.

* Larjo Farms Inc., Fairbury: $13,310 for new low-pressure pivot system and
diesel power unit.

* Marvin Zimmerman, Plymouth:$15,400 to convert to energy and water efficient
low-pressure pivot system and new electric power unit.

* Larry Siebert, Henderson: $17,370 to convert to efficient pivot systems and
electric motors.

* Mulhall Farm's Inc., Gretna: $49,830 to install geothermal heating system for
new greenhouses.

nSorensen Grading, Platts-mouth: $2,670 to improve lighting and heating systems,
replace overhead shop door, install insulation at business.

* Tom Svoboda doing business as D.C. Auto Parts, David City: $3,470 for new
heating/cooling equipment, windows and doors in business facility.

* Victor Bohuslavsky, Brainard: $5,420 to convert irrigation to new,
high-efficiency diesel units.

* Wahoo Locker LLC, Wahoo: $19,610 for new energy-efficient locker equipment.

Rural Business Enterprise Grants, Rural Business Opportunity Grants and Economic
Impact Initiative Grants worth more than $200,000 were awarded to outstate
Nebraska organizations on Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 16, 2010 Wednesday

Holliday is Westerly chamber's citizen of year

BYLINE: Anthony Cronin, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 533 words


Jun. 16--The Greater Westerly-Pawcatuck Area Chamber of Commerce honored Richard
C. Holliday as its citizen of the year during its annual meeting Tuesday night
in Westerly.

The chamber gala was held at the Venice Restaurant in Westerly, attracting
nearly 200 business people, local leaders and dignitaries.

Holliday was praised for his extensive community service to the Westerly area,
including 24 years on the board of the Ocean Community YMCA.

In the late 1990s, Holliday was elected chairman of its board and helped oversee
the completion of the last major expansion of the YMCA building. Holliday also
serves as co-chairman of the group's capital campaign.

He also has played an important role with the Westerly Land Trust, serving on
its board for a decade and was a key player in the trust's Avondale Farm
Preserve acquisition. During his 10 years there, the land trust's acquisitions
soared from 45 acres to more than 1,000 acres.

Holliday also has served on the board of the Wood-Pawcatuck Watershed
Association and has served on the Westerly Hospital board since 2007.

During Tuesday night's annual meeting, Lisa Konicki, the chamber's executive
director, thanked her staff and those receiving the chamber's top annual honors,
saying the chamber had another successful year, despite a challenging economy.

She said the chamber's core mission continues to be tourism and economic
development that support's the area's existing business base.

Konicki said the serious March floods affected many businesses. "The economic
impact of this natural disaster will be felt for months to come," she said.

The chamber responded immediately by establishing the Jump Start Small Business
Recovery Grant Program to support those businesses affected by the flood and has
raised tens of thousands of dollars from the community to assist those firms.

"The support and momentum was simply terrific. The final result of this
initiative was more than $63,000 raised," she said. "This allowed the chamber to
provide grants to 21 businesses and nonprofit organizations who desperately
needed the help, and gratefully appreciated the assistance."

She also said a new business stimulus package is benefiting local businesses, as
well. "As you can see, we're fully engaged in the issues that foster a positive
business climate," said Konicki.

In addition to its citizen of the year, the chamber also honored Frank Palaia
with its Key Award for his many contributions to the chamber over many years.

Palaia leads the chamber's AED program, which has distributed automatic
electronic defibrillators to many schools, fire departments and police
departments throughout the Westerly area.

Palaia also has served on the chamber board, including a year as president, and
will serve as co-chairman of this year's River Glow festivities.

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100616-NL-Holliday-is-Westerly-chamber-s-citizen-of-year-0616

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2010 The Day


                              694 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           October 17, 2013 Thursday

Cultural Council awards $2.4 million;
Grants distributed to 21 organizations a smaller decrease than feared

BYLINE: Charlie Patton

SECTION: Pg. B-6

LENGTH: 416 words


The Cultural Council of Greater Jacksonville announced Tuesday that it will be
distributing $2,416,447 to 21 cultural organizations through the city's Cultural
Service Grant Program during the fiscal year 2013-14.

The total money distributed represents "a tiny little dip" of about $50,000 from
the $2.47 million distributed last fiscal year, said Diane Brunet-Garcia, the
Cultural Council's chairman. That was a major relief for the Cultural Council,
which was told to expect a funding cut of as much as 14 percent during budget
discussions last summer.

"It's absolutely good news for cultural organizations," she said. "It's a real
testament of the advocacy work of our outgoing director [Robert Arleigh White]
and of the organizations, not only their paid employees but their volunteers and
board members. Those folks showed up not only through the budget hearings but
all year long."

The largest individual grant, $322,220, went to the Cummer Museum of Art &
Gardens, one of seven Level I organizations with annual budgets of more than $1
million.

Other Level I grants went to the Cathedral Arts Project, $147,296; the Florida
Theatre, $299,195; the Jacksonville Symphony Association, $285,791; the Museum
of Contemporary Art Jacksonville, $206,607; the Museum of Science and History,
$321,274; and WJCT Public Broadcasting, $304,373.

The largest grant to a Level II organization ($250,000-$1 million annual budget)
went to Theatre Jacksonville, $92,541. Other Level II grants went to Beaches
Museum and History Park, $43,834; Jacksonville Children's Chorus, $65,803;
Jacksonville Historical Society, $40,739; Players by the Sea, $73,592; Ritz
Chamber Players, $25,547; and Theatreworks, $49,523.

The largest Level III (annual budget under $250,000) went to Friday Musicale,
$37,671. Other Level III grants went to Atlantic Beach Experimental Theatre,
$11,931; Beaches Fine Arts Series, $29,955; City Kids Art Factory, $6,789; Don't
Miss A Beat, $10,662; Mandarin Museum and Historical Society $7,389; and
Riverside Fine Arts Association, $33,721.

Since 1990, the Cultural Council of Greater Jacksonville has served as the
official regranting and administrative agency for city of Jacksonville funding
to cultural organizations. In a recent study, the Northeast Florida Center for
Community Initiatives at the University of North Florida found that the local
economic impact of organizations receiving grants through the program was $58
million during fiscal year 2011-12.

Charlie Patton: (904) 359-4413

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Florida Times-Union


                              695 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 25, 2009 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Total Place shows how crucial local action is to efficiency

BYLINE: Guy Clifton

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 64

LENGTH: 542 words


Total Place is a key plank in the Treasury's strategy for increasing efficiency
and realising significant savings across the public sector. Under the initiative
, which is being piloted in 13 places in England, the flow of public spending in
a local area is calculated and mapped in an effort to identify overlaps and
duplications where savings can be made.

Total Place will include pilot authorities and their partners adding up public
spending in their area and will, for the first time, provide a realistic view of
what "public sector plc" really means for those local authority areas.

However, there is one important factor that has been largely forgotten - the
effect on the wider economy. Public spending generates economic prosperity in
the areas where it takes place far beyond the public sector; for people through
employment and for local businesses through spending on goods and services.

Because local authorities and other local public sector bodies are under no
obligation to measure the wider economic impacts of their activities, any
service transformation resulting from Total Place may not take into
consideration how it affects the local economy. For example, what is the impact
on local suppliers if procurement is rationalised across a locality, and what is
the effect on local employment where there is a move to appoint a strategic
partner to deliver back office services.

Many in local government and the wider public sector recognise that Total Place
will be critical to managing a collective response to the perilous state of
public finances. It should benefit local taxpayers and local service users
through efficiencies and through improving the quality of outcomes.

It is important for those in the public sector to mitigate the vicious circle of
reduced public expenditure that is being compounded by recession-based
pressures. But it is imperative that those involved in the initiative fully
understand its effect on their local economy.

The tightening of public spending will put significant pressure on all public
agencies not only to deliver efficient and effective services, but also to use
their decreasing resources to greater effect by supporting jobs, providing
skills and training, and encouraging investment, innovation and
entrepreneurship.

Economic prosperity underpins many of the outcomes on which authorities and
their partners are focusing. It is also generally accepted that the worsening
state of public finances is placing huge pressure on the Government to cut
spending not only next year, but through to 2015-16 and beyond. The Total Place
pilots are progressing towards reporting their final results as part of the 2010
Budget and it will be interesting to see how, and if, any of these fundamental
issues is addressed.

John Denham, the Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government,
believes that the initiative is a real opportunity to assess public spending
and, in doing so, rewrite public services. However, the benefits and ambitions
for Total Place will be realised only if its wider economic repercussions are
fully understood.

Guy Clifton is an associate director in Grant Thornton UK's Government
Consulting practice. Find out more about Total Place at
www.localleadership.gov.uk/totalplace

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2009 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 7, 2011 Thursday

Grant to help Haven develop river heritage action plan

BYLINE: Leslie Richardson, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 575 words


April 07--SCHUYLKILL HAVEN -- The borough is benefitting from grant funding to
help develop recreational opportunities and spur tourism in communities along
the Schuylkill River.

Schuylkill Haven officials met last week with Kurt Zwikl, Schuylkill River
Heritage Area executive director, Kara Wilson, a Schuylkill River Trail steward,
and Joanne Parulis and Kay Jones of Schuylkill County's VISION to get started on
a Heritage Action Plan, which VISION will help the borough create.

Schuylkill Haven received a $2,000 grant through the heritage area's new
Heritage Towns and Tours initiative. The money came through a second round of
funding created to accommodate more applicants.

"The Schuylkill River Heritage is looking to complete a river trail from
Philadelphia to Pottsville and we are looking to enhance the trail in Schuylkill
Haven," Schuylkill Haven Mayor Gary Hess said Wednesday. "We have the Island
Park project going on, and the trail actually goes around there, so it is the
ideal situation."

The borough is in the process of a five-phase revitalization project that
includes the Island project, Schuylkill River project, the Walk-In Art Center,
the Route 61 corridor and downtown revitalization.

Hess said the borough decided to bring VISION on board to connect the community
and the county.

"They bring a lot to the table, especially in seeing things not only good for
Schuylkill Haven, but good for all of Schuylkill County," Hess said. "We are
near the southern tip of Schuylkill County, and if we can connect to the rest of
Schuylkill County above us and Berks County below us, that will give us and the
entire county a leg up to get people to come in not only for tourism, but to
start businesses because of the tourism."

The heritage area's vision is to have a network of communities using their
historical, environmental and recreational resources to enhance visitors'
experiences, improve residents' quality of life and increase the positive
economic impact of these resources.

"SRHA received many more applications for the grant program than anticipated,
and after selecting the top five applications, we felt that there were still a
number of very strong applications that we wanted to encourage," Wilson said.
"So, whilst we could only offer the full grant to five communities, we managed
to make available funding to support communities with the creation of a Heritage
Action Plan for a further four applicants."

Schuylkill Haven has up to $2,000 in grant funds to create a Heritage Action
Plan using the Heritage Towns & Tours Toolkit.

Hess said the thought is that someone might come to Schuylkill Haven to open a
bike shop for people riding along the bike trail or someone might sell or rent
canoes near the boat launch.

"That's the pitch -- to look outside the box," Hess said.

The grants were made possible with funding from the William Penn Foundation and
are intended to support communities along the Schuylkill River land and water
trails, Laura Catalano, SRHA staff writer said.

The heritage area covers Schuylkill, Berks, Chester, Montgomery and Philadelphia
counties.

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Republican & Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110407-RN-Grant
-to-help-Haven-develop-river-heritage-action-plan-0407-20110407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2011 Republican & Herald


                              697 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             April 14, 2013 Sunday

This can be just the first spark

BYLINE: Frank Denton

SECTION: Frank Denton; Pg. E-1

LENGTH: 931 words


One Spark is so much more important than one spark. It very well may be only the
first spark.

It certainly will be the big spark that lights up downtown over a long weekend
that likely will be the biggest since that football game eight years ago - and,
we hope, more enduring.

Brace yourself for a crush. Saturday, the last full day of the One Spark art and
innovation festival, downtown also will offer: the Florida Theatre Rock the
Bridge Gala on the Main Street Bridge, Earth Day and Ecology Fair, a Carrie
Underwood concert at Veterans Memorial Arena, an O'Jays concert at the Florida
Theatre, the Suns hosting Chattanooga at the Baseball Grounds, Stevie Finders
and Sho Nuf at The Jacksonville Landing ...

And oh yes, the sixth version of the mysterious Legend Series dinners somewhere
downtown, with the place, menu and entertainment announced only that morning.

"It's going to be rockin' and rollin'," said Terry Lorince, executive director
of Downtown Vision. "It's going to be huge, a great night.

"I've called it downtown Jacksonville's coming-out party. We need a stronger
vibe down here, and this is bringing that stronger vibe, a strong identity to
downtown."

One Spark is the main event, of course, but there's an even larger story here --
about the possible creative convergence of a wave of Jacksonville arts
initiatives that has developed in the past few years and will help light up
downtown this week.

Fueled by new leaders of some of the largest arts and cultural organizations,
the movement emerged about a year and a half ago with the creation of an
initiative called Cultural Fusion to foster innovative cooperative ventures
among arts leaders.

"There was a time when you had to keep the ball in your own court," said Robert
Arleigh White, executive director of the Cultural Council of Greater
Jacksonville. "Over the course of the last five to seven years, new leaders have
come to play with an attitude that we are going to have more fun and go farther,
faster if we go together."

Lorince sees the progress. "When I first came to town about 12 years ago, in my
first meetings, a group of cultural organizations were trying to get together to
figure out how to work together. But there were a lot of issues, and it never
got off the ground.

"That is changing, and it's starting to happen, particularly the artists and
other folks involved in One Spark. One Spark is helping the collaboration, sort
of saying here's how we're going to do things. It's a great opportunity."

Wait a minute. Go back up to my third paragraph. The Florida Theatre Rock the
Bridge Gala on the Main Street Bridge?

Now, who would figure out how to shut down the downtown drawbridge on the last
full day of One Spark so 200 people can pay $500 each to have cocktails and
dinner on the bridge underneath our striking skyline?

Numa Saisselin, the new president of the Florida Theatre, and his staff worked
with the city, the state Department of Transportation, the Sheriff's Office and
the U.S. Coast Guard to provide the dramatic setting for the theater's first
fundraiser in about 25 years.

Saisselin ("the fifth generation of firstborn sons with that first and last name
but different middle names," dating from 1873 in Switzerland) was recruited from
the Count Basie Theatre in New Jersey, as the Florida Theatre board searched for
an executive to invigorate the nonprofit venue, expand its shows, build its
audience and stabilize its finances.

Last year, the theater pulled in 130,000 people for 130 performances, with an
estimated economic impact of $5 million to $7 million.

That's not enough. "We can do more," Saisselin said. "We can change the behavior
of the market. We've been a little complacent with our booking and not filling
up our calendar. We need a broader array of shows targeting different interests
- age, racial, ethnic interests."

The larger target is that group of people who sit home in front of the TV rather
than seek out live entertainment downtown.

"I wouldn't give up on those people," Saisselin said. "I would give them reasons
to come. I would say to those folks, 'You are really missing out.' "

"Numa brings a passion to the Florida Theatre in supporting downtown and opening
the theatre up and being supportive of the entire community," said Lorince,
who's on the theater board. "I see the positive energy he's bringing."

White, who was on the theater search committee, said the bridge party is an
example of the fresh thinking Saisselin adds to the downtown mix. "It's new,
exciting and different. Numa actually pulled it off."

White himself announced a Cultural Council spark - the Sparks Grants Initiative
(conceived and named, he said, two years before One Spark) - which will fund
performing or visual arts projects downtown. Private partners have provided
$60,000 for up to seven grants the first year.

"The metaphor of the spark is what's really, really interesting and what we
ought to be thinking about," White said. "A spark ignites something bigger going
forward. This is going to ignite a different way of thinking about downtown and
the possibilities for downtown.

"We're definitely at a turning point."

Saisselin said his experience tells him, "Downtown is very close to a tipping
point. One or two things fall into place, and the momentum will progress in the
right direction."

So get off your duff and come downtown at least once this week while the sparks
are flying. There'll be performances, ideas, art, innovation and excitement on
every block.

"Isn't this exciting?" White asked. "What if the city did this all the time?"

frank.denton@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4197

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Florida Times-Union


                              698 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                           August 19, 2009 Wednesday

Drought bill up to $1.3b

BYLINE: GRAHAM Kathy

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 595 words


Waikato farmers were harder hit by the last two seasons of drought than
initially thought, with the latest report from MAF estimating the economic
impact has reached nearly $1.3 billion.

The latest report by MAF on the cost of the drought has seen it jump to $2.8
billion nationally from an estimated $1.2 billion, the Waikato region suffering
44 per cent of that cost.

MAF's Regional and National Impacts of the 2007-09 Drought Report estimates the
drought's effects on farm gate production, farm inputs and stock numbers.

Federated Farmers president Don Nicolson said with the economic effect of the
2007-08 drought being revised upwards, "the economic case (for water storage
solutions) is indisputable".

Federated Farmers is lobbying the government and Don Brash's productivity
taskforce to back water storage to combat the economic impact of drought and
lessen the impact on farmers.

Environment Waikato chairman and Te Kawhauta dairy farmer Peter Buckley, while
welcoming the initiative, is cautious about the economic viability of creating
water storage facilities in the Waikato.

"Any catchment areas we would be looking at to store water in the Waikato, the
soil is either pumice or sand and it would be quite difficult to build storage
dams," he said.

It was estimated that for dairy farms the losses due to the drought were
equivalent to about 8 per cent of production over the two years, while in sheep
and beef farms it was equivalent to about 4 per cent of production

In financial terms, the impact of the drought was felt most heavily by dairy
farmers, who suffered almost 80 per cent of the loss in value added.

For the combined 2007-08 and 2008-09 seasons, the drought will have cost
approximately $1.9 billion in lost production and increased costs, and a further
$100 million to $200m in rundown of on-farm stored feed. This net cost is the
reduction in direct value added or GDP.

The report noted that the heavy losses suffered in the Waikato reflected the
huge dairy production base of the area as well as the infrequent nature of
drought in the region.

This latter factor leads to a rational farmer response of adopting less
conservative stocking rates and higher risk farming systems than in areas where
drought is more common, and hence losing more when drought does occur. It
suggests farmers in the Waikato are not as well prepared to cope with drought,
so their probable slower management responses may also lead to higher losses
than would occur in an area where management responses were better practiced.

Mr Buckley said farmers needed to consider their options in line with the
current restrictions placed on water availability in the Waikato.

"Rules and regulations make people become more innovative to think outside the
square. There is a movement now for farmers to use the water they have more
efficiently."

Mr Nicolson said the negative impact of the drought cost billions but the
current response is the Community Irrigation Fund's $5.7 million (excluding GST)
in grants over eight years. Mr Nicolson said. Touting the prospect that building
water storage facilities could create more permanent jobs than a national
cycleway, Mr Nicholson said, "It seems ridiculous that when water storage can
generate around $8 in payback for every dollar invested, it's not being pushed
harder to create jobs and wealth."

Mr Nicolson said that with the MetService warning El Nino may be back this
summer, the policy response has not moved from from 2007-08. "Unlike 2007-08,
the world is now in a recession, so the effect of another drought will be
amplified."

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Fairfax New Zealand Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                           September 23, 2013 Monday

Shell Foundation, GroFin to provide $100m for SMEs

BYLINE: Times News Service

LENGTH: 520 words


Muscat: Shell Foundation and GroFin, the specialist SME development financier,
yesterday announced a new initiative, ...


Muscat: Shell Foundation and GroFin, the specialist SME development financier,
yesterday announced a new initiative, Nomou, to provide critical business
support and long-term capital to small and medium enterprises (SMEs) across the
MENA region.



Nomou aims to act as a catalyst for the SME sector in the Middle East and North
Africa (Mena) region to become a major driver of sustainable job creation by
providing extensive business support and a target that exceeds $100 million in
growth finance to start-up and growing SMEs.

The objective is to create over 15,000 sustainable jobs, improve 195,000
livelihoods, and deliver business support to more than 600 sustainable SMEs
across Jordan, Egypt, Iraq, Saudi Arabia and Oman.

With Mena currently experiencing the highest regional unemployment in the world
at over 10 per cent, the World Bank estimates that Arab countries need to create
100 million new jobs by 2020 to ensure sustainable social development and
economic growth.

The SME sector can be a major engine of sustainable job creation but, as recent
research from Hearts & Mind Strategies shows, the market in Mena is critically
under-served with entrepreneurs lacking the vital resources that they need to
succeed: access to flexible patient capital, access to business skills and
training, and linkages to supply chains.

Nomou seeks to address these market barriers by providing risk capital through
loans ranging from $100,000 to $2 million, based on the viability of the
business plan of a small and medium enterprise as opposed to the availability of
collateral, and extensive pre- and post-investment business support to help
entrepreneurs develop and execute effective growth strategies.

The initiative has already attracted the interest of a range of investors,
donors and development agencies, including Royal Dutch Shell Jordan Enterprise
Development Corporation.

UK's Department for International Development, JP Morgan Chase Foundation and
UKAid. The support provided by the JPMorgan Chase Foundation will be directed
towards business skills and training for entrepreneurs in Saudi Arabia. Royal
Dutch Shell will provide additional support by identifying potential suppliers
and contractors within its supply chains who can benefit from support offered by
Nomou.

Nomou is based on GroFin and Shell Foundation's ten-year track record of
providing vital and much-needed support to SMEs in Africa, where they have
already created more than 14,000 jobs, provided almost 6,100 SMEs with business
support, and generated $1.67 billion of economic impact. The partners are now
bringing this proven integrated solution to the under-served SME sector in the
Mena region.

Shell Foundation, the independent charity, has provided strategic support and
grant funding to enable GroFin to establish Nomou, build operational capacity
across the Mena region and recruit teams of local investment professionals - and
to anchor country-level SME funds and a dedicated business support facility.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2013 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 8, 2011 Friday

Ag department offers grants for specialty crops

BYLINE: Karen Hollish, The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 707 words


July 08--ST. THOMAS -- Charles Barry's farm in Dorothea buzzes with thousands of
bees, many of which he rescued from homeowners who wanted nothing to do with the
insects or their hives.

They since have pollinated countless plants and provided extra income for Barry,
a U.S. Postal Service retiree who entered the V.I. Agriculture Department's
beekeeper-training program several years ago. Barry hopes his little charges
soon will do even more work for him, as he plans to plant an orchard of guava
trees for them to pollinate.

"Right now, I can only sell honey," said Barry, who hopes that the guava fruits
will provide another steady income stream.

He may be able to find help reaching his goal, as V.I. Agriculture Commissioner
Louis Petersen Jr. is offering specialty crop grants through the Virgin Fresh
Orchard and Fruit Plot Planting Project. Individual producers can request up to
$3,000, and organizations can ask for $5,000, for cultivating specialty crops.
While certain vegetables, flowers and other plants are considered specialty
crops, preference will be given to applicants who want to establish orchards for
banana, pineapple, papaya, mango, avocado or other citrus trees. Participants
must be able to match their grant award with an equal amount of cash, or a
combination of cash and in-kind contributions, such as labor or materials.

The grants will come from what remains of a $163,000 U.S. Department of
Agriculture Specialty Crop Block Grant that the department received in 2009,
Petersen said. The department already has put part of that money toward 400
fruit trees and 2,000 pineapple plants established on farms across the
territory. An additional 2,000 pineapple plants recently were put into the
ground using other funds, he said.

Initiatives such as this newest grant opportunity are part of Petersen's plan to
increase sustainable agriculture throughout the territory. Sustainable food
production, he said, happens on farms that take care of the environment, have
positive economic impacts and treat their workers and consumers well.

Making and preserving more food right here -- instead of importing it from-off
island producers -- also should improve the territory's food security, Petersen
said. Having food security means the territory's people will be nourished even
if a citrus freeze strikes Florida farmers, or if a natural disaster prevents
container ships from entering our harbors, he said.

The department made sure to get the Virgin Fresh Beekeeping Project rolling
before offering the new orchard grants, Petersen said. Across the territory,
more than 100 budding beekeepers already have received education, equipment and
marketing help through the program.

"Think about the synergy," Petersen said. "The more fruit-bearing trees we have,
the more pollinators we need."

On Wednesday, Petersen sat in his St. Thomas office in Dorothea, surrounded by
his colorful collection of miniature farm equipment. As he put the finishing
touches on his press release about this latest grant program, Peterson picked up
the phone and reached out to farmers he thought might be up to the challenge of
cultivating a specialty crop.

One of them was Barry, who Petersen called a "shining star" of the beekeeping
project.

"I know what I'm looking for," Petersen said. "I don't want sloppiness; I want
seriousness."

The deadline to apply for one of the grants is July 15. Applicants can learn
more at the department's website, www.vifresh.com. The request for grant
proposals can be found by clicking on "forms and documents," scrolling down to
the "marketing" header and selecting the third item on the list.

For more information or help with the application process, call Assistant
Commissioner Luther Renee at 778-0997 ext. 222 or send an email to
luther.renee@doa.vi.gov

- Contact reporter Karen Hollish at 774-8772 ext. 304 or email
khollish@dailynews.vi

To see more of The Virgin Islands Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.virginislandsdailynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Virgin
Islands Daily News, St. Thomas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110708-1VI-Ag-department-offers-grants
-for-specialty-crops-0708-20110708

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VI


                  Copyright 2011 The Virgin Islands Daily News


                              701 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            June 28, 2006 Wednesday

Group slams port security for shortfalls;
Report finds majority of post-9/11 funding has yet to be distributed, economic
impact of a terrorist strike still a threat

BYLINE: John Simerman, CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 884 words


The nation's seaports remain vulnerable to attack and a lack of coordination
among agencies could worsen the economic aftermath of a terrorist attack, a
leading policy group says.

Inadequate federal funding and staffing has slowed or stalled a raft of security
initiatives that lawmakers scurried to create after the threat to the nation's
361 ports came into focus following the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, according to
the study by the Public Policy Institute of California.

The federal push for better port security has also failed to recognize the
importance of minimizing the economic impact of a terrorist strike.

"The only reason terrorists would attack a port is the impact on the economy,"
said Jon Haveman, co-editor of the report. "But if you can reduce the economic
damage, the less likely they are to attack."

The report adds to a growing chorus of criticism over the federal response to
the threat of nuclear, radiological, biological or chemical weapons being
smuggled inside one of the millions of containers that flow into U.S. ports each
year. About five percent of them are opened and inspected.

According to U.S. Coast Guard estimates, it would take about $7.3 billion over a
decade for the ports to meet the demands of the maritime security law passed in
2002. So far, a little more than $700 million has been awarded in five rounds of
port security grants.

The Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security last year found
that almost 80 percent of the grant money wasn't being spent. Some projects that
received funding appeared to have little security benefit, the office reported.

A follow-up report this year found improvement, but also said "it is not clear
that (Homeland Security) knows how much actual risk reduction has been
achieved."

California's largest seaports, in Los Angeles, Long Beach and Oakland -- three
of the nation's four busiest -- have received just 19 percent of federal port
security grant funds, though they handle 40 percent of all containers coming
through U.S. ports, the PPIC study found.

The Port of Oakland, the fourth busiest, has received a little more than $11
million. It has a backlog of $89 million in unfunded security projects, said
Mike O'Brien, head of security for the port.

"We've gotten a pretty good chunk of change," said O'Brien. "We still need
more."

The federal agency this year moved to a "risk-based" formula designed to grant
homeland security money based more on the threat than politics.

That helps bigger ports such as Los Angeles, Long Beach and Oakland, but may
leave smaller ones more vulnerable, said Susan Monteverde, vice president of
government relations for the American Association of Port Authorities. It
represents 86 large public ports.

"Because of limited money, they only focused on the big guys," Monteverde said.
"But they are all international borders. We don't want to have a soft
underbelly."

The Bush administration has placed more than 1,200 radiation detectors in the
nation's ports, and ports have used federal grant money to physically secure
their entries. Customs officials inspect and board ships at dozens of foreign
ports, and the government has a "trusted shipper" program that allows it to
focus on high-risk ships.

But a plan for background checks and identification cards for millions of port
and transportation workers is far behind schedule.

Experts say physically inspecting every container would bring commerce to a
crawl. Instead, the checks on most containers rely on documentation that can be
manipulated or falsified. That makes a focus on response vital, said Jon
Haveman, co-editor of the report.

An attack on the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach could cost as much as $45
billion to the economy, the report estimates. "That's really an upper bound,"
said Haveman. "But there are a lot of things that ... can mitigate the damage."

Haveman said the federal port security program has largely ignored critical
funding and planning to quickly recover from a port attack that can not be
prevented.

One obstacle is a lack of a clear line of authority for emergency response. In
areas such as Los Angeles, as many as 15 different agencies may have
jurisdiction, the study found.

O'Brien, security chief at the Port of Oakland, said local, state and federal
agencies work together on drills and exercises, and that the FBI has been
designated as the lead agency if the port is attacked.

"We're talking about what-ifs and sorting out those jurisdictional issues," said
O'Brien.

A House bill authored by two Californians would dedicate $400 million a year to
the port security grant program and require the Department of Homeland Security
to develop specific policies and strategies for reopening ports after an attack.

One of the House members said Congress' lack of focus on recovery could lead to
other ports being shut down as a precaution.

"A lot of what we did after 9/11 was to think of how we stop another attack,"
said Rep. Dan Lungren, R-Gold River. "We're significantly less vulnerable today
than we were five years ago, but nowhere near where we need to be. ... We can't
ignore the possibility there could be a successful terrorist attack."

The money would come from customs fees on shippers. The bill cleared the House
on a 421 to 2 vote in May. A similar bill is being held up in the Senate.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   York Press

                              June 1, 2010 Tuesday

John Yeomans and Janet Cochrane set up Ride Yorkshire

BYLINE: Julie Hayes

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS (P BUSINESS NEWS)

LENGTH: 349 words


TWO horse lovers with strong links to the tourism industry are promoting
Yorkshire's equestrian scene in an attempt to boost tourism and rural
diversification.

John Yeomans, chairman of Visit York , and Janet Cochrane, of the International
Centre for Responsible Tourism at Leeds Metropolitan University, have set up
organisation Ride Yorkshire to promote the sport and associated businesses in
Yorkshire.

Janet Cochrane said the organisation was seeking funding to do research into the
economic impact of leisure horse riding in Yorkshire and was also advising
equestrian businesses on how to benefit from increased riding activity.

"There's so much that we can do," she said. "Equestrian tourism is something
that's on the increase. The number of riders and horses is increasing and
Yorkshire is the ideal place to ride."

The organisation plans to promote riding in Yorkshire outside the region and
urban areas within Yorkshire through initiatives like Try a Ride days.

The organisation has already started to help businesses by writing a letter of
support for a farm bed and breakfast, which is trying to get a grant from the
rural development programme to build stables so it can offer bed and breakfast
for horse riders. It has also helped an entrepreneur interested in setting up a
horse holidays business to get advice from Business Link and to identify nearby
trails.

Other ideas include promoting qualifications for lead riders so qualified riders
can take groups out on routes in the local area to earn a living.

Janet said the horse holiday market was big in Yorkshire with a recent event
attracting 55 horse owners and their families from as far afield as Essex and
Warwickshire. The guests contributed to the local economy by camping at a local
farm and visiting the local pub.

"From informal market research I did speaking to these people, I found that if
they are happy to drive their horses to Yorkshire as long as they know they have
the services they need once they get here," said Janet.

Janet and John came up with the idea when they bumped into each other riding on
the North York Moors.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            January 12, 2014 Sunday

Business incubator has new metrics;
Entrepreneurs Center to move tenants through pipeline quicker;
CLOSER LOOK FOCUS ON BUSINESS

BYLINE: By Dave Larsen

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 958 words


Simon Curran (left), president of Noxgear, and Tom Walters, Noxgear CEO, update
a group of entrepreneurs about their business at The Entrepreneurs Center in
Dayton. The pair took part in a free mentoring program last June in which they
vetted their ideas with a group of business leaders.

The Dayton region's technology business incubator was awarded $450,000 in state
funds for 2014, but an independent evaluation found weaknesses in The
Entrepreneurs Center's operations that must be addressed before the next funding
round, state offi cials said.

The Entrepreneurs Center at 714 E. Monument Ave. in Dayton provides business
coaching and facilities for early stage technology startups. Launched in 2000,
the center's total economic impact over the past fi ve years has been $48
million in revenue and 170 jobs with an average salary close to $65,000,
according to Ohio Third Frontier documents obtained by the Dayton Daily News.

The Third Frontier, a $2.3 billion initiative that oversees much of Ohio's
technology-based economic development eff orts, took over the state's Edison
Technology Incubator Program in 2013. The shift includes new performance goals
and funding metrics geared toward graduating more startups from the incubators,
offi cials said.

Barbara Hayde, president of the Entrepreneurs Center, said she has "no argument"
with the evaluation or the new direction of the state's incubator program. "We
will certainly adjust in any way that we have to in order to comply with the new
rules and regulations that went into eff ect on Jan. 1," she said.

The Third Frontier Incubation Program is intended to develop Ohio technology
startups into self-sustaining, job-creating members of state business
communities. The program is funded to award up to $8 million in grants to eight
to 14 applicants. For 2014, 11 incubators were selected from 15 applicants for
state funding totaling $4.9 million.

The Entrepreneurs Center was awarded $250,000 in operating funds and $200,000 in
technology tenant awards.

The center's total annual program budget is $700,000, according to state
documents.

"Our commitment to providing them dollars in this next round is an affirmation
that we believe they are meeting the needs of the community," said Norm Chagnon,
deputy chief of the Office of Technology Investments at the Ohio Development
Services Agency. "Certainly, they can improve on the ability to do that, but
they are doing what is needed to address what they need to do in terms of the
region and the Dayton community."

The Entrepreneurs Center is in a 35,000-square-foot facility at Dayton's Tech
Town business park and has three full-time staff members. Currently, the
facility is 98 percent occupied, with 17 tenants, Hayde said.

An independent evaluation by Urban Venture Group, a Columbus-based consulting
firm, praised the Entrepreneurs Center's track record with early stage
businesses. The report also lauded the center's Advance to Profit tool, which
monitors startup companies' progress and closely aligns with the Third
Frontier's technology commercialization framework.

However, the report said the center "lacks deep technical expertise or
facilities" for highly technical startups or later-stage incubator tenants. In
addition, the center received a "poor" rating for its technology tenant pipeline
because of long tenant incubation times, and a lack of clarity and direction in
its pipeline plan.

"Average length of incubation is long, almost 60 months, partially the result of
the lack of intense technology-focused coaching and support," the report said.

Hayde said incubation is a "long-term process," and many of the center's most
successful companies didn't reach a point of success until after five or more
years.

Center graduates include Peerless Technologies, which now has more than 300
employees and its own facility in Fairborn; Gracar Corp., which grew to 75
employees and $11 million in annual revenue before being sold in 2006 to
MacAulay-Brown; and iNET Interactive, which now has about 50 employees and its
own facility in West Chester.

Chagnon said long tenant incubation time is a "general concern across all of the
incubators" that state officials wanted to address as a system. The Third
Frontier wants to see the companies progress and move as quickly as possible
from their ideas to the marketplace, he said.

"We will definitely have a plan to move people through the system quicker,"
Hayde said.

Despite its lack of in-house technical experts, the center draws on a number of
regional technology-based resources, including the University of Dayton Research
Institute, Wright State University and Sinclair Community College's Advanced
Integrated Manufacturing Center, Chagnon said.

Hayde said many of the center's entrepreneurs are scientists and engineers who
have strong technology backgrounds. What they lack is the business training and
experience to turn their ideas into a viable, sustainable company, she said.

"They are smart enough to know that in order for (their idea) to have value it
has to be in the hands of someone who can commercialize it for them," Hayde
said.

The Entrepreneur Center's tenant pipeline is the most critical issue to address
before evaluations for funding in 2015 and beyond, Chagnon said.

In response, the center will host a free public event on Feb. 22 for people who
are thinking about starting a business. The 2014 Entrepreneurs Open will offer
guidance, consultation, information and expert-led presentations. The event also
will feature a "Shark Tank"-like competition called "Fund My Idea," in which
selected companies will pitch their concept to investors.

More information is available online at theentrepreneursop en.org.

"The whole idea here is to fill everybody's pipeline," Hayde said.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              704 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 20, 2015 Saturday

Educational groups to study aerospace center;
Clark State part of training effort to fill new jobs.

BYLINE: By Eileen McClory

SECTION: ; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 352 words


Greene County educational institutions and businesses will use a $50,000 grant
to study whether a proposed stand-alone educational and training aerospace
center would be feasible in Greene County.

Greene County Career Center, Clark State Community College, Wright State
University and Beavercreek City Schools plan to partner for the project, said
David De-skins, superintendent of Greene County Career Center, the study's
leading partner. The Aerospace Professional Development Center and businesses
including Peerless Technologies and The Greentree Group will also join the
initiative.

Deskins said the proposed aerospace center could provide training for jobs at
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and surrounding aviation-related businesses that
could have nearly $2 billion in economic impact on the region. The center would
serve both high school students and adults.

Citing the Ohio Means Jobs website and a Wright-Patt study, Deskins said a
number of jobs are about to open up as people retire. With the potential of so
many new jobs coming to the area, Deskins said it was important to make sure
everyone had the training they needed to be successful.

"The job of this academy is to prepare the region for those jobs," he said.

The first part of the study would be a feasibility study, Deskins added.

"It's a first-step effort to make sure we make it as a research-based decision,"
Deskins said.

Instruction could include aerospace and materials engineering, logistics,
aviation maintenance, information technology, intelligence and security, said
Ron Bo-lender, public information administrator of the Greene County Career
Center. The curriculum would be developed by educational institutions, such as
the Greene County Career Center, Wright State and Clark State, alongside
advisory committees consisting of industry experts from around the region and
across the U.S., Bolender said.

Clark State provost and vice president of academic affairs Amit Singh said the
aerospace and aviation industry plays a pivotal role in Greene County's economy.
The new aerospace center would provide training for new jobs opening up.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              705 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Chronicle (Australia)

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

FESTIVAL LIGHTING UP CANBERRA More to comedian than show

BYLINE: James Hall

SECTION: A; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 384  words


Comedian and Canberra Comedy Festival organiser, David Graham, is hard at work
accomplishing the opposite of what the title of his show - Mediocre Man -
suggests.

Between his full-time employment in Information Technology and his preparation
for his "terrifying" first solo performance at the festival, Graham has worked
tirelessly to organise the fourth instalment of the event.

"I do a lot of the marketing, venue organising, staffing, advertising and I book
some of the acts. The fun stuff," he says.

Graham said the continual progression of the festival and support from the local
community was significant, particularly when considering the economic impact
other festivals of its kind have had across Australia.

"Festivals can change towns," he said. "When you look at places like Adelaide
with its Fringe Festival and Melbourne with its comedy festival, you can see
just how much they can transform the local scene and entertainment."

"People used to say there's nothing to do in Canberra but that is all changing."

The #CBR initiative has contributed to the growth of the local entertainment
industry and supports a number of popular events associated with Enlighten
Canberra.

"Canberra in March goes crazy with all these events and it has definitely been
nice to finally see some cool things happening here."

Graham's own show hilariously reflects on his own mediocrity in an hour of
self-deprecation.

"The idea of the show is that my kids think I'm the bee's knees, but throughout
the show I prove otherwise," he laughs. "My wife actually came up with the
name."

Of the star-studded festival lineup, Graham suggests his personal favourite is
international comedians, Irishman David O'Doherty and American Rich Hall, but
stresses the real festival atmosphere is created by audiences finding local and
lesser known performers.

"Tony Bradford and Grant Follet's show is very good and aimed at the older
audiences. Tony has a British nostalgic style and Grant combines well with more
of an aussie style," he said.

"But Tom Gibson has been the best local comedian for almost a decade and his
show is selling fast," said Graham. "He's the comedian everyone in Canberra
aspires to be like."

+Grab tickets to Mediocre Man showing from 7pm on Saturday at Novotel Canberra.
Tickets $20 available at canberraticketing.com.au

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CH


       Copyright 2016 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday

Grundfos bets big on solar pumping solutions

LENGTH: 339 words

DATELINE: KOCHI


KOCHI, June 15 -- Providing clean drinking water through solar pumping solutions
for rural villages has made a huge socio-economic impact, changing lives of the
villages especially women and young girls, according to a top Grundfos Pumps
India official.

Grundfos India Managing Director N K Ranganath said, the company, which sees an
organic growth of 10 per cent every year, invests about 5 per cent of its
turnover into research and development projects.

"We have installed solar pumps in Odisha, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar
Pradesh. The initiative has helped the localities to cut down their time spent
on collecting clean water and focus on other productive activities."

Solar pumps contribute 8 per cent of the total sales of the company. The company
has installed 17,500 solar pumps in the country since 2009.

"The cost of a solar pump is slightly higher than conventional pumps. The price
of traditional pump is Rs 45,000 to supply water to a few households whereas the
solar variant costs Rs 65,000. But the farmer needs to spend 10-20 per cent of
the total amount as the rest is available as subsidy from the government," said
Ranganath.

Also there is no maintenance cost involved in solar pumps that can be operated 6
to 7 hours, he said.

In Chennai, the company runs an assembling plant of water pumps. The components
for water pumps in this plant are imported. The company has sold 43,144 pumps
altogether in India in 2015, out of which agriculture contributes 55 per cent,
commercial is 23-24 per cent and the rest is domestic pumps.

Grundfos Holdings in Denmark is one of the world's leading pump manufacturers
with an annual production of more than 16 million pump units. Its wholly-owned
India arm was established in 1998 in Chennai. It is responsible for sales of
products in India, Bangladesh, Bhutan and Maldives.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Reporter (Milwaukee, WI)

                           February 13, 2007 Tuesday

Greater Milwaukee Committee backs commuter rail line

BYLINE: Joe Grundle

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 662  words


The Greater Milwaukee Committee touted last year's accomplishments and announced
its plans for 2007 at its annual meeting, held Monday at the University Club
downtown.

First and foremost on the GMC's plate is to push for the advancement of the
Kenosha-Racine-Milwaukee commuter rail line. This year, the GMC will complete an
economic impact study on the KRM, submit a new starts grant for federal funding
and work with the Regional Transit Authority in charge of developing the
project.

"There is not doubt that commuter rail is gaining speed and is closer to a real
transit option for this region," said GMC outgoing chairman Steven Smith, CEO of
Journal Communications Inc.

The GMC will also continue its mission to strengthen the regional economy and
attract and retain businesses through Milwaukee 7, a regional economic
development partnership among the seven counties of Southeastern Wisconsin, by
developing an implementation strategy for the regional economic employment plans
and implementing a study on national and local perceptions of the Milwaukee
region.

In public health, the GMC will launch the Well City Initiative to get Milwaukee
registered as a Well City by the Wellness Councils of America. The GMC's 2006
Well City application was one of only three nationally to be accepted by the
WCA.

The GMC will recognize six inner-city businesses at the Inner City Growth Awards
on March 12 and try to ensure that at least three businesses located in
Milwaukee's inner city make Inc Magazine's Inner City 100 list.

Milwaukee 7

In education, the GMC's goal is to develop a strategic plan with Milwaukee
Public Schools to improve the state of the schools as well as complete a second
phase of fund raising for the project, which last year collected more than
$300,000.

The coming year will also see the completion of construction of athletic fields
at Bradley Tech High School.

"The projects we work on are longer-term than a year or two years, so these
goals are the next things we need to do," said Julia Taylor, president of GMC.
"It's keeping everybody at the table and building consensus, which always takes
a little more time but it's the way you get the bigger issues accomplished. "

The most notable accomplishment of the GMC in 2006 was helping create Milwaukee
7, which launched a regional business attracting Web site,
www.ChooseMilwaukee.com, opened a resource center at We Energies to serve
prospective businesses and drafted the initiative's first regional legislative
agenda, which includes supporting the Kenosha-Racine-Milwaukee commuter rail
line.

GMC also changed its leadership at the meeting, as Steve Smith's two-year term
as chairman ended and Northwestern Mutual CEO Ed Zore took the reigns.

"We have a lot of momentum going when you take a look at what's on the agenda
for the GMC," said Zore. "We have a lot of things on our plate, and execution is
going to be a key. The whole Milwaukee 7 thing is not done. This is a painting
that is still in the process of being developed. "

The church's role

Guest speaker Roman Catholic Archbishop of Milwaukee Timothy Dolan said the
church is interested in playing a larger role in solving the area's woes, such
as violence, crime, drugs, guns, racism, unemployment, housing, struggling
schools, poverty, homelessness and broken families, and hopes GMC members will
support its efforts.

"The litany of woes is updated daily," Dolan said, "and the church wants to be a
part of finding answers. "

Dolan said the church would serve the city in four ways - restoring spirit in
people, strengthening what it already does in terms of job placement, operating
soup kitchens, expanding and improving Catholic schools, and increasing its
ministry and outreach in prisons.

"Many civic programs treat the symptoms, but our schools treat the causes," he
said. "We will launch a capital campaign throughout the archdiocese precisely to
strengthen our schools, which are a proven antibiotic to the poisons that
infects our society. "

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Corporate earnings

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

3-day Policy Dialogue on Language begins

LENGTH: 885  words


A three-day Policy Dialogue on Language began at Higher Education Commission
(HEC) Secretariat here on Tuesday. The event is being jointly organized by the
Department of Humanities and Social Sciences, Air University and HEC. Zaffar
Nasrullah, Additional Secretary, Capital Administration and Development Division
(CADD) was chief guest in the opening ceremony. Dr. Arshad Ali, Executive
Director HEC, Dr. Zaffar Qureshi, Senior Dean, Air University and Dr. Wasima
Shahzad, Dean, Faculty of Social Sciences, Air University were also present.
Addressing the conference, Zafar Nasrullah said that discussing a language is
always a sensitive issue as it involves sentiments, culture and ethnicity. He
said the world nations, whether Germans, French, Bengalis, or Hindus, have their
own languages and they promote them in different manners.

He said that Urdu and English are common languages spoken in Pakistan and Urdu,
apart from being a vital language, is also an important element of national
integrity. Terming 'E-language' a new language in the modern world, he called
for adopting a pragmatic approach towards the linguistic development in the
country. He appreciated HEC and Air University for their initiative and
endeavours to preserve the national values.

Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Arshad Ali stressed the need for promoting use of
Urdu in general discussions, meetings, conferences and seminars to give it a
righteous status. He maintained that a practical approach is necessary to
implement any policy. "We need to act in by practical terms being mentally
convinced, emotionally attached and intentionally prepared to do what we think,"
he emphasized.

Referring to the Supreme Court order, he said that National Language Authority,
Federal Urdu University, provincial education departments and experts of
languages serving in language departments of different universities should also
be involved in the brainstorming process so as to benefit from their
experiences. He urged the participants to look into the international trends
pertaining to languages so that the young generation could keep pace with the
world.

Dr. Arshad held out assurance that HEC will extend cooperation in fulfillment of
research requirements and policy implementation to every move meant for
promotion of the national language. Mentioning HEC initiatives for promotion of
Social Sciences in the country, he said HEC Thematic Research Grant has also
been increased. "The grant has been increased to 300 million rupees and
promotion of languages has also a significant part in it," he informed.

In her opening remarks earlier, Dr. Wasima Shahzad said that language is a tool
to express one's identity and represent one's social and economic fabric, adding
that it builds emotions and creates art and literature. Shedding light on the
significance of national language, Urdu, she described various lingual
differences and lingual movements witnessed in Pakistan in the past years.

She also dilated different factors associated with languages considering them a
matter of 'shame or pride'. "No language is uncivilized, rather all languages
have their own beauty," she asserted. She said that it is a high time to
rediscover the nation and promote national language. She urged the conference
participants to raise issues pertaining to the topic during the three-day
activity, brainstorm problems and sort out solutions to them.

While elaborating the purpose of the conference, Dr. Zafarullah Qureshi said
that the Dialogue is a move that eyes change in the entire linguistic landscape.
He added that it aims at bringing linguists and experts together to contemplate
over the hurdles lying in execution of the Supreme Court order of implementing
Urdu as an official language.

He hoped that the policy guidelines finalized in the Dialogue will prove to be
helpful in devising a comprehensive national language policy to execute the SC
order. He vowed that the Air University will continue to support the Government
in implementing its policies.

Dr. Swathi M. Vanniarajan, Professor Psycholinguistics at San Jose State
University, California, USA was the keynote speaker. He highlighted the
importance of language policy for a nation. He said that language policy has
far-reaching social, educational and economic impacts.

He continued to say that language policy is inclusive and it gives identity to a
nation, helps increasing literacy rate, develops lingual uniformity, and
increases access to education. He added that many high achievers are bi or
trilingual, stressing the importance of knowing more than one language.

The first and second days of the conference are reserved for Focused Group
Sessions engaging national and international scholars from academia, media, law,
banking, aviation, governmental organizations and other institutions to provide
policy recommendations in respect of the status of English, Urdu and regional
languages in Pakistan. On the third day, recommendations and a detailed report
will be drafted.

This international conference is part of the 'Emerging Trends of Researching
Language, Linguistics and Literature' held by Air University last year in which
Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed, Chairman, HEC had proposed conducting of a dialogue with
respect to the status of English, Urdu and regional languages in Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Odessa American (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 16, 2013 Saturday

Permian Basin Coalition examines health of the Basin

BYLINE: Corey Paul, Odessa American, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1017 words


Nov. 16--The Permian Basin Coalition of regional leaders heard Friday about
state resources available to help with healthcare infrastructure problems
exacerbated by the oil boom.

Basin-wide, there has been a years-long struggle to find and keep medical
professionals. An influx of people moving to the Permian Basin has strained
medical providers, said James Beauchamp, the president of the Midland-Odessa
Transportation Alliance who organized the coalition earlier this year as a way
to collectively address West Texas problems and lobby for West Texas interests.
Friday at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center was coalition's the third
meeting.

Dr. Tedd Mitchell, TTUHSC's president, said the area faces a shortage of
healthcare providers and has limited clinical sites to train new ones. But the
university is expanding its Permian Basin medical programs, he said, including a
rural health initiative that stations senior medical students in rural
communities with the hope they will stay. Texas Tech in July will add two new
residency spots stationed in Alpine and Fort Stockton. Mitchell also touted the
university's economic impact on the region and training programs.

"It's a long-term deal," Beauchamp said. "But it's a long-term problem."

A second healthcare struggle plays out communities more rural than Midland and
Odessa. That is an increasing demand for EMS services in counties such as
Glasscock and Upton Counties, which officials with the Department of Health and
Human Services visited.

"I thought I understood rural EMS," said Joseph Schmider, the DHHS' state EMS
director. "I had no clue. This is really fronterian."

Glasscock, for example, has had about 80 medical calls this year, according to
Glasscock Emergency Coordinator Christie Dyer.

"The impact that the oil companies have had it that we are responding to them
over our own community," Dyer said.

Schider said the shortest-term solution to EMS challenges in rural West Texas is
a recruitment drive for EMS workers. He also encouraged participation in the
Midland-based RAC, or regional advisory council, for the area trauma system.
Executive Director Connie Thompson spoke about the groups' role helping to
coordinate services in disasters. But the group can also serve as a gateway to
state grant money, which officials outlined for rural members of the coalition.

The line-up of speakers also discussed roadways and intersections, oil
production and in a last minute change-up, water recycling instead of housing.
Here is a breakdown:

Oil and water

"Though we are frustrated with infrastructure right now, I think we would all
rather be here trying to solve those problems rather than moving backwards,"
said President Ben Shepperd of the Permian Basin Petroleum Association. Shepperd
cited forecasts of tremendous reserves in the the stacked production zones that
the Permian Basin has and other booming areas such as the Eagle Ford do not,
reporting that the oil boom could last decades.

"That means big challenges for the Permian Basin," Shepperd said. "I'm glad we
have an organization like this that's really starting to dig into some of
those."

The PBPA is supporting a study by a team of Texas Tech professors in Lubbock
that will attempt to capture the economic impact of the energy industry here.
That report, expect toward early 2014, could be useful in appealing for West
Texas interests to the legislature, Shepperd said.

Railroad Commissioner Christi Craddick elaborated on the outlook of energy
production and spoke about an information technology overhaul at her agency that
she said would create efficiencies for the agency and producers but also make it
easier for common users to follow.

Craddick touched on a milestone recently reached in the Permian Basin oil patch:
Horizontal drilling rigs eclipsed vertical rigs for the first time in recent
weeks. That represents efficiency, she said, expecting the rig count and overall
amount of permits to likely continue to drop even as production results
increase.

"The permits are not as important to us as the volume of oil that is coming
out," Craddick said.

One of the challenges Shepperd mentioned is water, and President John Tintera of
the Texas Water Recycling Association, described the relatively new technology
as growing and capable but not yet widely adopted.

Tintera said the largest oilfield waste is salt water that winds up in disposal
wells, and reusing that water could reduce the states "water debt" by up to 25
percent. Tintera said he planned to push for state incentives for producers who
use recycled water. He opposed mandates that some environmental groups have
called for.

TxDOT's #2

The Texas Department of Transportation's Deputy Executive Director and Chief
Engineer John Barton discussed the county road grant program and traffic lights
in rural communities.

About two-thirds of the states road system is more than 30 years old and the
agency lacks the resources it needs to keep up. But the legislature's approval
of $225 million in grant money for county roads might offer some relief for the
energy impacted areas in West Texas, Barton said. That is in addition to the
$225 million the legislature designated for upgrades to state roads in energy
impacted areas.

County judges will get letters informing them of their minimum allotment under
the program, Barton said. But he said that money could increase if some counties
choose not to apply -- the process requires county officials to conduct road
surveys and create county tax reinvestment zones, as well as supply matching
funds for projects (unless the county qualifies as "economically disadvantaged"
the matching fund amount is 20 percent).

So Barton said he encouraged county officials to over-request. Counties will
have discretion on what roads to fix, Barton said, even if they want to use the
money for a road that technically belongs to the state.

Contact Corey Paul on Twitter @OAcrime on Facebook at OA Corey Paul or call
432-333-7768.

___ (c)2013 the Odessa American (Odessa, Texas) Visit the Odessa American
(Odessa, Texas) at www.oaoa.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131116-OD-Permian-Basin-Coalition-examines-health-of-the-Basin-1116-20131116

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OD


                         Copyright 2013 Odessa American


                              710 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Item (Shamokin, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 22, 2011 Wednesday

Kawasaki visits area, shows support for proposed ATV park

BYLINE: Mark Gilger Jr., The News-Item, Shamokin, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 875 words


June 22--COAL TOWNSHIP -- Representatives from Kawasaki and 16 different OHV and
outdoor magazines came to the site of the proposed Anthracite Outdoor Adventure
Area (AOAA) on Tuesday in hopes of displaying the potential benefits for the
area.

"We're absolutely thrilled to have everyone here," said Kathy Jeremiah, project
coordinator for the AOAA who reached out to Kawasaki, a widely known
manufacturer of ATVs, motorcycles and utility vehicles. "The more people we get
exposed to all the potential benefits, the closer we could get to developing a
facility and revitalizing the area."

Another leading manufacturer in OHV equipment, Yamaha, showed interest in the
area's plans for a park earlier this month when it provided a $20,000 Yamaha
Off-Highway Vehicle Access Initiative Grant for trail development, mapping and
signage in the Anthracite Outdoor Adventure Area (AOAA).

Kawasaki media representative Jon Rall said that the area has a lot to offer.

"This area has the potential to be a big draw across the country," said Rall.
"It could help the whole community grow, and that's something they would be
proud of."

Kawasaki came to Coal Township to test the company's latest equipment and help
promote the idea of an OHV park by explaining the economic impact of having such
an attraction in the area.

"It's a win/win situation," said Rall. "Not only is it very important for you
and the community to have a place to go, but we also benefit by having a place
for our products."

Not only would the park provide the area with another place of employment, but
it would join a limited number of ATV parks in the country and would draw
manufacturers and tourists to the area.

Bruce Henden, of ATVconnection.com, also said that it's "win/win" situation for
the area due to his experience with other ATV parks across the U.S.

"We already see a bump in the local economy within the first year and half a
park is there," he said. "They're helping local communities a great deal and I
think that it will have the same result here."

Rall and the visiting magazine writers often compared the area to the
Hatfield-McCoy Regional Recreation Area of West Virginia, which instantly
boosted a poor local economy.

Some local businesses have already sampled what could be an addition to the
area's economy in the near future. During their week stay, Rall said that
Kawasaki will spend about $75,000 almost exclusively in local businesses for
lodging, food, and gas. Local catering was also provided by "Rollin in the
Dough" and desert was donated by Maurer's Dairy, Shamokin.

"Personally, I like seeing new places, and it gives us a way to leave money to
all the right places, the small businesses," said Rall.

Local Reception

Although Kawaski's arrival was generally kept quiet, there were a few locals
stopped by to see what was going on. Rall said that all the locals he talked to
were supportive, but he understands that there has been much debate in the
community about the possible park.

"I wish that the people against the development of a park would come and see all
of the potential here," said Rall. "It would be so sad to not see this happen."

A local OHV rider who grew up in Trevorton, Lance Schwartz is a member of the
AOAA steering committee.

"I understand the opposition, but it's something bigger than that," he said.
"With the economy the way it is, we have to make sacrifices. If it will
stimulate the economy and bring new businesses, why not build it? We have to
look at the bigger picture."

However, not everyone is on board with the idea.

Cliff Garner, a Coal Township resident, who has expressed his opposition to the
construction of an OHV park at monthly township meetings feels taxpayers should
at least have a say.

"It's a great idea, but the tax payer's expense is not worth it to me," he said.

Garner said he sees many OHVs go by his property on Bear Valley Road, and would
rather see the tax payers' money used for a school system that will cut teacher
salaries. He was also concerned that higher taxes would force low-income
residents to lose their properties.

"Why don't those companies invest their money here and run it as a business?" he
said. "I'm neither for or against the park, but in the end, it's the taxpayers
money. They should have a vote."

Not just OHVs

Plans for the AOAA aren't just limited to OHV enthusiasts either.

"It's very family orientated," said Rall. "It's a place for families to go
outside and do something."

Jeremiah said that plans will also include local equestrian teams, hiking
trails, and other outdoor activities. Hilary Dyer, an editor for White Tail
Journal Magazine in Birmingham, Ala., represented a hunter's perspective on the
possibility of a park.

"I'm really excited that the lands are going to be open to hunting," said Dyer,
a Lancaster County, Pa. native. "Pennsylvania is low on land for hunting. It is
a great draw to bring people in. People need a place for outdoor recreation."

To see more of The News-Item or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsitem.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The News-Item, Shamokin, Pa.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110622-IZ-Kawasaki-visits-area-shows-support-for-proposed-ATV-park-0622-201106
22

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IZ


                          Copyright 2011 The News-Item


                              711 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

U of M president voices support for Sen. Cohen's bill to advance the
University's mission

LENGTH: 676  words

DATELINE: Minneapolis


University of Minnesota has issued the following news release:

University of Minnesota President Eric Kaler today presented the U's biennial
budget request before the Senate Higher Education and Workforce Development
Committee and praised Sen. Richard Cohen's appropriations bill (Senate File
1195) to invest in the University.

"Senator Cohen's bill supports and enhances the University's partnership with
the state to benefit our students, their families, Minnesotans' health and the
state's economic vibrancy, from the urban core to our rural towns," Kaler said.
"It will help us to educate Minnesota's increasingly diverse population from
every community, especially students who show the greatest promise."

Cohen's bill includes $65.2 million for research investment, $25.5 million for
the Healthy Minnesota initiative and $30 million to invest in the medical
school.

"These substantial investments will allow the University of Minnesota to keep
tuition affordable and advance the University's mission to provide outstanding
educational opportunities," Cohen said. "Providing for higher education is an
overdue investment in the future of Minnesota. This funding comes at a critical
time for the U and shows a strong commitment that to expand important research
conducted by the school, and the world-class medical professionals who have
agreed to promote this mission."

The University is requesting an increase of $148.2 million for four priority
areas over the next two years, with $65.2 million for tuition affordability as
Kaler's top priority. The investment would allow the U to hold the line on
tuition for Minnesota undergraduate, graduate and professional
students--approximately 53,000 students across all five campuses.

The three additional areas of the U's budget request include:

o $55.5 million for Healthy Minnesota and the Medical School, to strengthen
health care delivery in the state, address workforce shortages and strengthen U
research to address the most pressing health care needs. The initiative would
also expand education and training programs in dentistry, mental health and
geriatrics--particularly in Greater Minnesota and underserved communities. The
medical school investment includes Gov. Dayton's plan to help recruit and hire
50 top tenure track faculty medical researchers over the next eight years,
creating medical discovery teams. The plan would also help secure new research
grants from funding agencies.
o $15 million for the Facility Condition Improvement Strategy, which creates a
more predictable funding stream to maintain the U's 29 million square feet of
infrastructure. In exchange for this general fund allocation, the U would
decrease its Higher Education Asset Preservation and Restoration (HEAPR) capital
request.
o $12.5 million for Vibrant Communities, to improve the environmental health and
safety impacts of mining and examine related economic development opportunities,
and promote economic prosperity in Minnesota communities.

Land O' Lakes, Inc. President and CEO Chris Policinski also testified before the
committee, backing Cohen's proposed investments and reinforcing the value of the
University.

"The University of Minnesota is an important asset that brings value to the
state's overall business community," Policinski said. "In my view, the
University -- with its scientists, its researchers its business school expertise
and its students -- is the state's single-most important driving force for an
innovation culture, an entrepreneurial spirit and a job creation ecosystem."

Kaler reminded the committee that the University created 67 startup companies
over the last eight years, generating jobs and positive economic impact. The
total includes a record 15 startup companies in 2014 alone.

If fully funded ($704.6 million) by 2017, the U of M's request would get the
institution back to slightly above the level the state provided in 2008 ($684.4
million), without adjusting for inflation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

U of M president voices support for Sen. Cohen's bill to advance the
University's mission

LENGTH: 676  words

DATELINE: Minneapolis


University of Minnesota has issued the following news release:

University of Minnesota President Eric Kaler today presented the U's biennial
budget request before the Senate Higher Education and Workforce Development
Committee and praised Sen. Richard Cohen's appropriations bill (Senate File
1195) to invest in the University.

"Senator Cohen's bill supports and enhances the University's partnership with
the state to benefit our students, their families, Minnesotans' health and the
state's economic vibrancy, from the urban core to our rural towns," Kaler said.
"It will help us to educate Minnesota's increasingly diverse population from
every community, especially students who show the greatest promise."

Cohen's bill includes $65.2 million for research investment, $25.5 million for
the Healthy Minnesota initiative and $30 million to invest in the medical
school.

"These substantial investments will allow the University of Minnesota to keep
tuition affordable and advance the University's mission to provide outstanding
educational opportunities," Cohen said. "Providing for higher education is an
overdue investment in the future of Minnesota. This funding comes at a critical
time for the U and shows a strong commitment that to expand important research
conducted by the school, and the world-class medical professionals who have
agreed to promote this mission."

The University is requesting an increase of $148.2 million for four priority
areas over the next two years, with $65.2 million for tuition affordability as
Kaler's top priority. The investment would allow the U to hold the line on
tuition for Minnesota undergraduate, graduate and professional
students--approximately 53,000 students across all five campuses.

The three additional areas of the U's budget request include:

o $55.5 million for Healthy Minnesota and the Medical School, to strengthen
health care delivery in the state, address workforce shortages and strengthen U
research to address the most pressing health care needs. The initiative would
also expand education and training programs in dentistry, mental health and
geriatrics--particularly in Greater Minnesota and underserved communities. The
medical school investment includes Gov. Dayton's plan to help recruit and hire
50 top tenure track faculty medical researchers over the next eight years,
creating medical discovery teams. The plan would also help secure new research
grants from funding agencies.
o $15 million for the Facility Condition Improvement Strategy, which creates a
more predictable funding stream to maintain the U's 29 million square feet of
infrastructure. In exchange for this general fund allocation, the U would
decrease its Higher Education Asset Preservation and Restoration (HEAPR) capital
request.
o $12.5 million for Vibrant Communities, to improve the environmental health and
safety impacts of mining and examine related economic development opportunities,
and promote economic prosperity in Minnesota communities.

Land O' Lakes, Inc. President and CEO Chris Policinski also testified before the
committee, backing Cohen's proposed investments and reinforcing the value of the
University.

"The University of Minnesota is an important asset that brings value to the
state's overall business community," Policinski said. "In my view, the
University -- with its scientists, its researchers its business school expertise
and its students -- is the state's single-most important driving force for an
innovation culture, an entrepreneurial spirit and a job creation ecosystem."

Kaler reminded the committee that the University created 67 startup companies
over the last eight years, generating jobs and positive economic impact. The
total includes a record 15 startup companies in 2014 alone.

If fully funded ($704.6 million) by 2017, the U of M's request would get the
institution back to slightly above the level the state provided in 2008 ($684.4
million), without adjusting for inflation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

Minnesota: U of M president voices support for Sen. Cohen's bill to advance the
University's mission

LENGTH: 676  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


University of Minnesota has issued the following news release:

University of Minnesota President Eric Kaler today presented the U's biennial
budget request before the Senate Higher Education and Workforce Development
Committee and praised Sen. Richard Cohen's appropriations bill (Senate File
1195) to invest in the University.

"Senator Cohen's bill supports and enhances the University's partnership with
the state to benefit our students, their families, Minnesotans' health and the
state's economic vibrancy, from the urban core to our rural towns," Kaler said.
"It will help us to educate Minnesota's increasingly diverse population from
every community, especially students who show the greatest promise."

Cohen's bill includes $65.2 million for research investment, $25.5 million for
the Healthy Minnesota initiative and $30 million to invest in the medical
school.

"These substantial investments will allow the University of Minnesota to keep
tuition affordable and advance the University's mission to provide outstanding
educational opportunities," Cohen said. "Providing for higher education is an
overdue investment in the future of Minnesota. This funding comes at a critical
time for the U and shows a strong commitment that to expand important research
conducted by the school, and the world-class medical professionals who have
agreed to promote this mission."

The University is requesting an increase of $148.2 million for four priority
areas over the next two years, with $65.2 million for tuition affordability as
Kaler's top priority. The investment would allow the U to hold the line on
tuition for Minnesota undergraduate, graduate and professional
students--approximately 53,000 students across all five campuses.

The three additional areas of the U's budget request include:

o $55.5 million for Healthy Minnesota and the Medical School, to strengthen
health care delivery in the state, address workforce shortages and strengthen U
research to address the most pressing health care needs. The initiative would
also expand education and training programs in dentistry, mental health and
geriatrics--particularly in Greater Minnesota and underserved communities. The
medical school investment includes Gov. Dayton's plan to help recruit and hire
50 top tenure track faculty medical researchers over the next eight years,
creating medical discovery teams. The plan would also help secure new research
grants from funding agencies.
o $15 million for the Facility Condition Improvement Strategy, which creates a
more predictable funding stream to maintain the U's 29 million square feet of
infrastructure. In exchange for this general fund allocation, the U would
decrease its Higher Education Asset Preservation and Restoration (HEAPR) capital
request.
o $12.5 million for Vibrant Communities, to improve the environmental health and
safety impacts of mining and examine related economic development opportunities,
and promote economic prosperity in Minnesota communities.

Land O' Lakes, Inc. President and CEO Chris Policinski also testified before the
committee, backing Cohen's proposed investments and reinforcing the value of the
University.

"The University of Minnesota is an important asset that brings value to the
state's overall business community," Policinski said. "In my view, the
University -- with its scientists, its researchers its business school expertise
and its students -- is the state's single-most important driving force for an
innovation culture, an entrepreneurial spirit and a job creation ecosystem."

Kaler reminded the committee that the University created 67 startup companies
over the last eight years, generating jobs and positive economic impact. The
total includes a record 15 startup companies in 2014 alone.

If fully funded ($704.6 million) by 2017, the U of M's request would get the
institution back to slightly above the level the state provided in 2008 ($684.4
million), without adjusting for inflation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Times (Kittanning, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 1, 2009 Thursday

ACMH, county study feasibility of wellness center

BYLINE: Mitch Fryer, The Leader-Times, Kittanning, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 662 words


Oct. 1--ACMH Hospital and Armstrong County government have partnered to study
the feasibility of adding a wellness center to the county's Belmont Complex in
East Franklin.

The Belmont multipurpose center currently provides recreational opportunities
for the community including an outdoor public swimming pool, indoor ice rink and
community room.

The study is funded by a $150,000 grant to the hospital, secured by state Sen.
Don White, R-Indiana, in the 2007-08 fiscal year, through the Department of
Public Welfare.

The hospital contracted Tripp Umbach, a Pittsburgh consulting firm specializing
in economic impact studies for health care organizations, to do the Belmont
study.

"It's still in the preliminary stage," Dianne Emminger, ACMH Hospital vice
president of information services and facilitator for the wellness center
initiative, said of the study.

Emminger said the idea for a wellness center started with the HEALTHY (Healthy
Eating and Active Lifestyles Together Helping You) Armstrong program which has
as its partners ACMH Hospital, ACMH Foundation, Armstrong School District,
Children's Community Pediatrics-Armstrong, Armstrong County government and UPMC
Health Plan. The goal of HEALTHY Armstrong is to improve the health of families
and to help children maintain a healthy weight through improved nutrition and
increased physical activity.

The hospital talked to the county commissioners about the potential for a
wellness center at the Belmont, and the county, hospital and Armstrong County
YMCA joined to study it.

"The county was having a problem with using the Belmont year-round," Emminger
said.

Emminger said the YMCA initially was interested in moving to the Belmont but Y
officials have decided not do so. YMCA officials said recently that they are
planning for a new building.

The YMCA opted out of the Belmont plans, and the county and hospital are still
considering a wellness center, Emminger said.

"The Y's decision set us back a little bit," she said.

There is already a preliminary design for a wellness center at the Belmont. It
includes a building with a second level above an indoor pool, according to
Emminger.

The design shows the proposed building site's location where the outdoor pool is
now and has no provision for an outdoor pool in the plans.

"Together with the county, we will determine if and what can be put there,"
Emminger said. "There is still a lot of work to decide what services can be
offered there."

"The goal is accessibility and affordability to the community," she added. "Our
involvement is of medically-based procedures, such as addressing weight loss.
From the hospital's perspective there might be doctor's offices and education
space."

Emminger said the next step is to form a nonprofit corporation.

Armstrong County Commissioner Patty Kirkpatrick said the wellness center idea
came from the county's comprehensive plan's recreational plan done by Pashek
Associates of Pittsburgh.

"It said the Belmont is a good recreational asset," said Kirkpatrick. "A key
recommendation from the study was to utilize the Belmont Complex to its fullest
potential to meet the recreational needs of county residents."

"We know that's what we need to do," added Kirkpatrick. "The county wants the
Belmont to be self-sufficient. The county is interested too in a facility that
helps the public with its wellness. This study is to find out if there is a way
to do that, that's what we need to know before taking any other steps."

Mitch Fryer can be reached at mfryer@tribweb.com or 724-543-1303, ext. 1342.

To see more of The Leader-Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/leadertimes/. Copyright (c) 2009, The
Leader-Times, Kittanning, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091001-KT-ACMH-county-study-feasibility-of-wellness-center-1001

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KT


                        Copyright 2009 The Leader-Times


                              715 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 25, 2010 Thursday

Colleges seek answers on foreign enrolment;
Current tuition fees fall short of paying for extra buildings and classes needed
to meet McGuinty's goal of adding 18,000 students

BYLINE: ELIZABETH CHURCH

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; ONTARIO BUDGET; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 727 words


EDUCATION REPORTER

Ontario's colleges and universities are looking to today's provincial budget for
answers on how they will make room for thousands more foreign students, saying
current tuition levels are not enough to pay for new buildings and extra
classes.

Premier Dalton McGuinty has plans to increase foreign enrolment by 50 per cent,
or about 18,000 students, over five years, and has cast the ambitious new policy
as a way to build the economy and bring needed revenue to the postsecondary
system. The province "could use the funds this generates to help expand our
schools for our kids," he told a Toronto audience days before making the
initiative a centrepiece of the Throne Speech. The speech also pledged to add
20,000 new spots on college and university campuses to respond to rising local
demand.

As they wait for details in this week's budget, campus leaders say foreign
tuition fees currently do not generate enough money to pay for campus expansion.

"By and large, I can tell you they are not money-making," said Bonnie Patterson,
president of the Council of Ontario Universities and the former leader of Trent
University in Peterborough.

It is important to distinguish between economic impact for the province and
extra money for individual universities, she said. She also noted that any move
to increase foreign fees might only drive students to other provinces or
countries.

Schools in Ontario are free to set their own fees for foreign students and can
keep any extra money those fees generate. Foreign tuition fees tend to be more
than double the level charged to local students, depending on the program. But
schools do not receive provincial grants for foreign students, which narrows the
gap between total money collected for Canadians and students from abroad.

How lucrative foreign students are to a campus also is affected by their course
of study and whether there are empty spaces to fill. Foreign students enrolled
in graduate programs usually come with a cost, since most get university funding
- such as scholarships or graduate teaching posts - as part of their recruitment
offer.

"A lot will depend on where these students go," said Glen Jones, an associate
dean at the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education and a co-editor of a new
book on globalization at Canadian campuses.

Enrolment demand in the Toronto area is expected to increase dramatically in the
coming decade, but schools in other parts of the province are struggling to
maintain student numbers. "If this is a strategy to rebalance enrolment, there
is a certain logic to that. If it creates more pressure on GTA institutions, and
displaces local students, that is not in anybody's interest," he said.

At Ryerson University, where demand for undergraduate spots has increased by
double digits in recent years, president Sheldon Levy said increasing foreign
enrolment is the right thing to do, but can't happen at the expense of local
students. "I am looking forward to working with the province to know how we can
do this while accommodating the pressures of the GTA," he said.

At colleges, already coping with swelling enrolments thanks to the troubled job
market, making space for more students also presents a challenge. "If we see a
surge in domestic demand, I don't think there is any question there will be a
demand for capital expansion," said Linda Franklin, president of Colleges
Ontario. "Our assumption is that if the government is making such a major
investment in foreign students, they understand the funding commitments that
will be necessary."

Others stressed that increasing foreign enrolment cannot be driven by dollars
alone. The University of Waterloo aims to double foreign undergraduates to 20
per cent by 2017 to improve the experience of all students, president David
Johnston said. Adding more foreign students, he said, "is a net benefit to the
university and Ontario."

A recent study for the federal government estimated that foreign students spent
about $6.5-billion on tuition, accommodation and other expenses in 2008, a
figure widely quoted to support increasing enrolment.

Ontario's Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities uses figures from this
federal study to support its plans, noting that long-term international students
contribute an estimated $1.6-billion to the province's gross domestic product .

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 25, 2010 Thursday

Colleges seek answers on foreign enrolment;
Current tuition fees fall short of paying for extra buildings and classes needed
to meet McGuinty's goal of adding 18,000 students

BYLINE: ELIZABETH CHURCH

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; ONTARIO BUDGET; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 727 words


EDUCATION REPORTER

Ontario's colleges and universities are looking to today's provincial budget for
answers on how they will make room for thousands more foreign students, saying
current tuition levels are not enough to pay for new buildings and extra
classes.

Premier Dalton McGuinty has plans to increase foreign enrolment by 50 per cent,
or about 18,000 students, over five years, and has cast the ambitious new policy
as a way to build the economy and bring needed revenue to the postsecondary
system. The province "could use the funds this generates to help expand our
schools for our kids," he told a Toronto audience days before making the
initiative a centrepiece of the Throne Speech. The speech also pledged to add
20,000 new spots on college and university campuses to respond to rising local
demand.

As they wait for details in this week's budget, campus leaders say foreign
tuition fees currently do not generate enough money to pay for campus expansion.

"By and large, I can tell you they are not money-making," said Bonnie Patterson,
president of the Council of Ontario Universities and the former leader of Trent
University in Peterborough.

It is important to distinguish between economic impact for the province and
extra money for individual universities, she said. She also noted that any move
to increase foreign fees might only drive students to other provinces or
countries.

Schools in Ontario are free to set their own fees for foreign students and can
keep any extra money those fees generate. Foreign tuition fees tend to be more
than double the level charged to local students, depending on the program. But
schools do not receive provincial grants for foreign students, which narrows the
gap between total money collected for Canadians and students from abroad.

How lucrative foreign students are to a campus also is affected by their course
of study and whether there are empty spaces to fill. Foreign students enrolled
in graduate programs usually come with a cost, since most get university funding
- such as scholarships or graduate teaching posts - as part of their recruitment
offer.

"A lot will depend on where these students go," said Glen Jones, an associate
dean at the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education and a co-editor of a new
book on globalization at Canadian campuses.

Enrolment demand in the Toronto area is expected to increase dramatically in the
coming decade, but schools in other parts of the province are struggling to
maintain student numbers. "If this is a strategy to rebalance enrolment, there
is a certain logic to that. If it creates more pressure on GTA institutions, and
displaces local students, that is not in anybody's interest," he said.

At Ryerson University, where demand for undergraduate spots has increased by
double digits in recent years, president Sheldon Levy said increasing foreign
enrolment is the right thing to do, but can't happen at the expense of local
students. "I am looking forward to working with the province to know how we can
do this while accommodating the pressures of the GTA," he said.

At colleges, already coping with swelling enrolments thanks to the troubled job
market, making space for more students also presents a challenge. "If we see a
surge in domestic demand, I don't think there is any question there will be a
demand for capital expansion," said Linda Franklin, president of Colleges
Ontario. "Our assumption is that if the government is making such a major
investment in foreign students, they understand the funding commitments that
will be necessary."

Others stressed that increasing foreign enrolment cannot be driven by dollars
alone. The University of Waterloo aims to double foreign undergraduates to 20
per cent by 2017 to improve the experience of all students, president David
Johnston said. Adding more foreign students, he said, "is a net benefit to the
university and Ontario."

A recent study for the federal government estimated that foreign students spent
about $6.5-billion on tuition, accommodation and other expenses in 2008, a
figure widely quoted to support increasing enrolment.

Ontario's Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities uses figures from this
federal study to support its plans, noting that long-term international students
contribute an estimated $1.6-billion to the province's gross domestic product .

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2016 Thursday

HWS have Significant Impact on NY Economy

LENGTH: 568  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York: Hobart and William Smith Collegee has issued the following news
release:



 Independent institutions of higher education had a nearly $80 billion impact on
the state's economy, according to a recent economic analysis released by The
Commission on Independent Colleges and Universities (CICU) -- and HWS's
contribution to that total was considerable.





 Using data from the Center for Governmental Research (CGR) in Rochester, the
report determined HWS' total economic impact to be slightly more than $269
million, increasing by about $25 million since 2013. This includes direct
spending by Hobart and William Smith, construction and labor costs, and
estimated student and visitor impact.



 Breaking the numbers down is a vital exercise that helps the Colleges and both
local and regional officials to understand the role that HWS plays in Geneva and
beyond. The report showed that higher education was a significant economic
driver in New York State in 2015.



 "We look very carefully at the information that CICU releases each year," says
President Mark D. Gearan. "Our continued strength as an institution is tied to
the health of our region. We value our role in helping to ensure the economic
well-being of Geneva and the Finger Lakes region."



 The total economic impact numbers, according to the CICU website, are
determined by weighing three areas of spending: institutional impact, academic
medical centers and student and visitor spending.



 Institutional impact includes funding spent on research, construction, salaries
and spillover spending. At HWS, this amount included $14 million used primarily
for the completion of the Gearan Center for the Performing Arts, a
state-of-the-art facility that greatly enhances the Colleges' role in local and
regional advancement of arts and culture.



 Salaries were also a major part of HWS' impact, totaling more than $102
million. These salaries represent money that often remains in the region, spent
on goods and services or general living expenses.



 HWS' impact on the region through student and visitor spending was responsible
for more than $21 million in benefits to the tourism-rich Finger Lakes region,
according to the report. This number includes discretionary spending at
restaurants, hotels and retailers by students, as well as their visiting friends
and family.



 Institutions like Hobart and William Smith play a major role in ensuring a
thriving economy in their locales. "Private, not-for-profit colleges and
universities are one of New York's strongest economic engines and are a strong
and committed partner of the state," says Laura L. Anglin, CICU's president.



 The City of Geneva has received state-wide and national attention for its
revitalization and communitywide efforts. The City recently received a $10
million investment through the Finger Lakes Regional Economic Development
Council. The grant is part of a $100 million Downtown Revitalization Initiative
launched by Governor Andrew Cuomo to encourage development in 10 communities
across the state. In 2015, for its inclusive, innovative and ongoing efforts to
influence positive, communitywide change, Geneva was named a 2015 All-America
City, a highly-selective honor awarded annually by the National Civic League to
only 10 cities across the country.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                              June 16, 2014 Monday
                              Correction Appended
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

INVESTING IN CANCER RESEARCH

BYLINE: TIA MITCHELL

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 717 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: With $300 million, Florida facilities can build programs and gain
national recognition.


Between Florida's size and its senior population, cancer treatment is needed
here more than in most other states. Yet Florida has only one facility with the
prestigious National Cancer Institute designation: Tampa's Moffitt Cancer
Center.

According to the American Cancer Society, Florida ranks second in the nation in
cancer incidence and mortality, but 15th in NCI grant funding.

That could change under a proposal backed by Gov. Rick Scott and approved by the
Legislature to spend $300 million over the next five years helping cancer
centers at the University of Miami and University of Florida get NCI's stamp of
approval. Moffitt will get the largest share of the money to help it grow and
improve.

"There's unfortunately so much cancer in the state that even if we wanted to, we
couldn't take care of everybody," Moffitt director and executive vice president
Thomas Sellers said.

NCI, a division of the National Institutes of Health, gives varying designations
to 68 cancer centers that pass a rigorous evaluation process. The title isn't
just an honor - with it comes special access to grants and clinical trials.

New York has six NCI centers and Texas has four. California leads the pack at
10. Even North Carolina, with half the population of Florida, has three.

Backers of the bill, which awaits Scott's signature, want Miami's Sylvester
Comprehensive Cancer Center and the UF Health Cancer Center to join 41 others,
including Moffitt, at the highest NCI designation, "comprehensive cancer
centers."

Proponents say that there is one comprehensive NCI center for every 7 or 8
million Americans. Florida, with nearly 20 million residents, should by that
calculation have three centers with the resources and tools to tackle the
toughest forms of cancer.

"We must continue to work to ensure that Florida families have access to
world-class treatment without having to leave our state," Scott said in a
statement Friday. He is expected to hold a public event shortly to celebrate one
of his priorities becoming law.

As Scott, a former hospital executive, seeks re-election, cancer funding has
become one of his go-to topics. In 2013, he promoted a state Cancer Centers of
Excellence program to identify top-level centers and give them priority for
state-based research funding. That initiative attracted criticism by those who
wondered what patients would make of the state imprimatur. Five centers have
applied, but no designation has yet been awarded.

The Legislature also allocatedan extra $10 million last year for Sylvester,
Moffitt and UF to recruit top researchers to their cancer centers.

Because of the programs established last year, Senate President Don Gaetz was
initially wary of the new NCI program and its $60 million price tag. Although he
supported the idea, he preferred giving the 2013 initiatives time to take hold.

Gaetz is traveling out of the country and could not be reached for comment.

Moffitt will receive the largest share of the initial $60 million, about $26
million. It will use the money to hire more researchers, particularly in the
field of immunology, harnessing the immune system to help patients fight cancer.

Moffitt also gets other types of state funding. Its total of about $54 million
in 2014-15 is a huge jump from the $32 million it received last year. Other
state dollars help pay for construction projects, research and education
programs.

The UF center stands to receive about $18 million to start its five-year effort
to gain NCI recognition. Because of its Proton Therapy Institute in Jacksonville
and partnership with Orlando Health, UF believes it can make a strong case for
how NCI designation would benefit a large swath of Florida.

Miami's Sylvester, which will get $16 million from the new state program, was
once an NCI-designated center but failed reaccreditation standards. Its leaders
think they can regain the title in three years.

A study commissioned by the University of Miami determined that ripple effects
from an NCI designation would create a $1.7 billion economic impact by the year
2020.

"This city is booming, the population is increasing, the level of sophistication
is increasing and we need to be here for the people of South Florida," Sylvester
director Stephen Nimer said.

Tia Mitchell can be reached at tmitchell@tampabay.com or (850) 224-7263.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 20, 2014



CORRECTION: CLARIFICATION: The Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville since 2002 has been a
National Cancer Institute-designated cancer center as part of the Mayo Clinic
Comprehensive Cancer Center in Minnesota, Florida and Arizona. However, the
Jacksonville center is not part of a $300 million state plan approved this year
to raise the national standing of Florida's cancer centers, the subject of a
Times article Monday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                            March 2, 2011 Wednesday

Khalifa Fund to drive Emiratisation

BYLINE: Samir Salama?Associate Editor ?and Zaher Bitar?Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 1339 words


Initiative aims to enhance private sector's appeal to UAE nationals

Dubai The Khalifa Fund for Emiratisation Empowerment is the best national
initiative for empowering Emiratisation in the private sector, according to
Ahmad Humaid Al Tayer, head of the Human Resources Development Committee of the
financial and banking sector.

Helping Emiratis gain a foothold in the private sector has become a national
imperative for everyone with the launch of the Khalifa Fund, other officials and
academics said.

The fund offers subsidies to private companies to encourage them to hire and
keep Emirati employees, who will also receive increments to bring their wages on
par with scales offered in the public sector.

Al Tayer told Gulf News: "It is one of the best initiatives to enable
Emiratisation and will eliminate the weak excuses for not hiring Emiratis in the
private sector."

Built-in privileges

He added that privileges envisaged by the initiative would create better job
opportunities for Emiratis in the labour market and also encourage them to
remain in the labour market.

"This initiative will grant Emiratis a peaceful, professional and social
settlement, and stability," Al Tayer said.

The new initiative aims to provide financial resources necessary to support
programmes and policies to encourage UAE nationals to enter the private labour
sector.

Al Tayer called on both employers and Emirati jobseekers to derive maximum
benefit from the scheme. "The financial resources offered by this initiative
would be sufficient incentive for Emiratis to follow training programmes that
enable them to stand competent in the labour market."

He said he is expecting a remarkable increase in the number of Emiratis seeking
employment as the door is now open for Emiratis in all job sectors.

Al Tayer expressed the hope that employers would respond positively to the
initiative since the obstacle they faced in terms of payment to national
employees had been addressed.

Hani Al Hamli, secretary-general of the Dubai Economic Council (DEC), said the
fund would energise the absorption of Emiratis in the private sector.

He said the new initiative would help raise the employment rate of nationals
across various economic sectors. "That would reduce the labour market
imbalance," he added.

Dr Abdul Rahman Al Awar, director general of the Federal Authority for
Government Human Resources, said the fund is an excellent initiative that
matches the Marriage Fund and the Zayed Housing Programme in terms of its social
and economic impact.

"With the fund allowing private companies to match the salaries offered by the
public sector, these companies have no excuses and must take the initiative to
lure Emirati staff," Dr Al Awar said, stressing that closing the wage gap
between the public and private sectors removed a major barrier that kept
Emiratis from looking beyond government jobs.

Unemployment rate

The UAE's unemployment rate stood at 4.2 per cent in 2009, government statistics
show.

However, Sultan Bin Saeed Al Mansouri, Minister of Economy, has said this level
was still too high for comfort, taking particular note of the tendency of
Emirati professionals to be "picky" and constantly be on the lookout for better
prospects. A report released by the National Statistics Bureau showed the
majority of the unemployed are fresh graduates under the age of 25.

Al Hamli also indicated that DEC has already studied the main socio-economic
issues in the UAE, particularly national employment in the private sector. The
studies recommend that there is a pressing need to tackle this issue through
appropriate regulations that encourage Emiratis to work in private entities and,
on the other hand, to get private companies themselves to employ nationals,
particularly university graduates.

"Obviously, the new initiative will bridge the wage gap between the public and
private sectors which is regarded so far [as] one of the main challenges facing
the labour market in the sense that the national employment rate in the private
sector is still too low," Al Hamli added. "This issue has been dominating the
local labour market for decades, leading to larger population and employment
imbalances and their inverse implications on the social and cultural scenes."

Dr Abdul Rahim Al Shaheen, professor of political science at the UAE University,
said doing away with Emiratisation quotas and offering subsidies instead to help
private companies hire, train and retain Emirati staff is an excellent step.

Visa system revamp

"However, a central authority must be tasked with issuing work visas so that no
visa is issued unless there is no suitable Emirati candidate to fill the job.
Existing foreign workforce should also be made available, before more visas are
issued," Dr Al Shaheen said.

Dr Al Shaheen said the Khalifa Fund for Emiratisation Empowerment should receive
support from federal and local entities as well as private companies.

He suggested that a share of service fees collected by immigration and labour
departments should be allocated to the fund, which is expected to start its
operation as soon as possible under the supervision of the National Human
Resources Development and Employment Authority (Tanmia).

Fidda Lootah, acting director general of Tanmia, said 12,000 Emirati job seekers
are registered with the authority.

MEGAN HIRONS MAHON/Gulf News

Ready workforce

A bank customer speaks with a customer service representative. Studies by the
Dubai Economic Council show there is a pressing need for new regulations that
encourage Emiratis to work in the private sector and, on the other hand, to get
private companies to employ nationals, particularly university graduates.

Sidebar

Saqr Gobash Saeed Gobash, Minister of Labour, in a statement said Khalifa Fund
for Emiratisation Empowerment, which embodies a strategic partnership between
the private and public sectors, will strengthen the Emirati workforce in the
private sector and help build the knowledge-based economy.

The Fund will use its financial resources to advance policies and programmes
aimed at creating new jobs at the local and federal levels, supporting and
financing small and medium scale enterprises, and financing university
specialisations that cater for requirements of the local labour market.

It will act as a key contributing mechanism to leverage participation of
citizens and develop the social welfare concept into a new one that enables able
social assistance recipients to become a productive force contributing to the
growth of the national economy. It will also serve as a mechanism for
facilitating success of Emiratisation policy and programmes and increasing the
share of small size businesses owned by UAE citizens in a way the generates more
job opportunities.

WAM

Four quotes

Saqr Gobash Saeed Gobash, Minister of Labour, "It [the fund] will also serve as
a mechanism for facilitating success of Emiratisation policy and programmes and
increasing the share of small size businesses owned by UAE citizens in a way the
generates more job opportunities."

Ahmad Humaid Al Tayer, Head of Human Resources Development Committee of the
Financial and Banking sector, "The privileges of the Fund would ease and create
better job opportunities for Emiratis in the labour market as well as
encouraging them to be in the labour market. This initiative will grant Emiratis
a peaceful professional and social settlement and stability."

Hani Al Hamli, Secretary-General of Dubai Economic Council (DEC), "Obviously,
the new initiative will bridge the wage gap between the public and private
sector which is regarded so far one of the main challenges facing the labour
market in the sense that the national employment rate in the private sector is
still too low."

Dr Abdul Rahim Al Shaheen, professor of political science at the UAE University,
".. a central authority must be tasked with issuing work visas so that no visa
is issued unless there is no suitable Emirati candidate to fill the job.
Existing foreign workforce should also be made available, before more visas are
issued."

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2011 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                      November 14, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Entergy Companies Invest More than $1 Million to Develop Louisiana Workforce

LENGTH: 772  words


Nov. 14 -- To help meet the workforce needs of Louisiana's rapid economic
growth, Entergy's Louisiana companies announced today an investment of more than
$1 million in shareholder dollars to support local workforce development
training programs. The announcement is part of a $5 million, five-year
initiative providing more job training opportunities in growing communities
across Entergy's four-state utility service area.

The contributions by Entergy Louisiana, LLC and Entergy New Orleans, Inc. will
boost six Louisiana workforce development programs that educate, train and
prepare local residents for a variety of careers. Through its economic
development activities, Entergy has helped create more than 23,000 new jobs in
Louisiana since 2005.

Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards was on hand for the grants announcement and said
public-private partnerships are the key to ensuring future success of all
Louisianans.

"Entergy's investment in the development of Louisiana's workforce speaks volumes
about the value this company places in our state and in our people," said Gov.
Edwards. "The combination of a skilled workforce and good paying jobs will
ensure a vibrant future for Louisiana. Louisianans simply want the opportunity
to succeed. This support provides a path forward for so many families, and I am
grateful to Entergy for leading the way and making this investment right here in
Louisiana."

Recipients of the grant monies are Louisiana Economic Development, Operation
Spark, Delgado Community College, the Louisiana Construction Education
Foundation, Jobs for America's Graduates of Louisiana and the Orleans Re-Entry
Court.

"These programs provide the services needed to raise the wealth of our citizens
by giving them the skills they need to secure good-paying jobs," said Phillip
May, Entergy Louisiana president and CEO. "This is an exciting time for the
state. We are seeing significant industrial growth and expansion, which is
providing even more opportunities for our workforce."

Charles Rice, Entergy New Orleans president and CEO, said Entergy is dedicated
to partnering with these organizations, so that individuals and industries alike
will benefit.

"New Orleans is booming," Rice said. "And that's why we've devised a citywide
strategy to drive economic growth and support efforts to create jobs and
increase local revenue. By ensuring our workers are well trained and ready for
these jobs, we'll see a huge economic impact on local families and on our
community."

Of the workforce development grant dollars, $500,000 will go to Louisiana
Economic Development to fund manufacturing certifications through the state's
Fast Start and Jump Start programs. The training will equip adults and high
school students for entry-level advanced manufacturing jobs. Entergy's grant
also will allow LED to further engage industry, educators, civic leaders,
businesses and community organizations to identify workforce opportunities and
skill gaps and develop training to fill those needs.

Operation Spark will receive $169,000 to fund its Software Design and
Engineering Immersion Course. The course is a three-month program that provides
students with intensive instruction to prepare them for software engineering
jobs that have annual starting salaries ranging from $60,000 to $85,000.

Both the Louisiana Construction Education Foundation and Delgado Community
College will benefit from $100,000 each for scholarships, support and training
of students who are seeking certifications in construction, healthcare and
technology.

Jobs for America's Graduates of Louisiana will receive $75,000 to provide
additional education support services and employment training to ensure at-risk
youth graduate with the skills needed for success in career or college.

Finally, the Orleans Re-Entry Court will get $75,000 to provide case management
and a revolving loan fund for those who are working to rejoin the workforce and
become productive members of the community. The revolving loan fund will help
re-entrants establish or improve their credit history and provide them with
affordable financial services.

"Education is the key to economic success," both May and Rice said. "We believe
our investment will support programs that will help students make informed
decisions about their future education and get them ready for career
opportunities."

Entergy Louisiana provides electric service to more than 1 million customers and
natural gas service to nearly 93,000 customers in the greater Baton Rouge area.
With operations in southern, central and northeastern Louisiana, the company is
a subsidiary of Entergy Corporation.

Source: Entergy

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2017 Saturday

[#x20ac]29 million research grant to assess risk posed by deadly lung infections

LENGTH: 602  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



 Experts have received [#x20ac]29 million (£24m) to investigate serious lung
infections that particularly affect babies and older people.





 Diseases caused by respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) are estimated to affect
more than 30 million children under five each year throughout the world.



 The virus also affects older people and those with weakened immune systems,
including cancer patients and people with chronic lung diseases such as
emphysema.



 There are no specific treatments for RSV and there is no vaccine. Current
therapies are focused on alleviating the symptoms of the infection.



 Led by Professor Harish Nair at the University of Edinburgh, the RSV Consortium
in Europe (RESCEU) - aims to make a fundamental difference to the understanding
and management of RSV.



 International teams will work to assess the full scale of the problem in
Europe, which is currently unknown.



 Investigators from 18 universities, public health institutes and pharmaceutical
companies will gather robust statistics on the number of RSV cases across Europe
each year.



 Researchers will also assess the economic impact of the disease and the burden
it places on healthcare systems.



 Armed with this information, the group will put together best practice
guidelines to improve the way RSV-associated disease is monitored across Europe
and to advise future vaccination programmes.



 The consortium aims to ensure that future decisions on RSV prevention and
treatment policies can be based on good evidence and made without undue delay.



 The group also aims to set up a framework to conduct Europe-wide trials of new
medicines and vaccines to improve treatment - and even prevention - of the
disease.



 They will collect and analyse patient samples to identify biological markers
associated with severe RSV infections. Such markers could help to improve
diagnosis and assessment of the severity of disease. They could also aid the
development of treatments and vaccines.



 Funding has been received from the Innovative Medicines Initiative 2 Joint
Undertaking under grant agreement number 116019. This Joint Undertaking receives
support from the European Union's Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme
and EFPIA.



 RESCEU was born out of an existing research collaboration called the
Respiratory Syncytial Virus Network (ReSViNET) which aims to improve
understanding of this virus, and to develop safe and effective preventive
treatment and prevention strategies.



 RSV infection causes breathing difficulties and wheezing and can lead to severe
respiratory illnesses such as bronchiolitis or pneumonia.



 The virus can be the most common single reason for children being admitted to
hospital over the winter months. In older adults, the infections may cause as
many severe illnesses, hospitalisations and deaths as influenza.



 Project co-ordinator Professor Harish Nair, of the University of Edinburgh's
Usher Institute, said: "We are at an opportune time to step up efforts to
prevent RSV infection in children and elderly populations. With more than 65
candidate vaccines in clinical development, it is likely that an RSV vaccine
will be available in the next five to seven years. Moreover, a range of
treatments for RSV are also being developed. Our findings will provide better
evidence to understand how these interventions should be best introduced, not
only in Europe but also the rest of the world."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                            October 31, 2006 Tuesday

School to switch to wind turbines

BYLINE:  Ian Wishart

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 458 words


A city primary school is to produce its own electricity if it is given the
go-ahead to install a wind turbine on its grounds.

Coleman Primary School, in Spinney Hills, has asked for planning permission to
put up a 15-metre high mast on its playing fields in a bid to reduce energy
costs and teach children about the environment.

The turbine would cost about £27,000 - much of which would come from grants -
and save the school between £500 and £1,000 a year in electricity bills.

David Thompson, the teacher leading the project at the school, said: "This is
not just about saving money, but also about the educational benefits in terms of
the spin-offs in science and numeracy lessons.

"Our environmental group, of nine to 11-year-olds, identified a range of things
they wanted to do and we decided to investigate the possibility of generating
electricity to reduce carbon emissions."

The turbine, the height of about three double-decker buses, is planned for land
on the school's playing fields, close to its fence bordering Crown Hills
Community College.

Head teacher Nigel Bruen added: "We are hearing about the economic impact of
global warming but if the need to look after the environment is not inculcated
early on in life, where are people going to get it from?

"As well as helping the environment, we hope this mast will become a curriculum
resource."

Pending permission being granted, the school hopes the mast will be put up in
the spring.

Coleman would be the second school in Leicester to install a turbine after Eyres
Monsell Primary put one up two years ago.

Head teacher of that school, Sally Morrison, said it saved the school about £500
in electricity bills.

She said: "There were questions raised by the community in terms of whether it
would be an eyesore, whether it would kill birds and whether it would be noisy,
but none of these have been proved true, all it does is make a whooshing noise.

"I would campaign for all new schools to have wind turbines.

"We didn't do it to save money but to teach the next generation about what's
happening to the planet and for the message it gives out to the local
community."

Over the next few weeks, people will be given the opportunity to comment on the
plan before it is voted on by members of Leicester City Council's planning
committee.

Hussein Suleman, Leicester's education spokesman, said it was up to individual
schools to decide whether they wanted a mast.

He said: "I'm very pleased Coleman Primary is taking this initiative. It's a
very, very good thing and all part of teaching children to be aware of and
responsible for the environment.

"We do encourage schools to be environmentally-friendly and offer them advice,
and many of the best initiatives come out of individual schools like this."

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2014 Friday

World Water Day 2014: AfDB's support to avoid waste and allow for the reuse of
water

LENGTH: 834  words

DATELINE: Abidjan


African Development Bank Group has issued the following press release:

the African Development Bank celebrates the link between water and energy - the
role water plays in generating electricity and the role of energy in the
development of the continent.

African countries face many challenges in their quest to improve the welfare of
their populations, one of which is the lack of access to affordable and reliable
energy.

The African continent has the lowest electrification rate of all regions. It is
estimated that only 43 per cent of the population has access to electricity,
compared with 77 per cent in the developing world. In Sub-Saharan Africa the
ratio is much lower, at 32 per cent and only 18 per cent in rural areas.
Moreover, even when modern energy is available, it is expensive and unreliable.
The lack of access to modern energy services severely impedes social and
economic development, undermines competitiveness and access to regional and
global markets for African producers. It is critical and urgent to address the
continent's energy needs in order to unlock its development potential.

Africa is endowed with important energy resources, including important
exploitable hydropower capacity, yet only about eight per cent of its hydropower
potential has been harnessed. Hydropower has many advantages: it is readily
available and produces cleaner electricity than other traditional resources such
as coal and oil; it is also highly versatile and can be used to meet national
electricity grid requirements, rural electrification and industrial power needs.
Eastern, southern, central and parts of western Africa have many permanent
rivers providing excellent opportunities for hydropower development.

The African Development Bank has financed several hydropower projects such as
the Regional Rusumo Falls Hydropower Project, which provides energy to Tanzania,
Rwanda and Burundi; and the Inga hydropower plant on the Congo River, in the
Democratic Republic of Congo. The Bank has also invested in clean energy in the
Comoros Energy Sector Support Project and spearheaded a pioneering energy
project to bring electricity to Côte d'Ivoire, Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea
which involves various feasibility studies on hydropower plants

The African Water Facility, a multilateral fund administered by the African
Development Bank, supports the optimization of energy production, especially via
multi-purpose dams projects, which allow for the reuse of water so that none is
wasted and every drop is used to bring multiple benefits. Multi-purpose dams
help reuse water to increase water, energy and food security, and to spur
economic growth, they are also an excellent way to build resilience to climate
change. Such projects are especially important in rural areas, which are home to
the most underserved communities.

Some examples of AWF multi-purpose dam projects include:

Development of the Songwe River Basin, Malawi & Tanzania

The AWF is supporting the Governments of Tanzania and Malawi through a
[#x20ac]4-million grant for the development of the Songwe River Basin. The
project should lead to the construction of multi-purpose dams with a hydropower
component for the production of 340 MW. Other benefits include improving
irrigation capacity for agriculture, stabilization of the river, controlling
floods, fisheries development, and improved access to water supply. The project
is expected to benefit the entire basin population.

Development of Baro-Akobo-Sobat, Nile Basin

The AWF is providing support to the Eastern Nile Technical Regional Office
(ENTRO), the technical arm of the Nile Basin Initiative, through a
[#x20ac]2-million grant for a development study that will support investments
into the Baro-Akobo-Sobat development program. The region holds tremendous
potential for the cooperative development of water resources, if enhanced,
promises significant socio-economic impacts that can reduce poverty. The
multi-purpose water resources projects envisaged under the overarching BAS
program include: water supply and sanitation, hydropower development,
irrigation, flood control, drought management, navigation, fisheries, watershed
management and tourism.

Reoptimization and reoperation study of the Akosombo, Kpong dams, Ghana

The AWF has assisted the Water Resources Commission (WRC) of Ghana through a
[#x20ac]1.8-million grant to finance the reoptimization and reoperation study of
the Akosombo and Kpong dams. The purpose of the project is to investigate the
technical and economic feasibility of a technique for reoptimizing the
operations of the Akosombo and Kpong hydropower dams. The study will pave the
way for a pioneering initiative: the dams will be the first to reintroduce
seasonal flooding while enhancing electricity output and reliability. Bringing
seasonal flooding back to the communities living alongside the river will
rebuild fisheries, agricultural production, wetland ecosystems and recover lost
livelihoods in the region.

For more information please visit: http://www.afdb.org/

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 999 DOCUMENTS


              Grayson County News Gazette (Leitchfield, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 24, 2015 Saturday

Beshear talks Grayson Co. investments

BYLINE: Matt Lasley, Grayson County News-Gazette, Leitchfield, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 989 words


Oct. 24--As his time in office nears its end, Governor Steve Beshear has
announced the investments he and his administration have made in Kentucky
communities, including Grayson County.

"When I took office as governor in 2007, Kentuckians had lost faith in their
government and a global recession was taking away jobs, homes, and health care,"
Beshear said in a recent news release. "Today, thanks to our partnership with a
lot of people, including the citizens and officials of Grayson County,
Kentucky's economy is setting records, and our families are again getting high
return on the money and trust they invest in their leaders."

In Grayson County, Beshear said, he and his administration have invested $43
million in transportation projects, $40 million in economics, and $1.4 million
in agriculture.

Kentucky's unemployment rate has recently been holding steady at 5.2 percent,
down from nearly 11 percent at the height of the recession, and, in Grayson
County, the unemployment rate stands at 6.1 percent, according to the release.

"Through our ongoing partnership with local officials in Grayson County, we have
been able to make numerous critical investments to improve the quality of life
in this community," Beshear said.

According to the news release from Beshear's office, the Governor's investments
in Grayson County include:

Agricultural Development: The Kentucky Agricultural Development Board, chaired
by Beshear, has invested $1.4 million in Grayson County over the last eight
years in an array of projects and on-farm improvement programs focused on
creating markets for agricultural products and helping increase net farm income.

Economic Development: Since January 2008, Grayson County has announced 12 new
and expansion projects, which are projected to create 542 jobs and $40.3 million
in new investment.

Education: Beshear, in partnership with the Governor's Office of Early
Childhood, has awarded Grayson County's Community Early Childhood Council
$53,072 to promote school readiness for children. The governor also awarded the
community $5,800 as part of a $1.4 million expansion of United Way Born Learning
Academies across the state. These academies engage families to foster early
learning at home.

Workforce: Grayson County is a certified Work Ready Community in Progress. The
county is working to meet the full criteria of Work Ready Community status,
which assures employers that the local workforce has the talent and skills
necessary to staff existing jobs and to master the innovative technologies new
jobs will require.

Transportation: Beshear has partnered with the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet
to authorize over $43 million since Dec. 10, 2007 for activities in Grayson
County, including road construction, highway safety initiatives, resurfacing,
and other transportation projects.

Major road projects include:

--Wendell H. Ford Western Kentucky Parkway rehabilitation and overlays, which
were completed in various stages from 2008-2014. The cost of the project was
$16.79 million.

--U.S. 62 widening to three lanes through Clarkson. It is currently in the
design phase. $1.1 million have been invested in the project to date.

--KY 88 bridge replacement at Bear Creek, which was completed in 2013 and cost
$740,000.

Community Development: Beshear's administration partnered with the Department
for Local Governments to authorize $562,000 in state and federal investments
since January 2008 for activities in Grayson County.

Safety: Grayson County has received over $161,000 in funding through the State
Homeland Security Grant Program (SHGP) and/or the Law Enforcement Protection
Program (LEPP). The SHGP funds a variety of devices including communication,
first responder, physical, and cyber security equipment. LEPP funds body armor,
Tasers, and duty weapons.

Energy and Environment: $10,000 in total grants have been awarded as funding for
farm energy efficiency and renewable energy projects.

Health care coverage: Beshear has sought to provide access to comprehensive,
quality, affordable health care coverage to more Kentuckians, including Grayson
County residents, through Kentucky's health benefit exchange, kynect.

--In Grayson County, prior to Medicaid expansion, the uninsured rate was 19
percent; now, it is 4.6 percent--a 75.7 percent reduction. Besides consumers,
Kentucky's medical providers, such as hospitals, pharmacies, and primary care
physicians, have had the most noticeable, immediate positive impact of Medicaid
expansion through the influx of new dollars, according to the release.

--Since 2014, new Medicaid expansion payments to Grayson County providers
totaled more than $11.4 million. Since 2014, total payments to Twin Lakes
Regional Medical Center, excluding Disproportionate Share Hospital payments,
totaled more than $4.5 million, the release states.

Tourism: The economic impact from tourism in Kentucky has increased by more than
$2.2 billion and 13,000 jobs statewide over the last five years. Grayson County
is also seeing an increase in tourism, as its 2014 tourism economic impact was
$27.8 million, a 15 percent increase from the previous year. The county's 2014
tourism employment was the equivalent of 609 jobs.

"Over the last eight years, I've worked under the guiding principle that
government should work for its people," Beshear said. "[First Lady Jane Beshear]
and I have been honored to be a part of Kentucky's growth the last eight years,
and we look forward to seeing Kentucky progress for generations to come. Thank
you for allowing me to serve as your Governor."

On Election Day (Tuesday, Nov. 3), Kentuckians will elect their new governor.
The candidates are Republican Matt Bevin, Democrat Jack Conway, and Independent
Drew Curtis.

Reach Matt Lasley at 270-259-9622, ext. 2015.

___ (c)2015 the Grayson County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) Visit the Grayson
County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) at www.gcnewsgazette.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151024-SY-Beshear-talks-Grayson-Co-investments-1024-20151024

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SY


                   Copyright 2015 Grayson County News Gazette


                              725 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

2 grants expected to boost Downtown

BYLINE: by CHRIS TOGNERI and TOM FONTAINE

LENGTH: 561 words


Gov. Tom Corbett is expected on Monday to hand out a $4 million redevelopment
assistance capital grant to support two more redevelopment projects in the heart
of Downtown.

That's on the heels of the $5 million Economic Growth Initiative grant Corbett
awarded Friday to support construction of Point Park University's planned
Downtown performance venue, the Pittsburgh Playhouse.

"This Downtown is so different now than it was back in 1976 when I started
walking down the streets to go to the YMCA," Corbett said during a ceremony at
the planned Playhouse site, on the south side of Forbes Avenue between
Smithfield and Wood streets.

"This is a Downtown renaissance that's based on theater, based on education,
based on private industry. I can't think of a better investment that
Pennsylvania can make," Corbett said.

Corbett's office declined to comment on Monday's announcement. But state Senate
Minority Leader Jay Costa, D-Forest Hills, said the money would support
redevelopment along Smithfield between Fifth and Sixth avenues, including
construction of a 600-space parking garage with street-level retail on the
former Saks department store site and a 228-room hotel on the top 11 floors of
the 24-story Oliver Building.

Developers of the projects, Downtown's McKnight Realty Partners and
Washington-based Millcraft Investments, declined to comment. The projects have a
combined price tag of more than $60 million.

"This portion of Smithfield is going to be one of Downtown's major corridors,"
Costa said.

The $74 million Pittsburgh Playhouse a couple of blocks away will be a
five-story facility with a 560-seat theater with orchestra pit, dressing room
and rehearsal studios, among other features. Two smaller theaters will be
included.

University officials said it will attract 60,000 nonstudent patrons Downtown for
performances every year.

While university officials said the project would attract the best students and
teachers from around the country, Corbett touted the economic impact it would
have Downtown. It will draw people to yet another entertainment venue, he said,
"and that will spill over into Market Square." In addition, the project will
bring 600 jobs from construction and operations in the first five years, he
said.

"Just 11 years ago, this was the rotting core of Downtown Pittsburgh; there was
no reinvestment in this area at all," said Ronald Allan-Lindblom, vice president
and artistic director of Point Park's Conservatory of Performing Arts. "Now we
are blocks away from a thriving cultural district (and) the new Pittsburgh
Playhouse will become the heartbeat of Downtown Pittsburgh."

Pittsburgh Playhouse will replace the university's facility in Oakland, which
draws 40,000 nonstudent patrons a year to performances, officials said.

The Oakland facility hosts 250 performances every year. Point Park University
President Paul Hennigan said the new center will allow for many more.

Hennigan said the university has not decided what to do with the Oakland site.
"We won't need it anymore."

Hennigan said officials would release additional details, including
ground-breaking and completion dates, late next month. Fundraising for the
project continues, he said, but he would not say how much has been raised to
date.

Chris Togneri is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
412-380-5632 or ctogneri@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            February 22, 2009 Sunday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Pa. budget woes threaten cultural and historical sites

BYLINE: By Stephan Salisbury; Inquirer Culture Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1285 words


The Chester County Historical Society has already cut all salaries by 20 percent
and reduced its days of operation to four a week.

Johnson House, a way station on the Underground Railroad and now a National
Historic Landmark in the 6300 block of Germantown Avenue, is open only three
days and has no executive director.

Nearly two dozen state-run historic sites in Pennsylvania, including the Daniel
Boone Homestead in Berks County, Washington Crossing Historic Park in Bucks, and
Lancaster's Ephrata Cloister, face closure.

State-designated heritage areas - the Lancaster-York Heritage Region, the
Lackawanna Heritage Valley Authority - also are threatened.

Gov. Rendell's proposed 2010 budget reductions run deep across all state
agencies, but they would cut already-wounded historical organizations and
museums particularly harshly.

Except for a handful of large institutions - among them the Franklin Institute,
the Academy of Natural Sciences, the University of Pennsylvania Museum, and the
African American Museum in Philadelphia - operating and program funding from the
Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission has been eliminated.

State Rep. Dwight Evans (D., Phila.), chairman of the House Appropriations
Committee, is to hold a hearing tomorrow in Harrisburg to begin examining the
commission's budget. It's the first step in a months-long process during which
some of the funding may be restored in traditional budget bargaining.

But the governor's stark 900-page proposal is the first public depiction of
Pennsylvania's governmental priorities in this time of fiscal distress.

What does it show?

Small and medium-size institutions, which benefited from the commission's Museum
Assistance Grants program, would get nothing.

County historical societies, which received state operating grants matched by
their counties, also would get nothing.

The commission's operating, education and program funding for museums and
heritage groups - about $4.9 million in a state budget of $61.7 billion - would
be eliminated. And the commission's own operating budget would be reduced from
$25.8 million to $24 million.

Operations already are so pared down that the reduction - which would mean
eliminating nearly 50 full-time jobs - would leave the commission unable to
staff all 23 sites it runs.

"We're looking to close down some sites" - it's not yet clear which ones - "and
we're trying to find what is a sustainable level of operations," commission
director Barbara Franco said last week. "It's a reality we've been coming to for
some time."

Roughly 150 to 160 museums and county historical societies get funding - this
fiscal year, mostly small grants of $5,000 to $33,000 - from the commission.
Officials around the state say the threat of losing that money is pushing some
museums toward closing, though no area museum director would acknowledge
contemplating such a move.

The Chester County Historical Society received $33,000 this year; elimination of
the grant, plus sharp declines from other funding sources, would affect
operations significantly, president Kimberly A. Hall said. The society, which
cut hours and salaries in January, had an operating budget of $1.4 million this
year.

"We're exploring options along all lines," Hall said. "It's all changing."

The commission's $10,000 grant is critical to the Historical Society of
Montgomery County, which has a budget of $140,000, said Karen Wolfe, the
society's executive director. The county matches the state money.

President Ella Aderman said loss of the grant would force the society to "hunker
down" and forgo new initiatives. It is unclear if the county would withdraw its
matching dollars.

The Pennsylvania Federation of Museums and Historical Organizations' survey of
commission grantees turned up several museums that could close within a year,
its executive director, Deborah Filipi, said last week. Many more said they
would cut hours, staffing, programming - anything to stay afloat.

"The governor's budget cuts are a disgrace for museums," said Filipi, whose
federation is partially funded by a small commission grant - which it is losing.
"Our organization will probably have to close down."

Also affected would be the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources,
which has provided ongoing funding for 12 heritage areas across Pennsylvania.
That funding, roughly $1.9 million, would be eliminated.

A department spokeswoman said several heritage areas could cease operations. The
Schuylkill River National and State Heritage Area, which stretches from
Pottsville to Philadelphia, received about $200,000 from the state this year,
said Kurt D. Zwikl, executive director of the Schuylkill River Greenway
Association. It also receives federal dollars and will continue to operate,
albeit at a reduced level. (Five of the state's 12 heritage areas have national
designations.)

Zwikl said his organization worked with communities on the Schuylkill River
Trail, economic development, conservation, recreation, cultural, and other
projects. Loss of the state money, he said, would "be significant."

"We'd be unable to provide grants back into the community," he said. "I've heard
other state heritage areas say, 'It will put us out of business.' It will not
put us out of business, but it will affect some of these programs, and it will
affect operations and staffing."

Even as small and medium-size museums face eradication of state funding, larger
ones - called "nonpreferred" institutions in budget jargon - are looking at cuts
of only about 10 percent. The Franklin Institute, for instance, received
$759,000 this fiscal year; Rendell has proposed $683,000 for fiscal 2010.

Similarly, the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts - an agency that, for budget
purposes, is within the governor's office - would have its grant-making pot cut
about 10 percent, to $14 million. Its operating budget would be cut $79,000, to
$1.2 million.

Officials and historical-museum advocates see inequity in such numbers.

The arts council "and the nonpreferreds were reduced; we get zero," said Peter
Sibert, head of the Heritage Center Museum in Lancaster. "To basically lose
everything - that's a different kettle of fish. That changes the nature of the
game."

Chuck Ardo, Rendell's spokesman, said Rendell had to make "drastic reductions"
in areas that did not affect the "health, safety, and welfare of
Pennsylvanians." In a follow-up e-mail, he said the big nonpreferred
institutions had received the same 10 percent cuts "as hundreds of other line
items."

As for the elimination of museum grants from the commission's budget, Ardo wrote
that these programs "have traditionally been funded through legislative
initiative as add-ons to the governor's proposal."

Asked to explain, he said: "The Museum Assistance Grant line item has
traditionally been included in the governor's budget, and then the General
Assembly has typically added to it during enactment."

In other words, what the governor has taken away, the legislature "typically"
has reinstated. Whether that will happen in this economic climate is uncertain
at best.

For David Young, head of Cliveden House in Germantown, which is facing a loss of
$10,000, the case for funding is clear: "There have been reams of studies
showing the economic impact" of cultural organizations in general and heritage
tourism in particular.

"It's a puzzling thing," said Joseph Kelly, head of the Pennsylvania Humanities
Council, which would lose about $250,000, forcing a sharp cutback in its popular
speakers program.

"If you close down and the collections aren't cared for, what are the
attractions that people are coming to Pennsylvania to see?"

Contact culture writer Stephan Salisbury at 215-854-5594 or
ssalisbury@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                   January 27, 2005 Thursday ST. PAUL EDITION

USE OF STAR FUNDS QUESTIONED

BYLINE: Robert Ingrassia, Pioneer Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 408 words

DATELINE: ST. PAUL


St. Paul City Council members cast a spotlight on the decade-old Sales Tax
Revitalization (STAR) program Wednesday, discovering a widely held concern that
using sales tax proceeds to pay off old city debt could be doing more harm than
good.

The city has been raiding the sales tax kitty to make debt payments since 2003,
when a cut in state aid sparked an intense budget crisis. The practice frees up
money in the city's general fund for police, parks, libraries and other public
services.

In all, nearly $11 million has been redirected from the sales tax program, which
was created in 1994 to pay for St. Paul Civic Center improvements, as well as
cultural, residential and economic development projects throughout the city.

Several council members and community representatives questioned what the city
has been giving up by turning to the sales tax, as opposed to property taxes or
some other revenue source, to fill the budget gap. Officials noted that the $82
million of STAR funds that have gone to development in 10 years have generated
nearly $1.3 billion in matching investment from grant and loan recipients.

"There is no match on STAR funds used to pay down debt," said Steve Gordon,
chairman of a mayoral-appointed board that makes recommendations on how the
funds are spent. "There is cause for great concern about what debt service has
done for match and leverage (of STAR funds)."

Council Member Lee Helgen called for a study of the economic impact of leaving
the city's property tax levy unchanged and using sales tax proceeds to pay off
debt.

"We're not in crisis mode anymore," he said. "We've got to think about how we
can best use these flexible (sales tax) dollars."

Finance Director Matt Smith told the council that the city may need at least
$3.4 million in STAR funds to pay debt next year. Even so, there would be a gap
of $4 million, he said.

"We can't just say it's a lousy idea using STAR for debt service," Council
President Kathy Lantry said. "We'll have to plug a hole."

Among the other STAR issues raised Wednesday was the process for awarding money
through the Neighborhood Investment Initiative, a fancy term for what amounts to
personal grant funds for each council member.

Gordon suggested that ward-based STAR projects be reviewed as a group, instead
of the current piecemeal process. He also recommended that the council start
making more loans and fewer grants.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Minnesota: U of M president voices support for Sen. Cohen's bill to advance the
University's mission

LENGTH: 686  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Department of Employment and Economic Development has issued the following news
release:

MINNEAPOLIS/ST. PAUL (3/3/2015) - University of Minnesota President Eric Kaler
today presented the U's biennial budget request before the Senate Higher
Education and Workforce Development Committee and praised Sen. Richard Cohen's
appropriations bill (Senate File 1195) to invest in the University.

"Senator Cohen's bill supports and enhances the University's partnership with
the state to benefit our students, their families, Minnesotans' health and the
state's economic vibrancy, from the urban core to our rural towns," Kaler said.
"It will help us to educate Minnesota's increasingly diverse population from
every community, especially students who show the greatest promise."

Cohen's bill includes $65.2 million for research investment, $25.5 million for
the Healthy Minnesota initiative and $30 million to invest in the medical
school.

"These substantial investments will allow the University of Minnesota to keep
tuition affordable and advance the University's mission to provide outstanding
educational opportunities," Cohen said. "Providing for higher education is an
overdue investment in the future of Minnesota. This funding comes at a critical
time for the U and shows a strong commitment that to expand important research
conducted by the school, and the world-class medical professionals who have
agreed to promote this mission."

The University is requesting an increase of $148.2 million for four priority
areas over the next two years, with $65.2 million for tuition affordability as
Kaler's top priority. The investment would allow the U to hold the line on
tuition for Minnesota undergraduate, graduate and professional
students--approximately 53,000 students across all five campuses.

The three additional areas of the U's budget request include:

o $55.5 million for Healthy Minnesota and the Medical School, to strengthen
health care delivery in the state, address workforce shortages and strengthen U
research to address the most pressing health care needs. The initiative would
also expand education and training programs in dentistry, mental health and
geriatrics--particularly in Greater Minnesota and underserved communities. The
medical school investment includes Gov. Dayton's plan to help recruit and hire
50 top tenure track faculty medical researchers over the next eight years,
creating medical discovery teams. The plan would also help secure new research
grants from funding agencies.
o $15 million for the Facility Condition Improvement Strategy, which creates a
more predictable funding stream to maintain the U's 29 million square feet of
infrastructure. In exchange for this general fund allocation, the U would
decrease its Higher Education Asset Preservation and Restoration (HEAPR) capital
request.
o $12.5 million for Vibrant Communities, to improve the environmental health and
safety impacts of mining and examine related economic development opportunities,
and promote economic prosperity in Minnesota communities.

Land O' Lakes, Inc. President and CEO Chris Policinski also testified before the
committee, backing Cohen's proposed investments and reinforcing the value of the
University.

"The University of Minnesota is an important asset that brings value to the
state's overall business community," Policinski said. "In my view, the
University -- with its scientists, its researchers its business school expertise
and its students -- is the state's single-most important driving force for an
innovation culture, an entrepreneurial spirit and a job creation ecosystem."

Kaler reminded the committee that the University created 67 startup companies
over the last eight years, generating jobs and positive economic impact. The
total includes a record 15 startup companies in 2014 alone.

If fully funded ($704.6 million) by 2017, the U of M's request would get the
institution back to slightly above the level the state provided in 2008 ($684.4
million), without adjusting for inflation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

TICKET SURCHARGE IDEA ON HOLD AS ST. PETERSBURG ARTS CZAR STARTS WORK

BYLINE: WAVENEY ANN MOORE, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: CLEARWATER & NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 699 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



HIGHLIGHT: One goal of the new Arts Alliance is to explore ways to raise money
for programs.


A proposed ticket surcharge for popular downtown festivals is on hold with the
hiring of a consultant to head the Arts Alliance, a new initiative charged with
fostering arts and culture in the city.

As part of his contract, John Collins will work on ways to fund the St.
Petersburg Endowment for the Arts, which will supplement the city's existing
arts grants. He also will research other avenues to generate money for arts
programs.

The new Arts Alliance also will aim to attract artists, arts organizations and
special events to St. Petersburg.

"Creativity doesn't succeed without organization and an action plan and often
needs a champion to move it forward,'' Collins said.

City Council member Leslie Curran, a member of the council's Arts Funding
Committee, said: "Hopefully we can find a way to raise the level of financial
stability for the arts community in St. Petersburg.''

Elizabeth Brincklow, the city's arts manager, said an endowment is critical.

Budget allocations plummeted from more than $400,000 in 2007 to $175,000 in the
past four years, with more than two dozen organizations competing for funding,
she said.

What each group gets is not much money, she said, "but in this economy, it is a
lifeblood for a lot of organizations."

Without such assistance, said Collins, "We wouldn't have organizations such as
Juneteenth or SPIFFS (St. Petersburg International Folk Fair Society) or the
other smaller organizations that add vitality to our city."

He added that the Arts Alliance will have the collaborative impact to get
additional funding. "There is federal and state and other funding for the groups
as a whole that they cannot access individually,'' he said.

The City Council has allocated $100,000 from the endowment to get the alliance
off the ground, Brincklow said. Collins, 61, who was picked by Mayor Bill Foster
for the position, will be paid $50,000. His contract is for a year, with an
option for renewal.

Collins and his wife, Mary Ellen, first came to St. Petersburg about 10 years
ago, when he was hired to work for the University of South Florida St.
Petersburg. He became involved with the arts community, but then left to become
president and chief executive officer of the Boca Raton Centre for the Arts. The
couple returned to the city about 21/2 years ago.

"We missed St. Petersburg,'' Collins said.

"We love that you can get your arms around this city, that you can get
involved,'' he said. "When we came back, I became a member of the Arts Advisory
Committee. I absolutely found they were willing to have new blood and new
ideas.''

He made his mark as chairman of the volunteer committee, spearheading a study of
32 organizations that looked at the economic impact of arts and culture in the
city. The analysis was prepared by USF St. Petersburg's College of Business. It
found that arts and cultural organizations provided more than 500 jobs and
brought in 1.3 million visitors who spent $26 million in 2009.

Collins, whose contract started on Oct. 1, has begun an informal survey of
artists, arts organizations, City Council members and others to find out what
they would like the Arts Alliance to accomplish. He's also taking a look at the
way nine other cities with arts alliances, including Santa Fe, N.M., Portland,
Ore., Seattle and Sacramento, Calif., operate. He said he is working on drawing
other artists, such as glass sculptor Duncan McClellan, who moved from Tampa, to
St. Petersburg.

The idea of a $1 surcharge on tickets for some downtown festivals was raised
this year by the Arts Funding Committee. Members said money from the surcharge
would be used to support the arts. Those who disagreed with the proposal said it
would unfairly target festivals that donate most of their proceeds to charity.

Council member Jeff Danner said the idea has been put on hold with Collins'
hiring.

"Once he gets up and running, we'll revisit all the funding for the arts,''
Danner said.

"We are looking at John to do research and analysis of our current situation,''
Curran said, "and make recommendations for where we go from here.''

Collins is expected to make initial recommendations in January.

Waveney Ann Moore can be reached at wmoore@tampabay.com or (727) 892-2283.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Consultant John Collins leads the city's new Arts Alliance
initiative.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            December 11, 2011 Sunday
                                St. Pete Edition

TICKET FEE IDEA ON HOLD AS ARTS CZAR STARTS WORK

BYLINE: WAVENEY ANN MOORE, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 699 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



HIGHLIGHT: One goal of the new Arts Alliance is to explore ways to raise money
for programs.


A proposed ticket surcharge for popular downtown festivals is on hold with the
hiring of a consultant to head the Arts Alliance, a new initiative charged with
fostering arts and culture in the city.

As part of his contract, John Collins will work on ways to fund the St.
Petersburg Endowment for the Arts, which will supplement the city's existing
arts grants. He also will research other avenues to generate money for arts
programs.

The new Arts Alliance also will aim to attract artists, arts organizations and
special events to St. Petersburg.

"Creativity doesn't succeed without organization and an action plan and often
needs a champion to move it forward,'' Collins said.

City Council member Leslie Curran, a member of the council's Arts Funding
Committee, said: "Hopefully we can find a way to raise the level of financial
stability for the arts community in St. Petersburg.''

Elizabeth Brincklow, the city's arts manager, said an endowment is critical.

Budget allocations plummeted from more than $400,000 in 2007 to $175,000 in the
past four years, with more than two dozen organizations competing for funding,
she said.

What each group gets is not much money, she said, "but in this economy, it is a
lifeblood for a lot of organizations."

Without such assistance, said Collins, "We wouldn't have organizations such as
Juneteenth or SPIFFS (St. Petersburg International Folk Fair Society) or the
other smaller organizations that add vitality to our city."

He added that the Arts Alliance will have the collaborative impact to get
additional funding. "There is federal and state and other funding for the groups
as a whole that they cannot access individually,'' he said.

The City Council has allocated $100,000 from the endowment to get the alliance
off the ground, Brincklow said. Collins, 61, who was picked by Mayor Bill Foster
for the position, will be paid $50,000. His contract is for a year, with an
option for renewal.

Collins and his wife, Mary Ellen, first came to St. Petersburg about 10 years
ago, when he was hired to work for the University of South Florida St.
Petersburg. He became involved with the arts community, but then left to become
president and chief executive officer of the Boca Raton Centre for the Arts. The
couple returned to the city about 21/2 years ago.

"We missed St. Petersburg,'' Collins said.

"We love that you can get your arms around this city, that you can get
involved,'' he said. "When we came back, I became a member of the Arts Advisory
Committee. I absolutely found they were willing to have new blood and new
ideas.''

He made his mark as chairman of the volunteer committee, spearheading a study of
32 organizations that looked at the economic impact of arts and culture in the
city. The analysis was prepared by USF St. Petersburg's College of Business. It
found that arts and cultural organizations provided more than 500 jobs and
brought in 1.3 million visitors who spent $26 million in 2009.

Collins, whose contract started on Oct. 1, has begun an informal survey of
artists, arts organizations, City Council members and others to find out what
they would like the Arts Alliance to accomplish. He's also taking a look at the
way nine other cities with arts alliances, including Santa Fe, N.M., Portland,
Ore., Seattle and Sacramento, Calif., operate. He said he is working on drawing
other artists, such as glass sculptor Duncan McClellan, who moved from Tampa, to
St. Petersburg.

The idea of a $1 surcharge on tickets for some downtown festivals was raised
this year by the Arts Funding Committee. Members said money from the surcharge
would be used to support the arts. Those who disagreed with the proposal said it
would unfairly target festivals that donate most of their proceeds to charity.

Council member Jeff Danner said the idea has been put on hold with Collins'
hiring.

"Once he gets up and running, we'll revisit all the funding for the arts,''
Danner said.

"We are looking at John to do research and analysis of our current situation,''
Curran said, "and make recommendations for where we go from here.''

Collins is expected to make initial recommendations in January.

Waveney Ann Moore can be reached at wmoore@tampabay.com or (727) 892-2283.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Consultant John Collins leads the city's new Arts Alliance
initiative.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Salem News (Beverly, Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 16, 2010 Friday

Council approves $1.7M for a wharf: Mayor: Completed project could bring in $60M
a year

BYLINE: Stacie N. Galang, The Salem News, Beverly, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 601 words


July 16--SALEM -- On the same day the city celebrated the opening of its
Harborwalk, another key piece of Salem's waterfront is poised for
revitalization.

The City Council unanimously approved spending $1.7 million last night to
purchase the Blaney Street landing, setting in motion plans for a municipal
wharf.

"Dominion stepped up to the plate," said council President Robert McCarthy,
referring to the Virginia-based energy company that has agreed to sell the
parcel. "This is a major initiative for the city."

Mayor Kim Driscoll told the council last night that the money to purchase the
property would come from a $2.3 million grant from the state's Seaport Advisory
Council, the same agency that provided grants for the Harborwalk.

The latest infusion of grants would go toward the purchase, as well as $600,000
toward engineering and design work, she said.

"Just owning it means so much," the mayor told the council. "That's why it's
critical for us to close the deal here."

Driscoll said she expected to finalize the deal with Dominion by the end of the
summer. The city and Dominion's attorneys had already been working on a draft
sale agreement.

The prospect of ownership met a welcome audience in the council.

"Salem will not just be known as the Witch City," Councilor-at-large Tom Furey
said. "It will be known as a maritime city."

The cost also won over councilors who learned last night that a recent appraisal
set the value at $1.9 million. Incidentally, the last power plant owner
purchased the landing for $2.1 million in 2001.

"I think this is wonderful, and we should pass this tonight," Ward 3 Councilor
Jean Pelletier said.

Driscoll said the Blaney Street landing "dovetails" well with the city's
existing tourism industry. The city already has plans drawn up for the project
and work on the pier has been permitted, she said.

The entire Salem Wharf project will cost in the range of $20 million, the mayor
said. While she didn't expect any one grant to pay for the entire build-out, she
hoped to seek funds to do the project in phases.

The mayor said a completed wharf could conservatively reap the North Shore $60
million a year, based on a recently completed economic-impact analysis.

The wharf would allow cruise ships and large vessels to dock in Salem Harbor.
Driscoll said the city has had conversations with cruise ship line Holland
America.

Limits on clinics

In other news, the council gave an initial go-ahead to limit the opening of
medical clinics, including those that dispense methadone.

After receiving a recommendation from the Planning Board, the council voted to
approve a zoning change that would allow medical clinics, but only with a
special permit and only in certain zones. The council must approve the ordinance
a second time before it takes effect.

Medical and dental offices, which had originally been included in Ward 5
Councilor John Ronan's proposed change, won't have the same limitations.
Instead, the ordinance change will allow them to open right in the city's
business and industrial zones.

"They just tweaked it a little bit," Ronan said of the Planning Board's changes
to his proposal. "I don't have a problem with that."

To see more of The Salem News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.salemnews.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Salem News, Beverly, Mass.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100716-ZS-Council-approves-1.7M-for-a-wharf-20100716

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZS


                         Copyright 2010 The Salem News


                              732 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Memoranda: PA Museum Preservation Act

LENGTH: 512  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following Memoranda updates:

In the near future, Senator Costa and I will be re-introducing legislation to
establish the Pennsylvania Museum Preservation Act.

Co-sponsors from last session were:  ALLOWAY, HUGHES , ARGALL , SCHWANK, FONTANA
, WILLIAMS , YAW, YUDICHAK,  FARNESE, LEACH , SMITH, WOZNIAK , BLAKE, and
BREWSTER.

The Pennsylvania Legislative Budget and Finance Committee issued a report on the
economic impact of museums in Pennsylvania. Tourism is one of Pennsylvania's
largest industries injecting approximately $33 billion annually into the
Commonwealth's economy and museums play a large role in this sector.  By one
estimate, 13,000 staff persons are employed by Pennsylvania's museums and more
than 25,000 Pennsylvania's businesses are involved in arts and culture related
creative enterprises.

In the last few years funding has been reduced for both state-owned and
nonstate-owned museums.  As a result, the Legislative Budget and Finance
Committee recommended the exploration of creative funding strategies for funding
museums and cultural activities.

Therefore, we are proposing a consistent source of funding to assist
Pennsylvania museums that do not receive general operating support from other
state sources. This plan is a first step in funding a program that is
streamlined, uses a verified, accepted list of museums, allows for operating
support and multi-year funding, and is distributed on performance-based,
verifiable criteria to eligible museums aligned with national standards.

We are proposing providing $10 million annually from a portion of the
Pennsylvania Inheritance Tax (approximately 1% of collections) separate from,
and in addition to, the existing Keystone Recreation, Park and Conservation
fund, to fund a museum grant program.  Funds would be distributed by the PHMC to
qualified Pennsylvania museums that commit to the American Alliance of Museums
(AAM) Pledge of Excellence."

The following are the types of museums that would be eligible to apply:
          Botanic Gardens and Arboreta             Children's Museums
          History Museums                                  Historical Societies
          Historic Houses/Sites                            Military and Maritime
Museums
          Natural History Museums                      Nature Centers
          Planetariums                                         Science and
Technology Centers
          General Museums with two or more equally significant disciplines

Museums that meet the AAM definition of museum and with operating budgets of
more than $100,000 may apply for grants of up to 15% of their operating budget.
AAM accredited museums will be eligible for an additional grant of up to 1% of
their operating budget.  These grants will not exceed $500,000 each.

We hope you will join us in co-sponsoring this important initiative.  If you
need further information, please feel free to contact our offices.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 11, 1988 Friday

Ontario Arts Council                              makes bid to triple
annual cultural budget  BY  JOHN ALLEMANG   The Globe and Mail   THE ONTARIO
Arts Council is about to ask the Ontario Government to triple  its budget from
$28-million to $85-million. The council, a government  agency reporting to the
provincial Ministry of Culture and Communications,  is asking for the massive
increase over a five-year period.

BYLINE: JOHN ALLEMANG; GAM

LENGTH: 447 words


Christopher Wootten, executive director of the council, said the
increase in funding is a "priority" even at a time when the Government has
announced a policy of fiscal restraint. "We have become a major sector (in
the economy) and are still underfinanced," he said. "Other levels in
society have been more articulate and vociferous."

The council's request is based on its claim that provincial funding of
the arts ultimately brings a greater return to the province through tax
revenue and increased employment in both the cultural sector and the
related industries of tourism and hospitality. The increases sought by the
council would also lead to a shift in emphasis away from the so-called
"flagship" cultural institutions in the Toronto area such as the National
Ballet and the Stratford Festival, and toward smaller groups across the
province.

This tactic of stressing province-wide economic benefit will make the
request more politically palatable, but officials in the Ministry of
Culture and Communications see a rough road ahead.

"The response will be that we are going into a very constrained
economy," said David Silcox, deputy minister of culture and
communications. "Getting money for new initiatives is very difficult. It
will be a while before this request is put into our estimates, at least a
year away from now."

Silcox does not believe the emphasis in funding should move away from
the flagship institutions. "Strategically, the large organizations which
employ the largest number of people and set the highest standards are the
one you should serve," he said.

Geoff Wall, a professor of geography at the University of Waterloo who
prepared an economic impact study for the Arts Council, disagrees. "I
suspect that these flagships might get bailed out anyway but small grants
might make the difference of life and death to a smaller organization."

Wall maintains that money spent on the arts "generates a
disproportionately large number of jobs" because work in the culture
industry, traditionally done by the young (young women in particular), is
low-paying. But that is one of the traditions that Christopher Wootten is
attempting to end with his five-year plan. "When I go around the
province," he said, "I see salaries for full-time jobs in major galleries
in the $10,000 to $15,000 range, below the poverty level. This is not
acceptable any longer."

The chairman of the council's finance committee, businessman and
prominent Liberal Elvio Del Zotto, accepts that the Government "won't
swallow this right away." But he thinks this new advocacy position taken
by Wootten and his council, a change from the more low-key approach of
recent years, will lead to "a serious lobby by the arts community."

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Grant approved for RMP South project

BYLINE: Niagara Gazette, Niagara Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 631 words


Oct. 18--New York state economic development officials this week approved
funding for the reconfiguration of a one-mile stretch of the Robert Moses
Parkway in Niagara Falls.

During a meeting Thursday in New York City, the Empire State Development Board
of Directors authorized a grant of up to $10 million for the infrastructure
project. The award is part of a package totaling $19 million earmarked for a
total of nine projects across the state.

The grant will be administered by the New York State Department of
Transportation and will allow for the reconstruction of a portion of the Robert
Moses Parkway South and the adjoining areas.

The project is part of the Buffalo Billion Initiative to enhance the development
of downtown Niagara Falls and stems from recommendations made by the Western New
York Regional Economic Development Council. As a result, the WNYREDC Strategic
Plan outlined measures to enhance and grow Niagara Falls tourism, including
re-establishing waterfront access in the city.

As part of the project, the state will develop a grade-separated interchange at
John B. Daly Boulevard with a roundabout that officials characterized Friday as
"a more fitting gateway experience" into Niagara Falls State Park and downtown
Niagara Falls. The project will result in the removal of the elevated embankment
to open views and access to the Upper Niagara River and Rapids and will include
full landscaping and an access plan with native vegetation, scenic overlooks and
multi-purpose trail facilities. State officials said the project will construct
an access system that is "right-sized" to accommodate all modes of travel,
eliminate underutilized and/or redundant roadway facilities and restore native
habitats along the riverfront.

State economic officials suggested the economic impact of the project will be
significant as it will "directly support and facilitate at least four mixed-use
lodging/retail projects in the adjoining Buffalo Avenue and Rainbow Boulevard
corridors, representing over 450 hotel rooms and nearly $50 million in new
investment."

Citing the city of Niagara Falls Waterfront Master Plan, state officials
indicated that the project will help bring to fruition projected "long-term
economic benefits," including a net increase in demand for more than one million
new hotel room nights, net annual increase in retail/non-retail spending of $336
million, new retail, lodging and travel-related employment totaling more than
2,800 jobs and over $14 million in annual state tax revenues.

In addition to the Robert Moses Parkway South grant, ESD board members
authorized $1.5 million in grant funding for Rosina Food Products, Inc., a
manufacturer of frozen foods that is located in Erie County. State officials
said the company will use grant money to cover a portion of the cost of building
construction and renovations as well as to purchase new machinery and equipment.
The project involves upgrades to the company's pasta, entrée and protein
manufacturing facilities.

"The state's formula for growing jobs and the economy is working: Governor
Cuomo's Regional Economic Development Councils have made smart suggestions and
ESD is taking action to support key projects across the state that are creating
economic and employment opportunities for New Yorkers," said Empire State
Development President, CEO & Commissioner Kenneth Adams. "The funds approved by
the board are supporting expanding businesses, infrastructure improvements and
helping to revitalize communities from Buffalo to Brooklyn, and are proving to
be critical investments in our efforts to strengthen and grow our economy."

___ (c)2014 the Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, N.Y.) Visit the Niagara Gazette
(Niagara Falls, N.Y.) at www.niagara-gazette.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141018-NF-Grant-approved-for-RMP-South-project-1018-20141018

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NF


                         Copyright 2014 Niagara Gazette


                              735 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                                January 23, 1995

State's ATM net runs fine-now for the hard part

BYLINE: Michael Csenger

SECTION: TOP NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 947 words

Raleigh, N.C.  With its statewide ATM net up and running for five months now,
North Carolina has found that solving technical challenges is only part of the
battle in rolling out a leading-edge communications infrastructure.  The
relatively simple design of the North Carolina Information Highway (NCIH) - just
11 main nodes supporting links of up to OC-3 speed - has kept technical
complications to a minimum. But the net is built on such a scale, spanning
public and private interests across a whole state, that socioeconomic policy
issues now consume most of its planners' time.  Among them are issues of
fairness in divvying up bandwidth between state and commercial users, and
wrangling to prove the economic payback from initiatives such as distance
learning.  Jane Patterson, adviser to the Governor's Office of Policy, Budget
and Technology and chairwoman of the Information Highway Steering Committee,
will address some of these issues when the NCIH is showcased at a meeting of the
National Information Infrastructure Advisory Council here on Thursday. The NCIH
demonstration will be simulcast at AT&T's booth at the ComNet show in
Washington, D.C.  The NCIH is the first statewide Asynchronous Transfer Mode
network in the U.S. It is unique in its seamless interface between multiple
carriers and public and private users.  "We have 28 carriers involved in this,
and the one thing we did not want was 28 different solutions," said Alan
Blatecky, vice president of information technologies at MCNC, which served as
the NCIH's conceptual architect (see story, this page). Lacking finished
standards for multivendor interoperability, especially at the carrier level,
uniformity was achieved by standardizing on Fujitsu Network Switching of
America, Inc. and AT&T central office ATM switches. Users connecting to the
network must use Fujitsu's SMX-6000 ATM Service Multiplexer. Interoperability
snags are thus avoided.  The state of North Carolina spearheaded the ATM
initiative by guaranteeing enough usage to help cover the carriers' basic
operating costs, but the NCIH is a commercial undertaking that will soon bring
paying customers on-line.  (GTE Communications Corp.'s commercial ATM tariffs
were approved late last year, while Southern Bell and North Carolina Telephone
filed tariffs last week and expect approval by March.) The state has helped
ensure a solid infrastructure that is already wired to resources such as its
university system. But it also means that companies using the net will share
bandwidth that the sheriff's department, for example, might suddenly demand.
"We can't afford a completely nonblocking ATM network," Blatecky said. "So we
start getting into issues of who gets what priorities. With doctors relying on
the network for telemedicine, the state police running a crucial ID check out on
the road and business users trying to run their critical applications, issues of
fairness will come into play. Do you degrade everybody a little bit, or do some
users gain top priority. If so, how? Is it by price alone, or do we legislate
certain prerogatives?" Such policy issues are faced by network managers
everywhere as they divvy up resources on their own corporate nets, but Blatecky
said they are little understood and are just now beginning to be addressed.
"There are still a lot of objections to this [NCIH]," said Robert Cohen,
principal of The Cohen Communications Group, a New York-based consultancy
specializing in the economic impact of communications technology.  "They had a
number of fights along the way, mainly having to do with schools," Cohen said.
"People were saying that the education budget was better spent on teachers than
on ATM, that you had to take from one to give to the other. Those kinds of
discussions are not yet over." Patterson wrestles with these issues directly.
The network cost about $ 160 million to build, paid for by the carriers, she
said. The state spent about $ 9 million for its own equipment, and this year
will provide about $ 7 million in grants to help schools purchase their own
access equipment.  Paybacks are hard to gauge, spanning intangible ground
between cost-savings, improved productivity and new opportunity.  For example,
the network will improve education by linking students at remote, rural schools
to courses taught hundreds of miles away.  "Eventually by improving education
and providing a communications infrastructure to match, we'll get companies
willing to move out and operate in those rural areas," she said.  Patterson
cited an economic impact study that says the network could spawn 44,000 new
high-paying jobs in seven years.  "[NCIH] creates very collaborative
organizations," she said.  The state is a distance-learning pioneer, and
telemedicine, which would help provide better health care to North Carolina's
large rural population, is another example of its collaborative efforts.  Among
commercial users, the state has attracted companies such as Cisco Systems, Inc.
to Research Triangle Park (RTP) by promising a robust wide-area ATM
infrastructure. Cisco late last year announced that it plans to develop a site
in RTP where, among other things, it will pilot new telesales and telebusiness
applications using the ATM network.  "North Carolina really bit the bullet ahead
of everyone else on this," Cohen said. "Their political and business leaders
have realized that their future is not in revitalizing the tobacco industry.
Instead, they're implementing a business and government collaboration in order
to shift rapidly to an economic base for the next century."

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Jane Patterson

                       Copyright 1995 Network World, Inc.


                              736 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              July 9, 2012 Monday

Big hopes for Calamityville;
$374-million impact expected over 5 years.Some residents stay skeptical of
Fairborn's disaster-training center.;
FOCUS ON LOCAL ECONOMY

BYLINE: By Steven Matthews StaffWriter

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 768 words


FAIRBORN - The city is banking on the development of Calamityville, the National
Center for Medical Readiness, as a driver of economic growth in the region.

But, that impact won't be seen for several years because the 54-acre site run by
Wright State University is not yet fully operational.

Calamityville is a collaborative training and research facility. Its purpose is
to prepare civilian and military medical communities and first-responders for
disasters.

Calamityville - the former CEMEX plant at 506 E. Xenia Drive - opened in March
2011. Emergency medical simulations also take place at two other sites, totaling
340 acres, in Greene County.

Fairborn City Manager Deborah McDonnell said she hopes to reap the economic
development rewards of the project in the coming five years.

"For us, it really is the biggest economic boost since Wright State opened their
doors over 40 years ago," Mc-Donnell said. "It opens up so much for potential in
research and development consistent with the medical training Wright State
provides in the area of national preparedness for response and recovery."

The city has turned attention to economic development along Interstate 675 to
support the people who they expect to come to the center to train.

In the city of Fairborn's 2010 comprehensive annual financial report,
Calamityville - when fully operational - has a projected economic impact of $374
million over a five-year period for the Miami Valley region, according to an
economic analysis prepared by Wright State.

Those are the latest, and only, figures available, and according to Wright State
spokeswoman Stephanie Gottschlich, those numbers still apply today.

"We're truly excited," said Ryan Fendley, interim director of Calamityville. "We
now stand on the cusp of delivering for the community a tremendous regional
asset that is unique and has the potential to draw federal work as well as
support a number of state initiatives."

It cost $3 million to clean up the Calamityville site, and it was paid for by a
Clean Ohio Fund grant ($1.8 million), Wright State ($1 million) and a federal
grant ($200,000), Mc-Donnell said. No city funds were used.

"The hard part for people is conceptualizing what this is," McDonnell said. "The
general public doesn't fully understand what they're doing there. They're not
fully operating, so there's a sense that nothing's happening there. In fact,
there's a lot happening. They're just not advertising it to the public."

Bud McCormick, the associate director of Calamityville, said nearly 10,000
people have participated in health care professional training since 2006 at
Wright State's Boonshoft School of Medicine and Calamityville combined. In
2010-11, more than 5,500 medical simulations were conducted.

No numbers were available as to how many have trained there since it opened.

Calamityville has a partnership with the Ohio Emergency Management Agency, and
hosts organizations such as the FBI, SWAT, Ohio State Highway Patrol and Ohio
National Guard.

Nancy Dragani, the executive director of the Ohio EMA, said Calamityville's
proximity to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base gives it a unique advantage.

"From the very beginning, this is a project that has tremendous appeal to me
because it's not being done anywhere else in the nation where the focus is on
emergency medicine training," Dragani said.

Not everybody in Fairborn, though, is sold on the idea, including longtime
resident Cheri McGee, who called the site an "eyesore in our community."

"I think it's the biggest mistake they've made," McGee said. "They haven't done
anything with it. They've promised the moon and delivered nothing."

But city and university officials are waiting on a key piece to occur -
clearance from the Environmental Protection Agency. Once the city, which owns
the land after it was donated by CEMEX, receives a "no further action" letter
from the EPA, it will turn the property over to Wright State.

McDonnell said she expects that to all be finalized in the next 12 months.

"We still think that's relevant and a reasonable expectation," Fendley said of
Wright State's economic analysis. "I would say the clock on that would probably
begin six months after the EPA cleared it, and we'd see an uptick in training,
testing and research. We'd see our portfolio grow. Then within the next five
years I could see it get to the point where we've had that kind of an impact.

"Clearly, Calamityville has had a positive impact on the city of Fairborn so
far," he added. "It is our goal, desire and expectation that the impact to date
only represents the tip of the iceberg of the impact it's going to have."

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              737 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                           September 24, 2010 Friday

Idaho nonprofits continue to see growing need for funds

BYLINE: Brad Carlson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 480  words


From her office at Big Brothers Big Sisters in Boise, Nora Carpenter sees the
challenges facing the local nonprofits.

Carpenter is back home in Boise, where she's bringing nearly three years of
experience as a national Better Business Bureau executive in Washington, D.C.,
to her new job as CEO of Big Brothers Big Sisters of Southwest Idaho.

She brings with her a national perspective on the challenges that a weak economy
presents to nonprofit organizations.

"Sitting at the national level, you could see the 'creep' of the economic
impact," Carpenter said. "It wasn't a wave that hit everybody at the same time.
"

Carpenter served as senior vice president of capacity building with the Council
of Better Business Bureaus, Arlington, Va. She led a 50-person team that
develops and delivers programs, training and resources to 124 chapters across
the U.S. and Canada. Previously she served as president of the Better Business
Bureau of Southwest Idaho and Eastern Oregon chapter, from 1993 to 2007. Dale
Dixon leads the chapter now.

With state and local governments facing deficits, foundation endowments down and
corporate cut-backs, charities are increasingly looking to donations from
individuals to shore up their budgets.

But people are giving less frequently and in smaller amounts of money to
charities than in the past, reports a survey by GuideStar USA, an organization
that tracks finances of nonprofit groups.

Only this week, a call for requests was put out by the United Way.

President Derick O'Neill said United Way is in a unique position when compared
to some other agencies.

"The need is growing, and we have to be smart in our approach to addressing it
by focusing on root causes that force low-income families into crises in the
first place," O'Neill said.

Last year, United Way awarded grants to 53 community programs at 34 nonprofit
organizations. The grants ranged from $7,000 to $117,000. United Way's grants
are invested exclusively in the Treasure Valley, working to improve the lives of
people in need right here in our community.

United Way's unique position brings together leaders in the community from the
nonprofit, corporate, education and government sector to break the cycle of need
through innovative, collaborative initiatives in education, health and financial
stability with a focus on prevention, O'Neill said.

A national report shows 67 percent of the charities nationally showed fewer
individuals had made donations and 66 percent reported individuals' donations
were smaller than in the past.

Carpenter said she deals with an annual operating budget of just over $500,000
and says that has shrunk in the past three years as the economic downturn in
many cases reduced companies' ability to contribute, she said.

"As the economy picks up - and I do think it will - I'm optimistic about the
work the nonprofit community can do for southwest Idaho," she said.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                           August 26, 2009 Wednesday

Hopes for high speed rail for Western New York move forward

BYLINE: Colleen M. Farrell

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 782  words


State and local officials are battling for millions of dollars to bring high
speed rail to Western New York, a move that proponents say could give New York a
brighter economic future.

On Monday, Gov. David A. Paterson announced that the state is pursuing more than
$500 million in grants for rail improvements as part of 38 different projects.
Two are in the Rochester area: $58.1 million for the final design and
construction of an initial section of a dedicated third passenger track on the
Empire Corridor and $48.6 million for improvements to the Rochester passenger
rail station to accommodate high-speed rail.

The "third track" initiative is something that has been bandied about for years
and got a shot in the arm last March, when Paterson released the first statewide
rail plan in 22 years. It laid out a plan for the addition of a third track to
carry high speed rail. The next step is for state officials to file an
application by Oct. 2 for funding of high speed service between Albany and
Buffalo.

Rochester's geographic location could help the city yield even greater dividends
than those counted on, supporters of the plan say. It could become a stopping
point for the thousands of travelers the state is hoping will ride the rail.

The governor has plugged high speed rail an economic juggernaut, both in the
short-term and long-, by creating jobs, expanding business and increasing
tourism.

Transportation initiatives such as high speed rail could prove a boon to the
region, according to Mark Peterson, president and CEO of Greater Rochester
Enterprise. For starters, it would expand the region's workforce opportunities,
as commuters could travel from their homes in one city to work in another. That
alone could attract investments in the region's business climate. Also, it would
help GRE better market the area as a region with a skilled workforce, plenty of
colleges and universities and emerging industries, like high tech and green.

However, Peterson said he's not confident Rochester will see any of those
federal dollars because so many other states are competing for them. Also, it's
important to ensure the return on investment is going to be there.

"When you get right down to these kinds of things, how much money is it really
going to take to accommodate the objective, and would we support spending those
dollars in some other fashion to create job growth?" he asked. "[But] if the
money is there would high speed rail be a good thing? The answer to that
question is, 'Yes. '"

Besides helping the business climate, high speed rail would provide a huge boost
to the downtown real estate market and could incite a lot of development,
according to Heidi Zimmer-Meyer, president of the Rochester Downtown Development
Corp. She said both residential and office space would become more valuable,
something experienced by other cities that have made significant transportation
investments, she said. There's no reason to think why that won't happen here,
she added.

She is hopeful that our proximity to Canada and a possible high speed connection
with it will help convince lawmakers to grant federal dollars to the Rochester
region.

"Whether we have everything lined up in a way that will give us an edge in that
score I don't know, but it certainly has tremendous potential to create not only
tourism but actual viability for companies and business locations and business
travelers in a way that we haven't experienced before. "

Patti Donoghue, vice president of communications for Visit Rochester, said
tourism dollars would definitely go up if high speed rail comes to town.

"We think it would certainly increase travel to this area. It would certainly be
easier, more efficient, and in this day of conserving energy, it's energy saving
and, pretty much, it's the way of the future," she said. "We would be happy to
see folks be able to find a comfortable way to get anywhere from the city up
here or any of the stops in between. "

Rochester's bus system serves the area's attractions, Donoghue said, so the two
transportation systems would work well together.

But Zimmer-Meyer said she believes the city's current mass transportation method
will need an overhaul if high speed rail is going to be successful.

"We're going to have to think very differently [about] how we get people from a
train station to anywhere else," she said. "We're not a Chicago or a Washington
or a New York or London or something where your subway system and your bus
system are very, very sophisticated ... . In this community, we use our cars and
so this would be a paradigm shift for us and so to really capture the economic
[impact], we're going to have to think differently and very strategically. "

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                        January 30, 2000, Sunday, FINAL

Funding in amateur sport an oxymoron

SECTION: Opinion; A12

LENGTH: 356 words


Re Funding in amateur sport.

Do the words funding and amateur sport seem like they don't belong in the same
sentence? There probably is a good reason for that, aside from the grants
provided by foundations such as Alberta Sport Recreation, Parks and Wildlife,
the funding is scarce. Many clubs realize their needed funds through extensive
fund-raising initiatives of the parents, often relying on these to make ends
meet. At present, there are many clubs looking to the future with their eyes on
a new facility, and their vision blurred by the reality of insufficient funds.

There must be a way to find money for amateur sport that doesn't rely on
chocolates, wrapping paper and other items.

Perhaps there is. Many may know of the Mills report which was presented to the
federal government in December 1998. This report was presented by the
Sub-Committee on the Study of Sport in Canada. The sub- committee identified the
following areas of study for its work:

- Measurement of the economic impact of sport on a national and regional basis.

- The contribution of sport to the cultural sphere.

- The potential scope of, and rationale for, federal involvement -- or increased
federal involvement -- in the promotion of (and participation in) amateur sport
in Canada.

The report outlined 69 recommendations. More study was required before these
recommendations could be dealt with.

The research is out there about the importance of sport and its benefits. The
Mills report and a recent document by the Canadian Olympic Association outline
these benefits clearly with many useful statistics that may be used for sponsor
proposals and appeals for the development of sport funding.

There is a way that more attention can be brought to the government about the
concerns of individuals involved in amateur sport. Contact your local MP and
explain your concerns over the lack of funding, and your desire to see this
issue addressed. If more than one individual is contacting their MP, the message
is more likely to be heard, and perhaps they will advocate on behalf of amateur
sport.

Karl A. Balisch

Calgary


LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                              March 3, 2006 Friday

Funding for University of Maryland, Baltimore BioPark center may be cut

BYLINE: Dori Berman

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 737  words


An initiative intended to assist Maryland's biotechnology community might land
on the General Assembly's cutting room floor.Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr.
allocated in his Fiscal Year 2007 budget $12 million to build a Center for
Regenerative Research at the University of Maryland, Baltimore BioPark, and
another $1.5 million to operate the center.This week, however, budget analysts
at the Department of Legislative Services recommended that lawmakers cut the $12
million, arguing the funds would better serve the advancement of biotechnology
if spent directly on research. "We understand the practical need for the center
and we understand the marketing need for the center," Ehrlich said.

"We're concerned about it."The center would serve as an economic development
tool and a marketing tool for the university and the state's biotechnology
community, Ehrlich said.Under his proposal, the university would use the $12
million to purchase one floor of a building financed and managed by a private
developer. The university-owned space would house its own researchers and
private companies, which would pay rent to the university. T. Sue Gladhill, vice
president for external affairs at the University of Maryland, Baltimore, said
locating private companies and university researchers in close proximity would
allow collaboration between the two groups that does not currently exist in
Maryland."We think we can return the state's investment of the money about
17-fold. We already have a list in excess of 20 businesses that have already
expressed an interest in coming here if this goes through," Gladhill said.But
the budget analysts argued the proposed financing model would allow the project
to be completed without state funds. The building would be the second in the
university's research park, and the first was developed with private funds."If
the state wants to spend money for regenerative research, other grants and loans
would be an alternative. Given the model, it seems likely that the building
would be built regardless," said a budget analyst who worked on the capital
budget recommendations but did not want to be identified. "If this was a high
priority for the administration, perhaps a little more communication would've
helped."Proponents of the project, however, argued just allocating money for
research would not have had the same benefits.Greater Baltimore Committee
President Donald C. Fry, an advocate for the region's biotechnology industry,
said giving research loans or grants is a more traditional method of promoting
research, but would not have the same economic impact.Ehrlich has made several
pleas to lawmakers this week urging them to reject cuts to his budget
recommended by the Department of Legislative Services. Though lawmakers are not
required to adopt the analysts' recommendations, Ehrlich expressed concern that
some legislators are considering this one seriously.The senator who chairs the
subcommittee that will handle the regenerative center's appropriation also
expressed reservations."I don't think we felt that the plan has been well
developed in terms of making sure our money is best used," said Sen. Edward J.
Kasemeyer, D-Howard and Baltimore County "I think there's a great interest in
promoting Maryland's interest in the biotechnology field. At the same time, we
have to make sure that we're spending our money on a well-thought-out and
well-designed plan."House Speaker Michael E. Busch, D-Anne Arundel, said all
decisions regarding the capital budget have yet to be made. But, he added, the
Democratic leadership in the legislature has some other priorities for capital
funds."We're going through the capital budget right now, and we're going to make
decisions on priorities. Our priority is to fund school construction. We believe
the University of Maryland College Park has a couple of projects that need to be
funded," Busch said. He called the Center for Regenerative Research] "a late
arrival. No one had even talked about it until the fall."A spokesman for
Ehrlich, however, said it is normal practice to keep executive decisions under
wraps at first, especially with sensitive subjects like regenerative research,
which involves stem cells."That's not an isolated incident when it comes to the
capital budget," said Henry Fawell. Noting the issue is a sensitive one, he
added "we believed it appropriate to conduct our decision making in relative
privacy."

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The West Australian (Perth)

                             May 9, 2007 Wednesday
                                     METRO

Cash for solar panels to fight global warming

BYLINE: CHRIS JOHNSON

SECTION: GENERAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 458  words


Doubling the solar panel rebate for home owners, more school and community
grants and establishing a climate change adaptation centre marked the focus of
Peter Costello's $741 million spending spree over five years to fight global
warming.

In addition, an environmental stewardship program for farmers, the previously
announced national water security plan and a delayed extension of Natural
Heritage Trust funding formed the basis of the Budget's wider environmental
initiatives.

It has taken 12 Budgets for the Treasurer to utter the words "climate change",
but yesterday's offering failed to please either the Opposition or
conservationists, who said it fell far short of steps required to address
environmental concerns.

"Our responsibility is to manage the environment for future generations," Mr
Costello said. "One of the serious long-term threats is global warming.

"We want to encourage home owners to install solar panels across Australia. The
current rebates will be doubled so that households will receive up to $8000 for
installing an average system, which costs about $14,000.

"Grants of up to $12,000 will be available for solar panels in schools and
community buildings."

Schools and community groups will also be able to apply for grants to install
rainwater tanks and water-saving devices.

The NHT will be extended to the tune of $2 billion spread over five years but
won't kick in until 2008-09.

The new Climate Change Adaptation Centre will cost $126 million and will lead
national research into adapting to climate change.

"It will bring together the wide range of research and technical knowledge in
Australia on climate change, helping to bridge the gaps between scientists and
decision makers," Environment Minister Malcolm Turnbull said.

But Greens climate change spokeswoman Christine Milne said the Budget showed Mr
Costello was negligent and reckless when it came to climate change.

"Mr Costello allocated not one new cent to the development of clean-energy
technologies," she said. "Clearly, he has no understanding that climate change
is already biting Australia and the world and has been well understood for many
years."

Shadow treasurer Wayne Swan said the Budget failed because it did not fund any
new large-scale practical measures to deal with the economic impact of climate
change.

The Climate Institute said climate change funding in the Budget fell a long way
short of the money needed to address the crisis.

And the Australian Conservation Foundation said the Budget contained no
commitment to reduce greenhouse emissions by 2020.

"Avoiding dangerous climate change is going to take more than modest funding for
isolated programs," executive director Don Henry said.

"It requires leadership and far-sighted structural changes."

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 West Australian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           February 26, 2013 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Final Edition

Automatic ax would hit Texas is about to fall

BYLINE: Ben Kamisar American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 906 words


It was a poison pill that Congress was never supposed to swallow, but unless
Washington agrees on a last-minute compromise on the looming federal budget
cuts, get ready for delayed airplanes, long lines at border crossings and
curtailed services at national parks.

Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano warned Monday that worker furloughs
could increase customs waits on international flights by as much as 50 percent
and delay thousands of travelers per day. She added that border patrol cuts
could compromise security along the southwestern border.

Napolitano's comments were the latest in administration efforts to depict the
impact of the mandatory budget cuts, known as sequestration. On Sunday,
Education Secretary Arne Duncan took to CBS, calling the cuts "dumb" and warning
that "more children will not get the kinds of opportunities and services they
need."

While the president continues to lament the mandatory cuts, Speaker of the House
Rep. John Boehner, R-Ohio, accused the president of using the threat to continue
campaigning for more tax increases, noting that Republicans had tried twice to
pass "smarter" spending cuts.

"It's time to cut spending here in Washington," he said. "Instead of using our
military men and women as campaign props, if the president was serious, he'd sit
down with (Senate Majority Leader) Harry Reid and begin to address our
problems."

While working to reach a long-term solution on the federal deficit, Congress
passed a bill to trigger $1.2 trillion in automatic cuts if they could not find
a way to do it themselves. The Obama administration said the goal was to force a
compromise by making the cuts "unattractive and unappealing," but legislators
failed to do more than delay them until Friday.

The cuts - which would begin on Friday and continue until Congress reaches a
compromise - will hit particularly hard in Texas.

The Army projects more job losses in Texas than in any other state. A White
House document on the sequester's impact estimates that 52,000 civilian
Department of Defense employees in Texas would be furloughed. The Army estimates
that Fort Hood alone could face $291 million in cuts and that the economic
impact of its total spending cuts on the state could hit $2.4 billion.

Chris Hellman, a military budget specialist at the National Priorities project,
said the sequester would reduce Pentagon spending to its 2006 levels. He said
the focus on defense cuts misses the greater economic impact from the cuts to
social services.

"In many ways, it's even more costly, not from a financial standpoint but from
an economic standpoint, to be cutting things like job training, nutrition
assistance (and education)," he said.

On Monday, the state's Legislative Budget Board announced that Texas' budget
will face more than $330 million in losses - about half of that in K-12
education.

The Texas Education Agency estimates a loss of $167 million for the upcoming
school year. Programs for low-income students, such as Title I and Head Start
funding, make up a majority of that total, according to an analysis done by the
progressive Center for American Progress.

Eva DeLuna, a budget officer for the Center for Public Policy Priorities, said
new federal cuts on top of the $5.4 billion cut last legislative session would
amount to "a quadruple whammy" for Texas schools.

Chuck DeVore, vice president of policy at the Texas Public Policy Foundation,
countered that budget and staffing cuts are too small to cause significant
issues. He pointed to the White House's estimation that 930 teacher and aide
jobs are at risk in the state, which amounts to a minuscule fraction of the
total number of teachers.

"If the state of Texas can't figure out how to support the very important task
of educating its children without these federal funds (for) one quarter of one
percent, it seems to me that there are bigger problems," he said.

HOW THE CUTS WOULD AFFECT TEXAS
 The White House issued state-specific examples on the effects of the $85
million in automatic budget cuts set to take effect Friday. Here's what
sequester means for the state of Texas:

EDUCATION
\u25A0 About $67.8 million in funding for primary and secondary education,
putting around 930 teacher and aide jobs at risk.
\u25A0 Head Start and Early Head Start would be eliminated for approximately
4,800 children.
 ENVIRONMENT
 * About $8.5 million in environmental funding.
 * About $2.2 million in grants for fish and wildlife protection.
MILITARY READINESS
AND LAW ENFORCEMENT
 * About 52,000 civilian Department of Defense employees would be furloughed,
reducing gross pay by around $274.8 million.
 * About $233 million for Army base operations in Texas.
 * About $27 million for Air Force operations in Texas.
JOB SEARCH AID
 * About $2.2 million in funding for job search assistance, referral and
placement.

LAW ENFORCEMENT
 * About $1.1 million in grants that support law enforcement, prosecution,
courts, crime prevention, corrections and crime victim initiatives.

SENIOR NUTRITION ASSISTANCE
 * About $3.6 million in funding for meals for seniors.

PUBLIC HEALTH
 * About $2.4 million in funds to help Texas upgrade its ability to respond to
public health threats including infectious diseases, natural disasters and
biological, chemical, nuclear and radiological events.
 * About $6.8 million in grants to help prevent and treat substance abuse.
 * About $1.1 million in health department funding for HIV tests.

Source: Associated Press



LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 5, 2013



CORRECTION: On Feb. 26 and March 2, a box should have said automatic budget cuts
would total $85 billion.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 10, 2005 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

California's Stem Cell Program Is Hobbled but Staying the Course

BYLINE: By ANDREW POLLACK

SECTION: Section C; Column 2; Business/Financial Desk; A Case of Stunted Growth;
Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1662 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9


After nearly an entire morning of sometimes heated debate the other day, the
board overseeing California's $3 billion stem cell research institute took
action. It asked the organization's president to draw up a plan for how to draw
up a strategic plan.

That is the way it has been going lately for the state's closely watched foray
into the frontiers of medical science. More than a year after 59 percent of
Californians approved an ambitious program to harness human embryonic stem cells
to treat diseases, not a single dollar has yet been spent on research.

Instead, the effort has been hobbled by litigation that has kept the project
from raising money. It has been second-guessed by public interest groups and
legislators. And it has been consumed by the bureaucratic minutiae required to
set up rules for administering grants. While much progress has been made, the
delays and sheer magnitude of the work involved have frustrated even some of the
project's champions.

''I liken it to the Iraq thinking -- we won the war and didn't know what to do
afterward,'' said Paul Berg, a Nobel laureate from Stanford University who fills
in on the institute's board when Stanford's medical school dean cannot attend.

What happens in California matters to the nation because the $3 billion to be
spent on mainly embryonic stem cell research -- $300 million annually for 10
years -- is expected to dwarf funding from the federal government and from any
other state.

Whether stem cells fulfill their potential for medical breakthroughs, and
whether the United States can stay competitive in a new branch of biotechnology,
could depend on California. And California's experience could serve as an
example of what to do -- or what to avoid -- for other states trying to set up
stem cell programs. Those include Connecticut, Illinois and New Jersey. And in
Florida, an effort is under way to promote a ballot initiative.

To be sure the task at hand, often likened to setting up a state version of the
National Institutes of Health, is formidable. And many of the rules and
committees needed are now in place. Ultimately, backers of the effort say, a
delay of half a year or even a year in a long-term scientific endeavor would not
make much difference.

''I have a mentor whose slogan is 'nothing great is easy,' and I think about
that all the time,'' said Joan Samuelson.

She is a member of the institute's board and an advocate for people with
Parkinson's disease, a condition that she has and which is seen as a promising
target for stem cell therapy. ''Anything so important and so public is going to
have a Greek chorus -- the naysayers, whiners and complainers. We just have to
stay the course.''

Still, there is a danger of a taxpayer revolt if promises made during the
campaign in 2004 and in the immediate afterglow of the ballot victory are not
upheld. Leaders of the initiative said then that they hoped to begin awarding
the first research grants as early as last May. The project leaders are also
backpedaling somewhat on projections made during the campaign that the state
would reap sizable royalties from discoveries made with taxpayer money.

''They are engaged in expectation management, both financial and scientific,''
said Jesse Reynolds of the nonprofit Center for Genetics and Society, which
supports stem cell research but has been a frequent critic of the California
institute.

The delays could also threaten the allure of California as a magnet for stem
cell scientists. A husband-wife team of geneticists from the National Cancer
Institute recently decided to move to Singapore instead of Stanford because of
the uncertainty surrounding the stem cell program, a decision first reported by
The San Jose Mercury News.

Several scientists in California and elsewhere said in interviews that the state
was still attractive, though perhaps a bit less than before.

The stem cell initiative, Proposition 71, was an effort to circumvent federal
restrictions on research involving human embryonic stem cells.

The cells can turn into any type of cell in the body. That means stem cells
might one day be used to generate replacement tissue for damaged organs and
treat numerous diseases. But the science is ethically controversial because the
creation of stem cells involves the destruction of human embryos.

Proposition 71 set up the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine,
governed by a 29-member board. Members, appointed by state officials, are
largely patient advocates and the deans or presidents of California universities
and research institutes.

The initiative was written to shield the institute from interference by the
Legislature, in hopes of speeding its work. But that approach has not totally
worked and, in fact, might have left the stem cell program vulnerable to legal
challenges.

Two lawsuits, although filed by lawyers opposed to embryonic stem cell research
on ethical grounds, challenge the legality of Proposition 71, contending that it
allows state money to be spent by people not adequately under state control.

A trial, in a state court, is set to begin Feb. 27. Until the litigation is
resolved, which could take many months, the state will not issue any of the $3
billion in bonds to pay for research.

So far the institute has been subsisting on a $3 million loan from the state and
a $5 million gift from the audio entrepreneur Ray Dolby. But that money will run
out in May and the institute, which has 19 employees, has frozen hiring.

Robert N. Klein, the chairman of the institute's board and chief author of
Proposition 71, denied that the institute's structure left it vulnerable. ''They
would have challenged us regardless of how we would have written it,'' he said.

Mr. Klein, a real estate developer whose son has diabetes, said he hoped to
raise as much as $50 million in bridge financing early next year from charities
and wealthy individuals. The money would allow for grants, first to train
scientists in stem cell techniques and then perhaps for actual medical research.

Some California legislators and public interest groups that favor stem cell
research have also criticized the institute, saying it has built-in potential
for conflict of interest because some board members are from universities that
could receive grants.

Critics also say the institute's activities have not been adequately open to
public scrutiny. The board and various board committees have held more than 50
public meetings so far, and many have been sparsely attended.

At the meeting held this past Tuesday at the City of Hope medical center in
Duarte, east of Los Angeles, the board members outnumbered members of the
public.

The meeting's major topic -- one of the final issues to be ironed out before
grants can be awarded -- was how to handle patents arising from research paid
for by the state. A study commissioned by backers of Proposition 71 during the
campaign had projected the state could earn royalties of $537 million to $1.1
billion in the next 35 years.

But a commission that the legislature asked to examine patent issues reported in
August that such projections were ''based on unrealistic assumptions about the
potential economic impact'' of the stem cell program.

Also dashing some prospects for royalties is a concern that if the state
received too much in royalties it might be required under federal rules to issue
taxable bonds instead of tax-exempt ones. That could raise the state's interest
costs by several hundred million dollars during the next 30 years.

Mr. Klein said royalties were never expected to be a major part of the economic
return from stem cell research. That return, he said, would instead come from
the growth of the California biotechnology industry and from lower medical costs
resulting from stem cell therapies.

At Tuesday's meeting board members agreed on an interim policy: let universities
and other grant recipients own the patents developed from their research
financed by the stem cell program and license them to companies. That would be
in accord with federal policy under the Bayh-Dole Act.

But some board members, as well as state legislators, have said there was a
promise to voters that the state would get a direct financial return and that
treatments developed with taxpayer money would be made affordable to
Californians. Others countered that requirements for royalties to the state or
restrictions on pricing of therapies could discourage companies from developing
treatments.

The interim policy calls for universities to share the proceeds from highly
lucrative patents with the state in some still unspecified way.

Another item on Tuesday's agenda was a proposal to appoint a 14-member committee
to develop a strategic plan for the institute.

Some of the academic members of the panel revolted, saying the plan should be
developed by the institute's president, in consultation with individual board
members. A board's job, they said, is just to approve or amend what the staff
does.

This stance seems to reflect a sense on the part of some of the university
presidents and deans that the monthly all-day board meetings, plus extra
meetings if they are on committees, are more time-consuming than they had
imagined.

But some patient advocates on the board said they wanted to be directly involved
in developing the strategic plan. And Mr. Klein said a formal committee was
probably necessary because it might violate the state's open-meeting law for the
president to consult privately with too many board members.

The board decided the president, Zach W. Hall, should come up with a plan for
developing the strategic plan, including how he would involve the board. Mr.
Berg of Stanford objected, saying that if every plan first needed a plan on how
to develop the plan ''you guys are going to be just strangled.''

The question of whether there will be a strategic planning committee was left
for a future meeting.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Embryonic stem cells might one day be used to generate
replacement tissue for damaged organs and treat numerous diseases. (Photo by
Jamie Rector for The New York Times)(pg. C1): Rudy Gonzales does research on
human embryonic stem cells at the Burnham Institute in La Jolla, Calif. (Photo
by Sandy Huffaker/Getty Images)(pg. C4)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              744 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Chambersburg Public Opinion (Pennsylvania)

                            April 12, 2008 Saturday

Special commentary: 33rd Senate candidate Cresswell speaks out

BYLINE: Public Opinion Online

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 625 words


Editor's note: Candidates for state Sen. Terry Punt's 33rd District seat
recently submitted essays to explain in their own words why they're qualified
for the job.

Cathy Cresswell

"My name is Cathy Cresswell and I live in Buchanan Valley next to our beautiful
Micheaux State Forest. I have 32 years of private industry and public sector
work.

I began my career with the Federal Reserve, where I was a financial analyst and
bank examiner. After eight years with the Federal Reserve, I moved on to work in
the banking field where I spent 12 years in finance and accounting. My most
recent position was with Unitas Bank in Chambersburg, where I held the position
of vice president and controller. In this capacity, I was responsible for all
regulatory and financial reporting, as well as chairing the management budget
and cost control committees.

In 1996, Adams County asked me to join them as President of their economic
development corporation. My charge there was to build the first ever business
park and serve the needs of the business community by acting as the conduit for
state loan and grant programs. There were many successes in this position as I
led the process of purchasing the land, developing the plans, implementing the
infrastructure development, and marketing the Adams Commerce Center. I worked
hand-in-hand with the legislative and administrative state offices to procure
the needed matching funds to accomplish these tasks. Today, all but a handful of
the lots have been sold, but more importantly are the jobs and community wealth
that will be here for generations to come. The anchor project, Pella Windows and
Doors, now employs over 500 people living in Franklin, Adams and York counties.

In 2003, state Sen. Terry Punt asked me to come to Harrisburg to be the
executive director of the Community and Economic Development Committee. In this
capacity, I provide research, legislative drafting of bills and amendments,
analysis, and industry perspective. I conduct analysis and prepare
recommendations on budget allocations. I am a team member in initiatives which
have economic impact statewide. The Senate Republican Caucus relies upon me as
staff representative in various economic development authorities and councils.
In 2006, the Committee was moved to Sen. Jane Earll, where oversight of the new
gaming industry was added, which brought about additional responsibility and
staffing under me. I have witnessed a changing of the guard to a new Senate
leadership that is reform-conscious and willing to say NO to proposed tax
increases.

I am taking a leave of absence from my profession to give the voters of the 33rd
District the choice to elect a capable, knowledgeable individual who has
experience you can rely upon and trust to act in your best interest.

Let's talk about issues. I hold traditional Republican values, as I have been a
lifelong Republican. I believe in reform, not only in the legislature but across
statewide offices including the governor's.

I will not take the perks of having a vehicle on your tax dollar, mileage
expense or per diem. I am currently vested in the pension and it is the only one
I have, so I would remain in it and continue to contribute to it myself. I am
pro-life and a Christian. I will uphold the 2nd Amendment rights.

My campaign has been built on issues -- reducing the cost and size of state
government, reforming property tax by direct connection to a consumer based tax,
advocating for family sustaining jobs while protecting the character of our
region, and working for our fair share of the state funds for education.

I ask you to compare the experience and readiness of the candidates to take on
this great responsibility. Experience makes the difference, experience you can
trust."

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                            October 10, 2011 Monday

Are regional development agencies a waste of money?

BYLINE: Niels Veldhuis and Charles Lammam Commentary

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 888  words


With the continuing fragile state of the global economy, Finance Minister Jim
Flaherty's plan to balance the budget is looking ever more shaky. To stay on
course, the finance minister will need to chop government spending, and one area
that's ripe for cutting is regional development spending.

Since establishing the first of two region-specific development agencies in
1987-88, the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency and Western Economic
Diversification, the number of agencies and amount spent by the federal
government on regional development has increased significantly.

In 2010/11, the federal government distributed almost $2 billion through its
main regional initiatives: Federal Economic Development Agency for Southern
Ontario ($507 million), Canada Economic Development for the Regions of Quebec
($463 million), Western Economic Diversification ($429 million), Atlantic Canada
Opportunities Agency ($382 million), Northern Ontario Development Program ($61
million), and Canadian Northern Economic Development Agency ($61 million).

While these regional development schemes share common goals like encouraging
economic growth in flagging communities and regions with few employment
opportunities, they have historically had little, if any, positive net economic
impact.

All federal regional development agencies focus on providing subsidies to
businesses through repayable contributions or "loans" (often not paid back) and
non-repayable contributions. In 2009-10, subsidies to businesses and other
organizations made up 65 per cent of Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency's
spending, 54 per cent of Western Economic Diversification spending and 62 per
cent of Canada Economic Development for the Regions of Quebec spending.

The justification for these subsidies is that capital from the private sector is
unavailable, either because entrepreneurs are unaware of the opportunities in
these areas or unwilling to take the risk. The reality, however, is that in many
cases, loans and non-repayable subsidies are provided to businesses to fund
investments that would have proceeded without involuntary taxpayer-financed
assistance.

Also troubling is the fact that businesses receiving federal subsidies bid up
the price of labour, capital and other resources, which increases the cost of
these factors for non-subsidized businesses and ultimately reduces private
investment.

The poor track record of business subsidies spurring economic growth is well
documented. For instance, in a wide-ranging audit of regional development
initiatives, Canada's Auditor-General found that most programs had objectives
stated in general terms rather than specific, measurable goals. And despite the
billions spent on economic development programs, there was no clear consensus on
results.

The Auditor-General has also confirmed that government regional subsidies
displace existing businesses. In one case, the federal government sponsored the
construction of a new fish plant in Quebec at a cost of $2.2 million. The plant
was built near an established, already operating fish plant, which also received
federal subsidies. More than 250 jobs were to be created by the construction of
the new plant, but this job creation was offset by the closure of the
established plant with as many employees.

In the case of the federal government's regional development projects in Quebec,
the Auditor-General noted how Ottawa's own evaluators of those projects could
not determine if those programs were of any benefit and noted 30 per cent of
projects that received financial aid would have gone ahead without government
assistance.

In a review of the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency, the Auditor-General
uncovered a finding of considerable concern: the agency apparently did not
consider the net economic benefit to the region of nearly a quarter of all its
projects.

At Western Economic Diversification, the Auditor-General concluded that
monitoring of projects was poor, that incomplete information existed on the
success rate of projects, and there were frequent accounts of beneficiaries
making multiple applications and receiving multiple grants for the same
projects. Indeed, 50 per cent of more than 100 cases studied had received
multiple funding. Additionally, a third of projects in a major program
administered by Western Economic Diversification failed to meet objectives,
while another third produced inconclusive results.

Finally, a subsequent review of the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency found
that more than 20 per cent of projects reviewed were deemed unlikely to be
financially sustainable in the future without on-going government assistance.
Meanwhile, recipients of the Agency's Business Development Program repaid only
$78 million (or 17 per cent) of $460 million in repayable contributions.

Rather than use taxpayer money for regional development initiatives that have a
history of questionable benefit, the government should focus on creating the
right economic environment for all businesses to succeed through lower taxes,
minimal red tape, prudent government finances, and the maintenance of adequate
infrastructure.

With a potential $8 billion in savings over the next four years, it's time the
federal government cut regional development spending.

Niels Veldhuis and Charles Lammam are economists with the Fraser Institute.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2011 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

At Sandia, Los Alamos national labs, cultivating economic growth for New Mexico

BYLINE: Bruce Krasnow, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 898 words


March 15--When U.S. Rep. Michelle Lujan Grisham met with White House officials
about the pace of business growth coming from New Mexico's national labs, she
said they called her "pushy."

"I said, 'right on,' " said Lujan, D-New M exico, who represents the Albuquerque
area in the U.S. House of Representatives. "Sandia and the labs have a role in
changing the economic climate in New Mexico."

That role was front and center during a technology transfer showcase last week
at Sandia National Laboratories' Center for Global Security & Cooperation.

At Thursday's event, Lujan not only got a chance to see some of the enterprises
coming to fruition with cooperation from both Sandia and Los Alamos National
Laboratory, but talk with top managers at the Department of Energy about how to
do it better.

Lujan said she participated in a roundtable with Elizabeth Sherwood-Randall,
deputy secretary at the Department of Energy; Madelyn Creedon, deputy
administrator at the National Nuclear Security Administration; and Jackie Kerby
Moore, the head of technology and economic development at Sandia, among others.

One result from the meeting was a commitment to assess how to capture more
economic growth from the labs and see if there is anything they can do better.

Lujan said she understands that despite some progress, "the economic growth here
has not materialized" and believes the labs can bring hundreds of jobs to the
state through technology transfer and other initiatives such as mentoring and
expanded grant making.

For her part, Moore said Sandia wants to make sure businesses know more about
what the labs have to offer and have adequate access to its experts. Sandia,
which has a focus on national security and energy technology, has 10,000
employees.

Though both LANL and Sandia are largely funded with taxpayer money, both are
managed by private corporations. For Sandia, that is Lockheed Martin, while for
Los Alamos it is a consortium led by Bechtel and the University of California.
The management contracts for both entities are set to be renegotiated in the
next two years. Lockheed is under an extension to manage Sandia until April
2017. The contract for Bechtel and its partnership, Los Alamos National
Security, ends Sept. 30, 2017, but an extension is possible.

While the Sandia contract details have been published, the LANL decision to go
out for a bid was made in December.

One way Sandia is getting its technology transfer message out is with a new
interactive map that highlights the partnerships state by state. Sandia has
already signed some 5,000 partnership agreements in the past five years for
developing some of its own technology or for helping others.

Pete Atherton, manager of industrial partnerships at Sandia, said the map was
created because even those who work at Sandia don't realize the extent of its
network.

"People often ask how many industrial partners we work with, and when I ask them
to guess, I hear 20, 30, 40. Actually, in 2014 we worked with 830 unique
industrial partners," Atherton said in a Sandia statement. "The map takes it
further to other types of partnerships. We wanted to tell the full Sandia story.
This shows how much collaboration and technology transfer is really going on,
and it doesn't include the labs' many global partners. That would be an even
bigger picture."

One of the businesses presenting last week was the Santa Fe-based SportXast,
developed by Molly Cernicek, who used crowd-sourcing software to allow high
schools and other sports teams to share videos.

The machine-learning component of the program enables a specific team jersey to
be captured so highlights from that player can be called up -- no more editing
to find that exact moment. That piece of video can then be archived to share
with relatives or sent to recruiters.

She already has interest from some big soccer clubs who would not only use the
program themselves but have each player create their own channel with individual
highlights.

The business launched with a grant from Los Alamos National Laboratory. She now
has five employees and is looking to hire two more technicians with a background
in computer vision.

Robby Roberson, president of R3 Technologies, is using technical assistance from
Sandia to bring to market a suicide bomb detection device.

But the device was problematic and unable to differentiate nuisance signals from
real threats, especially through fog and rain. It wasn't until Sandia scientist
JR Russell studied the noise surrounding the radar signal that they were able to
find a breakthrough for a product that is now close to coming to market.

A third firm at the showcase, iBeam Materials Inc. of Santa Fe and its founder,
Vladimir Matais, has been selected to partner with Sandia to develop new LED
products that will help advance clean energy. The firm is one of 33 small
businesses nationwide that will receive funding under the Department of Energy's
new Small Business Vouchers pilot. The award includes $225,000 for technical
assistance.

Contact Bruce Krasnow at brucek@sfnewmexican.com

On the Web

--Sandia Labs partnerships map: www.sandia.gov/partnerships_reach

--Sandia Labs economic impact report: www.sandia.gov/working_with_sandia/
economic_impact/index.html

___ (c)2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160315-SF-At-Sandia-Los-Alamos-national-labs-cultivating-economic-growth-for-N
ew-Mexico-0315-20160315

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              747 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                McCreary County Record (Whitley City, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 3, 2012 Tuesday

The Learning Curve

BYLINE: Janie Slaven, McCreary County Record, Whitley City, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 761 words


Jan. 03--WHITLEY CITY --  As he wraps up his first year in office, McCreary
County Judge-Executive Doug Stephens shares his goals for 2012.

At the top of the list is the implementation of his community development plan.

Stephens started his administration last January with a bold vision to revamp
the county's office of economic development. While his recommendation to abolish
the position of economic development director until a new job description could
be established was approved by the new fiscal court, it resulted in the
resignations of two members of the county industrial authority. With most other
terms expired, the board itself was ultimately dissolved.

By March the judge had unveiled a general plan to relaunch the board with
representatives from several groups besides industrial recruitment and the
search for a new economic director got underway. But before the first interview
could be conducted, the objective was abandoned due to concerns over the
selection process.

Since last spring, attention from economic development has been diverted as
county officials contended with matters such as the budget, Ten Commandments
debt and recycling launch. In that time, Judge Stephens has continued to refine
the plan into a community development initiative while waiting for the right
time to implement it.

This month the judge plans to meet with officials from the Kentucky Department
for Local Government (DLG) to discuss all of the county's boards. Stephens told
the Record that auditors have expressed a desire for the county's sub-entities
to be operated in a more consistent fashion. While some fall clearly under the
fiscal court umbrella, others operate in near autonomy.

"It could take us a month or two to get everything in order," Judge Stephens
said. "I don't want to jump into something that would need to be redone."

That said, Stephens envisions an organization that invests as much if not more
into local projects as trying to attract outside industry.

One goal is to expand the revolving loan program -- which managed to advance
$216,000 to four small businesses in the past year despite the overall economic
project being in limbo -- into a $500,000-per-year lender.

The administration would also like to increase the economic impact of tourism --
roughly $6 million per year -- by 10 percent within three years. Tourism
officials are already working on a  marketing/development plan.

One proposed project which could perfectly bridge opportunities for small
business and tourism is the development of off-road trails in the southern part
of the county. The idea actually stems from an unsuccessful endeavor earlier in
the year.

With support from the local ATV/OHV club, the county had applied for a $100,000
grant from the Kentucky Recreational Trails Program to rehabilitate five public
roads designated for off-road vehicles. However, county officials were recently
informed grant funds are not available for multi-use roads/trails. If the county
can work with private landowners, the intent is to reapply for $100,000 during
the next grant cycle this spring.

Speaking of grants, Stephens also noted plans to expand the new recycling
program by applying for more grant funding.

County officials are still in the process of establishing facilities which will
be publicly accessible but the administration is encouraged by the number of
businesses to step forward seeking to participate in the program.

The recycling crew recently sent out 44 bales of cardboard, and the center got a
huge boost from Grundy's Iron & Metal. The company's owner, Eddie Grundy,
donated three truck loads of loose plastic as well as 20 bales. He told the
Record he stays so busy with scrap metal that he is glad the county has begun to
recycle other materials.

While he is hoping for a mild winter, Judge Stephens added that the county will
be better prepared compared to last year. When he took office in January 2011,
the weather was such that the county road department was out of salt three weeks
into Stephens administration.

In response, fiscal court authorized the purchase of a $46,000 ton-truck
equipped with a spreader as well as the construction of a four-bay barn to house
increased stores  of salt, gravel and sand.

"We've had to put out some fires this year and we may not have accomplished all
that we would have liked," Stephens said, "but I think we've still accomplished
quite a bit."

___ (c)2012 the McCreary County Record (Whitley City, Ky.) Visit the McCreary
County Record (Whitley City, Ky.) at mccrearyrecord.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120103-RK-The-Learning-Curve-0103-20120103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RK


                     Copyright 2012 McCreary County Record


                              748 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday
                            PITTSBURGH PRESS EDITION

SECTION: LOCAL; LOCAL AT A GLANCE; Pg. A-13

LENGTH: 565 words



b>AMERICAN EAGLE NAMES NEW CEO

/b>

American Eagle Outfitters said its next CEO will be Levi's executive Robert
Hanson, who will take on the job at the end of January.

Mr. Hanson, 48, succeeds James O'Donnell, whose retirement was announced in
March.

Chairman Jay Schottenstein said Mr. Hanson brings merchandising, marketing and
operational skills to American Eagle, which has been hurt by fashion missteps
and the deep-discounting initiatives of its rivals.

b> GIANT EAGLE'S NEW CEO WILL SUCCEED HER FATHER

/b>

Giant Eagle, the region's dominant grocer, announced this morning a shift in top
management to the next generation.

Laura Shapira Karet, 42, has been named CEO, effective Jan. 9, succeeding her
father, David Shapira, who has been CEO since 1980 and will now serve as
executive chairman of the privately owned O'Hara company's board.

Ms. Karet, who worked at Procter Gamble as well as at Sara Lee, came into the
business in 2000 as vice president of marketing. Her most recent position has
been senior executive vice president and chief strategy officer.

b> LIGHT UP NIGHT BROUGHT IN $21.3 MILLION LAST YEAR

/b>

The Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership celebrated the season today with news that
last year's Light Up Night weekend generated $21.3 million for Downtown
businesses.

The figure is the result of an economic impact study commissioned by the PDP.

Police said 850,000 people came Downtown for the two-day event, which has grown
to become one of the largest in the country. .

The study showed Downtown businesses boomed. Hotels were at more than 80 percent
of occupancy, restaurants were at capacity, and attractions such as the Carnegie
Science Center's sleepover and Gateway Clipper cruises were sold out.

b> PHIPPS GETS GRANT IN HONOR OF PATTI BURNS

/b>

Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens was awarded a grant today to honor
Patti Burns, the late KDKA-TV anchor.

The grant is the beginning of an endowment that will fund annual awards given to
high school and graduate students working in Phipps' education and research
programs. Ms. Burns' former husband, Charles C. Cohen, presented the grant at a
10:30 a.m. ceremony. He is chairman of the law firm Cohen Grigsby and a visiting
professor at the University of Pittsburgh law school.

Ms. Burns, who died of lung cancer in October 2001, was on the air from 1974 to
1997, joining her father, Bill Burns, as co-anchor.

b> MAN CONVICTED OF RUNNING OVER WIFE

/b>

UNIONTOWN, Pa. -- A man has been convicted of third-degree murder in the death
of his wife, who was run over by his car two years ago.

Jurors in Fayette County deliberated for about six hours Tuesday before reaching
their verdict in the case against 47-year-old Ronald Higinbotham of Brownsville.

Authorities alleged that Mr. Higinbotham aimed his car at 30-year-old Carmen
Higinbotham on Route 40 in Menallen after an argument in June 2009.

b> HOUSE OKS OVERHAUL OF PA. CHARITY GAMBLING LAW

/b>

HARRISBURG -- A bill to overhaul laws governing bingo and other small games of
chance sponsored by charity groups and fraternal organizations has strong
support in the state House of Representatives.

The House voted 184-12 Tuesday night to approve the bill and send it to the
Senate.

The proposal would increase the maximum prize payouts. For example, the limit
for daily drawings would be increased from $500 to $1,000 and the limit for
weekly drawings would be lifted from $5,000 to $30,000.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              749 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                     October 3, 2012 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Albany Medical Center: NY Cap Research Alliance Announces Grants to Fund
Biomedical Research

LENGTH: 1180  words


New Delhi, Oct. 3 -- $745,000 Awarded to Fund 10 Research Projects through new
alliance, a Capital Region Economic Development Council priority project

A newly created alliance to foster biomedical research among the Capital
Region's leading academic research institutions today announced its first
grants: 10 awards totaling $745,000.



The presidents of the institutions presented the awards, funded through the NY
Cap Research Alliance, which was established with $950,000 in state funds as
part of Governor Andrew M. Cuomo's Regional Council initiative. Information on
the Alliance can be found at www.nycapresearchalliance.org.

Presidents James J. Barba of Albany Medical Center, Shirley Ann Jackson, Ph.D.,
of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and George M. Philip of the University at
Albany formed the Research Alliance. The Alliance is a first-round Capital
Region Economic Development Council (CREDC) priority project. Each research
project selected by the Alliance involves collaboration among scientists from at
least two of the three institutions to advance biomedical research with
potential for commercialization.

"We have long recognized the complementary nature of research underway at our
campuses and the clear potential to enhance the competitiveness for federal and
private funding by combining talents. These grants are the first step toward
demonstrating what we can accomplish together, and eventually will provide the
platform to receive additional funding, develop new businesses and create more
jobs within our region," said Mr. Barba, noting that the Alliance has plans to
increase membership beyond the founding institutions.

There were 33 applications for seed project funding in response to a request for
proposals from the Alliance; they were ranked by an independent scientific
evaluation organization and met the criteria, including the requirement that
research involve investigators from two or more of the founding institutions.

"Biomedical research targets the cures for disease. Breakthroughs can have
tremendous human and economic impact locally, nationally and globally," said Dr.
Jackson, who serves as the Co-chair of the Capital Region Economic Development
Council. "By combining our strengths, focusing our resources and leveraging our
assets, the NY Cap Research Alliance will accelerate the potential for
scientific discoveries and innovations in health care, and expedite their
pathway into the marketplace. This is an important investment in the region's
health and economic future."

"Public-private partnerships have been identified as a key element to advancing
the missions of the State University system," said Mr. Philip. "I am proud that
our campus can provide such a strong example."

"Strengthening our Economic Ecosystem is a primary goal of our region's
strategic roadmap, and the Research Alliance is a perfect example of a central
theme within the plan-collaboration," said Michael J. Castellana, President and
CEO of SEFCU and CREDC Co-chair. "While job creation is important to our region,
this initiative will advance research that will help to improve health care,
reduce costs and potentially save lives," Castellana added.

The projects to be funded focus on many of today's most pressing health
challenges, such as Alzheimer's disease and cancer, and investigating other
neurodegenerative diseases and regenerative medicine.

They include:

* $85,000 to pursue a new drug for the prevention of neuropathic pain. This
project brings together the expertise of researchers Philip Albrecht, Ph.D., and
Frank Rice, Ph.D., from Albany Medical College, and Sridar Chittur, Ph.D., from
UAlbany.

* $85,000 to pursue novel treatments for Alzheimer's Disease. This project
brings together the expertise of researchers Peter Tessier, Ph.D., from
Rensselaer; Ewan McNay, Ph.D., from UAlbany; and Earl Zimmerman, M.D., from
Albany Medical College.

* $85,000 to pursue a fast and effective way to diagnose Alzheimer's Disease and
differentiate it from other forms of dementia. This project brings together the
expertise of researchers Igor Lednev, Ph.D., from UAlbany, and Earl Zimmerman,
M.D., from Albany Medical College.

* $85,000 for specialized tissue engineering. This project brings together the
expertise of researchers Peter Vincent, Ph.D., from Albany Medical College, and
Guohao Dai, Ph.D., from Rensselaer.

* $80,000 to develop a sensor for the early detection of Alzheimer's Disease.
This project brings together the expertise of researchers Paul Agris, Ph.D.,
Marlene Belfort, Ph.D., and Hua Shi, Ph.D., all from UAlbany; Georges Belfort,
Ph.D., from Rensselaer; and Earl Zimmerman, M.D., from Albany Medical College.

* $75,000 to develop smart bandages for healing wounds. This project brings
together the expertise of researchers Shiva Prasad Kotha, Ph.D., from
Rensselaer, and Nadine Hempel, Ph.D., from UAlbany.

* $75,000 to develop a novel implantable sensor for use in orthopedics and
neurosurgery. This project brings together the expertise of researchers Eric
Ledet, Ph.D., and Kenneth Connor, Ph.D., both from Rensselaer; Richard Uhl,
M.D., and Darryl DiRisio, M.D., both from Albany Medical College: and Nathaniel
Cady, Ph.D., from UAlbany.

* $75,000 to pursue specialized tissue engineering. This project brings together
the expertise of researchers Melinda Larsen, Ph.D., from UAlbany; Livingston Van
De Water, Ph.D., from Albany Medical College; and David Corr, Ph.D., from
Rensselaer.

* $50,000 to develop sensors to differentiate forms of prostate cancer. This
project brings together the expertise of researchers Martin Tenniswood, Ph.D.,
from UAlbany; Jeffrey Ross, M.D., and Hugh Fisher, M.D., both from Albany
Medical College.

* $50,000 to develop a method to control colon cancer through use of vitamins.
This project brings together the expertise of researchers JoEllen Welsh, Ph.D.,
from UAlbany, and Timothy Sellati, Ph.D., from Albany Medical College.

Read more about the funded projects at
http://www.nycapresearchalliance.org/research.

Last year, a total of $785 million was awarded through the Consolidated Funding
Application (CFA) for job creation and community development projects consistent
with each region's strategic plans. The Capital Region was awarded $62.7 million
in state support through the Regional Economic Development Council initiative
and CFA process for some 88 projects across the region. The NY Cap Research
Alliance was awarded $950,000 from Empire State Development (ESD) as part of
that process.

"The creation of the NY Cap Research Alliance is exactly the type of project
Governor Cuomo envisioned the Regional Council initiative would spur-a community
based, collaborative effort that will grow business and create jobs in one of
the region's emerging industries," said ESD President, CEO & Commissioner
Kenneth Adams. "I applaud the Council for its support of this innovative project
and the participants, who have successfully leveraged state resources to form a
partnership that will no doubt provide for new economic opportunity in the
Capital Region as a 21st century high-tech leader."

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                           February 1, 2003 Saturday

Interview with director of Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center

BYLINE: Nancy Kercheval

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1780 words


Billions of dollars are coming into Maryland as part of the tobacco settlement.
Among the recipients of millions of dollars in funds is Johns Hopkins which
receives a share of the cigarette restitution fund for cancer research. But Dr.
Martin Abeloff, director of the Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center at Hopkins, is
concerned that some of the money could be diverted this year to fight the fiscal
crisis. Some states have even chosen to securitize the funds, selling off the
total for a fraction of the cost to obtain instant money. Abeloff has his work
cut out for him as he prepares to go to Annapolis to save the cancer center's
slice of the restitution pie.

What is Johns Hopkins' role in the cigarette restitution fund?

We're currently in the third year of the research component of the cigarette
restitution fund support. In the first year we received $2.25 million for our
research efforts and in the second and third years we have received $3 million
in each year. So that means at the completion of the third year, which is fiscal
year 2003, we will have received $8.25 million. Now there is a potential to
increase that according to the original plan to $15 million a year for research
over the remaining seven years of this planned research program.

But that is not guaranteed?

It is not guaranteed. And in fact every year this is reviewed by the legislature
and we have presented frequently in Annapolis and described, of course, what our
goals were and then each year we update on what progress has been made.

How significant is this contribution to the cancer research at Hopkins?

It is extraordinarily significant and it is particularly significant in allowing
us to focus specifically on the problems that relate to Maryland and the
underserved communities and to stimulate faculty to become interested in these
very specific problems directly in our region. So these funds are absolutely
pivotal in what I think is a very exciting state effort to truly do something
significant about the huge problem that cancer represents for our state.

Is the money being directed more toward a cure for cancer or is it being
directed toward community efforts to deal with the existence of cancer?

Well, I want to point out that there is an additional allocation of funds to
both Hopkins and the University of Maryland for a public health program. And
that has been ranging between $1.4 and $2 million per year over the last three
years. And the focus on this is specifically setting up screening, prevention,
and educational programs in the community and is not research.

How prevalent is cancer in Baltimore? Or the state?

Well, let me talk about the state. Let me give you the national figures. In 2002
there are close to 1.3 million new cancer cases in the United States and there
are 550,000 deaths projected. In the state of Maryland there are 23,500 new
cases of cancer and approximately 10,000 deaths so that cancer accounts for 24
percent of all deaths in the state of Maryland. Proportionally the rates are
higher. That is, the incidents and death rates are higher in Baltimore city than
in most of the rest of the state and are among the highest in the country. It's
also estimated that for the state of Maryland the cancer costs range somewhere
between probably about $1.5 and $3 billion a year. So the impact of cancer in
Baltimore City and in our state are profound -- not only in terms of human
suffering and the impact on patients and families and friends and the workplace,
but the economic impact is truly enormous. And I didn't account in those cancer
cases for the other diseases that tobacco causes which obviously then enlarges
both the health, social and economic impact.

Are you concerned about the funding in light of the huge deficit we're facing?

Frankly, I am concerned every year because we do and appropriately have to
defend before the state legislature what we are doing with the money. And I
understand that. These are valuable, precious resources. Of course I am
particularly concerned this year given the deficit that the state faces. But I
must admit I view this as a really important investment in the health and the
quality of life of the citizens of Maryland and an investment in the economic
sense in that as I tried to point out, the economic consequences of cancer in
this state are profound. And actually, going a step further, I am incredibly
excited about the potential of what we can do in Maryland and I think we really
can be a national model for how to approach the cancer problem throughout the
state. In fact, thus far Maryland has been recognized by several national
organizations for the visionary approach that the General Assembly and the
governor have taken in this area.

Moreover, I have found that through the whole process of allocating the
cigarette restitution funds, what the state has essentially done has created a
unique opportunity where there is partnering between the two university research
centers in Baltimore City, the department of Health and Mental Hygiene, the
Baltimore City Health Department, and the counties to put together a really
unified and highly collaborative approach to cancer problems in the state of
Maryland. But I am not saying that stick with this for six more months or a year
and we're going to have the answers and, in fact, Steve Schimpff at the
University of Maryland has come up with a phrase that I think is worthy of
quoting; Steve has described this whole effort as a marathon, not a sprint. And
so I think where we're at is at the beginning of a marathon but at the end can
be enormous benefit for the state of Maryland.

How much are you looking to obtain this year?

The potential is $15 million a year and we certainly would like to be able to
have the full funding as originally planned out and certainly we want to do no
less than maintain what we've had over these recent years.

Still, this is only still a small amount of the $4.4 billion settlement Maryland
is getting, correct?

Absolutely. The $4.4 billion is the total and I think the estimate is roughly $1
billion over this period of time for the health-related initiatives.

Do you think that the state had a moral obligation to put all $4 billion toward
health-related issues?

I actually do think there is a real moral and for that matter a very practical
imperative to invest -- and I'll keep repeating that -- in the health-related
initiatives and the research. This was the basis for taking this action against
the cigarette industry and I think Maryland responded magnificently in coming up
with the plan for allocation of these funds.

All things being positive and getting your $15 million a year for the next seven
years, at the end of the 10-year period, do you have any idea where you might be
or where you would like to be in your research?

Yes, we've been working with the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene and
University of Maryland and other colleagues to define outcomes and clearly you
don't see changes in cancer incidence or mortality over a year or two or three
but it is possible that over the 10-year period we should begin to see that.
And, in fact, let me point out that there has been a change in Maryland's
ranking among states. Maryland was really at the top of the list in having the
worst cancer mortality rates in the country for many years and certainly that
was the case in the late 80s. In the 90s, even before the cigarette restitution
fund, Maryland again, in a highly collaborative program involving the
development of a Maryland cancer plan involving the city and the counties and
the universities began to take a lot of initiatives, and we are still in the
upper tier, but in many categories we may now be down somewhere in the ranking
of 10 to 20 rather than number one or two. So that is a sign already that we've
got a momentum going and some of that occurred before the cigarette restitution
fund. So we will be able to look at data such as incidence and mortality but
we're also going to be able to look at smoking rates.

What happens if the state takes your funding away?

Let me start by saying that is going to be a huge hit. It is going to impact on
what we will be able to do about the problem of cancer in the state of Maryland
without allocating specific resources, a look at this in depth for the first
time and to develop specific interventions for the populations we serve that is
going to be a huge setback. Not only in the research, but frankly in the public
health initiative in the city of Baltimore we've started a significant number of
initiatives and again that is going to be a tremendous blow and going to be
difficult to sustain those initiatives.

Should your funding continue over the next seven years, will it make it easier
to obtain funding to replace it in the 11th year?

That is an excellent point. I've talked about some of the economic implications.
Right now our estimate at Hopkins is that we've already leveraged the funding
that we're getting from the state by a factor and I will acknowledge that these
are rough estimates but by a factor of perhaps 10 to 1. There is no doubt that
our faculty is remarkable in their ability to leverage funds and this is really
good not only for the science and the medicine and the public health, but also
for the economic impact on the state. I said this a number of times before and
I'll say it again because it is true, when we originally testified before the
General Assembly about this whole issue, we basically said we will leverage
these funds. Well, frankly, even sooner than I had anticipated we were fortunate
enough to get the huge gift from Mr. Sidney Kimmel [$150 million] for whom our
cancer center is named. It was not a small thing that in presenting to Sidney
Kimmel and to other donors the fact that the state of Maryland had made this
sort of commitment. That really had impact. So not only will we leverage this
philanthropically, but in getting other grants from the federal government and
foundations, that is one of the outcomes. We will, and we can show very striking
data.

DR. MARTIN ABELOFF

Title: Director of the Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center at Johns Hopkins

Age: 60.

Education: Undergraduate and medical degrees at Johns Hopkins

Residence: Mt. Washington

Family: Married, two children, one granddaughter

Hobbies: Tennis, reading and birding. "There is a wood duck that lives among the
Jones Falls who seems to need a mate. He has been there a long time."

Last book read: Atonement by Ian McEwan

Last movie: Hours

Mentor: Dr. Al Owens, last director of the cancer center

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires


                              751 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

West Virginia: President Gee urges alumni to help fellow Mountaineers 'dream
big' and 'go first' at WVU Capitol Hill luncheon

LENGTH: 1076  words

DATELINE: Charleston


West Virginia University, The state of West Virginia has issued the following
news release:

West Virginia University President Gordon Gee believes the new Mountaineers Go
First campaign is more than just flashy words and fancy advertising: It's a
living, breathing mantra that embodies the boldness of the Mountaineer spirit.
He proved that to a crowd of about 300 at the 37th annual WVU Alumni Luncheon on
Capitol Hill on Tuesday (June 16) with stories of faculty, staff and student
success. Members of the West Virginia's congressional delegation and WVU alumni
and friends in the D.C.-area attend the luncheon every year to reconnect with
the gold-and-blue. Attending this year's luncheon were Sens. Joe Manchin and
Shelley Moore Capito and Congressmen David McKinley. Former Sen. Jay Rockefeller
also attended. The event also provides the University president a platform to
address key issues relevant to WVU. As one example of a Mountaineer "going
first" is Dr. Julie Brefczynski-Lewis. As a college student, Brefczynski-Lewis
wondered about thoughts and memories and how those all rolled around in a
three-pound organ known as the brain. Today, she is a research assistant
professor at the WVU Center for Neuroscience. She is on a team studying the
human brain in motion, using an innovative portable PET scanner as part of a
national BRAIN Initiative, launched by President Obama in 2013, to research
brain disorders. From her work studying the brains of meditating monks,
Brefcyznski-Lewis developed a kindness meditation app that injects serene
stretches into otherwise chaotic lives. "This portable PET scan research
represents a whole new way of thinking - literally," Gee told the audience. "And
new ways of thinking are what we need so desperately today. "Clinging to outworn
ideas and outmoded traditions will not do. So, how can we regain our country's
leadership in innovation? How can we create a vibrant economy for West Virginia?
And how can we continue to reposition West Virginia University as an eminent
land-grant institution?" Gee referenced the ancient Romans as an answer to those
questions - Fortes fortuna adiuvat, meaning "Fortune favors the bold." At WVU,
it is time for bold action, Gee declared. Student success Later in his address,
the president turned his attention to student success and showed a video of a
history-making wildlife and fisheries major. Hannah Clipp this year became the
first WVU student to win both the prestigious Udall and Goldwater scholarships.
"Hannah personifies the American Dream," Gee said. Clipp, who was born in China,
was adopted at 7 months old from a rural orphanage by parents from the Maryland
suburbs. She hopes to someday study mammals and birds for a federal wildlife
agency. She is currently serving a research internship in Seattle with the
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. "I promise you she will
accomplish her goals because she wields rugged determination," Gee said. "She
embodies the Mountaineer spirit to 'Go First.'" Gee asked alumni and friends to
help the University recruit, retain and reinforce more students like Hannah
Clipp. He addressed recent student initiatives, such as the $50 million
scholarship fundraising campaign known as 'Dream First.' "It is crucial that we
drive our students to the doorstep of their dreams," Gee said. In addition to
Dream First, Gee discussed Project 168, students changing the party culture and
engineering students' big win last week at a NASA robotics competition. One WVU
for One WV "As we march into tomorrow with our students' best interests at
heart, we must also march together toward the road that best serves the state of
West Virginia and its citizens," Gee said. He noted that the U.S. Census Bureau
reported this year that West Virginia was losing population faster than any
other state. WVU, being West Virginia's flagship, land-grant university, must
step up to the plate, collaborate with its partners and solve that problem.
Industries have changed. The steel mills, coal mines and factories that once
served as West Virginia's economic backbone are fading away, Gee said. "We must
reinvent what West Virginia is all about," he said. "As a land-grant, research
university, we are on the cusp of an ascension of innovation." Gee believes the
University has taken a solid, first step in purchasing the former Mountain State
University campus in Beckley. Officials plan to have the new WVU Beckley campus
up and running by fall 2016, with programs in the allied health fields,
including nursing, and programs akin to the region such as tourism, outdoor
recreation and hospitality. "It is hoped that the economic impact of the campus
will benefit community businesses and the tax base as the campus enrollment
grows - perhaps as much as several thousand students in a few years, making it
the third or fourth largest campus in the state. "This Beckley acquisition
represents the beginning of a new era of educational access throughout West
Virginia. We are truly dreaming big and going first." 'How do we want to be
remembered?' Gee ended his remarks by borrowing from an idea in David Brooks'
new book, 'The Road to Character.' He asked the audience, "How do we want to be
remembered?" That question is essential to crating the perfect West Virginia and
the perfect University, he said. "It is time for us - one West Virginia
University family - to build that special aura - that intangible essence - that
far exceeds any bullet point on a resume," Gee said. "We shall no longer obsess
over individual success. We shall be remembered for how we entered the lives of
others and lifted them up to reach their full potential." Some $30,000 in
proceeds from the luncheon will be directed to the John F. and Lucy Nicholas
Memorial Scholarship Fund benefiting Washington, D.C. area students attending
WVU and the New Home for Mountaineers Alumni Center Fund. Beneficiaries include
student internships at the Alumni Association, the Association's Loyalty
Permanent Endowment Fund, and the Mountaineer Athletic Club for student-athlete
scholarships from the D.C.-area. This year's event sponsors included Asher
Agency, BDO, First Energy, CONSOL Energy, Hamilton Insurance, The Hill
newspaper, Ellen Goodwin Fundraising Counsel, The Greenbrier and Widmeyer
Communications, a Finn Partners company.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                                 June 16, 2014

Investing in cancer research

LENGTH: 733 words


by Tia Mitchell,

Times/Herald Tallahassee Bureau

TALLAHASSEE - Between Florida's size and its senior population, cancer treatment
is needed here more than in most other states. Yet Florida has only one facility
with the prestigious National Cancer Institute designation: Tampa's Moffitt
Cancer Center.

According to the American Cancer Society, Florida ranks second in the nation in
cancer incidence and mortality, but 15th in NCI grant funding.

That could change under a proposal backed by Gov. Rick Scott and approved by the
Legislature to spend $300 million over the next five years helping cancer
centers at the University of Miami and University of Florida get NCI's stamp of
approval. Moffitt will get the largest share of the money to help it grow and
improve.

"There's unfortunately so much cancer in the state that even if we wanted to, we
couldn't take care of everybody," Moffitt director and executive vice president
Thomas Sellers said.

NCI, a division of the National Institutes of Health, gives varying designations
to 68 cancer centers that pass a rigorous evaluation process. The title isn't
just an honor - with it comes special access to grants and clinical trials.

New York has six NCI centers and Texas has four. California leads the pack at
10. Even North Carolina, with half the population of Florida, has three.

Backers of the bill, which awaits Scott's signature, want Miami's Sylvester
Comprehensive Cancer Center and the UF Health Cancer Center to join 41 others,
including Moffitt, at the highest NCI designation, "comprehensive cancer
centers."

Proponents say that there is one comprehensive NCI center for every 7 or 8
million Americans. Florida, with nearly 20 million residents, should by that
calculation have three centers with the resources and tools to tackle the
toughest forms of cancer.

"We must continue to work to ensure that Florida families have access to
world-class treatment without having to leave our state," Scott said in a
statement Friday. He is expected to hold a public event shortly to celebrate one
of his priorities becoming law.

As Scott, a former hospital executive, seeks re-election, cancer funding has
become one of his go-to topics. In 2013, he promoted a state Cancer Centers of
Excellence program to identify top-level centers and give them priority for
state-based research funding. That initiative attracted criticism by those who
wondered what patients would make of the state imprimatur. Five centers have
applied, but no designation has yet been awarded.

The Legislature also allocated an extra $10 million last year for Sylvester,
Moffitt and UF to recruit top researchers to their cancer centers.

Because of the programs established last year, Senate President Don Gaetz was
initially wary of the new NCI program and its $60 million price tag. Although he
supported the idea, he preferred giving the 2013 initiatives time to take hold.

Gaetz is traveling out of the country and could not be reached for comment.

Moffitt will receive the largest share of the initial $60 million, about $26
million. It will use the money to hire more researchers, particularly in the
field of immunology, harnessing the immune system to help patients fight cancer.

Moffitt also gets other types of state funding. Its total of about $54 million
in 2014-15 is a huge jump from the $32 million it received last year. Other
state dollars help pay for construction projects, research and education
programs.

The UF center stands to receive about $18 million to start its five-year effort
to gain NCI recognition. Because of its Proton Therapy Institute in Jacksonville
and partnership with Orlando Health, UF believes it can make a strong case for
how NCI designation would benefit a large swath of Florida.

Miami's Sylvester, which will get $16 million from the new state program, was
once an NCI-designated center but failed reaccreditation standards. Its leaders
think they can regain the title in three years.

A study commissioned by the University of Miami determined that ripple effects
from an NCI designation would create a $1.7 billion economic impact by the year
2020.

"This city is booming, the population is increasing, the level of sophistication
is increasing and we need to be here for the people of South Florida," Sylvester
director Stephen Nimer said.

Tia Mitchell can be reached at tmitchell@tampabay.com or (850) 224-7263.

breaking-news, top-news, news-nav

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Bo'ness Journal

                            August 30, 2012 Thursday

Council cash to kick-start BID projects

LENGTH: 492  words


A BID to boost footfall and increase business opportunities in Queensferry has
led to the town being given a £20,000 cash injection.

Funding from the city council's economic development department was presented to
Queensferry Ambition this week to help kickstart a range of projects it has
planned for the area over the next five years.

The grant is in recognition of the council's continued support for Queensferry
becoming a Business Improvement District (BID).

The cash will be used fund a "Mi Queensferry" website and a Smartphone app which
will list all local businesses, highlight up and coming events and give details
of business promotions and special offers.

As previously reported in the Queensferry Gazette, work has already begun to
engage with visiting cruise liners to ensure passengers know they have arrived
in Queensferry and that they recognise all that the town has to offer.

Another project will include working on welcome banners and information signs,
which are currently lacking in the area, while a business grant support system
is well underway.

While Queensferry Ambition is business focused, it also recognises the
importance of the local community and its involvement in Queensferry.

To this end, it is launching a "What needs to be improved in Queensferry?"
survey in which local business owners, workers and residents are being
encouraged to share their thoughts on improvements they think the town needs.

Malcolm Brown, chairman of Queensferry Ambition said: "I am delighted to say
that our successful BID is already paying dividends as we received a cheque for
£20,000 from the City of Edinburgh Council.

This is money Queens-ferry would not have received if the BID had been
unsuccessful.

"On behalf of Queensferry Ambition I would like to thank the council for this
excellent level of support.

The money will be used to fund projects which will have a positive economic
impact on Queensferry businesses and the local community.

"In many respects this is our starter for ten and we are looking forward to
announcing other positive initiatives in the weeks and months ahead."

Councillor Gordon Munro, vice-convener of the council's economic development
committee, said: "We are delighted to be able to give Queensferry Ambition this
financial support.

We see BIDs as a sustainable way to developing businesses in local communities
in the future.

This is a great example of the council working well with local businesses."

Ian Davison Porter of BIDs Scotland said: "The Queensferry businesses approved
an ambitious business plan  developed locally by local businesses, which will be
delivered by working collectively with other local bodies and the City of
Edinburgh Council.

I know that the new board has a determination to improve Queensferry. I wish
them every  success."

lIf you would like to have a say on improvements you'd like to see take place in
Queensferry fill out the survey at https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/queensferry

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SFBJ


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Linlithgow Gazette

                            August 30, 2012 Thursday

Council cash to kick-start BID projects

LENGTH: 492  words


A BID to boost footfall and increase business opportunities in Queensferry has
led to the town being given a £20,000 cash injection.

Funding from the city council's economic development department was presented to
Queensferry Ambition this week to help kickstart a range of projects it has
planned for the area over the next five years.

The grant is in recognition of the council's continued support for Queensferry
becoming a Business Improvement District (BID).

The cash will be used fund a "Mi Queensferry" website and a Smartphone app which
will list all local businesses, highlight up and coming events and give details
of business promotions and special offers.

As previously reported in the Queensferry Gazette, work has already begun to
engage with visiting cruise liners to ensure passengers know they have arrived
in Queensferry and that they recognise all that the town has to offer.

Another project will include working on welcome banners and information signs,
which are currently lacking in the area, while a business grant support system
is well underway.

While Queensferry Ambition is business focused, it also recognises the
importance of the local community and its involvement in Queensferry.

To this end, it is launching a "What needs to be improved in Queensferry?"
survey in which local business owners, workers and residents are being
encouraged to share their thoughts on improvements they think the town needs.

Malcolm Brown, chairman of Queensferry Ambition said: "I am delighted to say
that our successful BID is already paying dividends as we received a cheque for
£20,000 from the City of Edinburgh Council.

This is money Queens-ferry would not have received if the BID had been
unsuccessful.

"On behalf of Queensferry Ambition I would like to thank the council for this
excellent level of support.

The money will be used to fund projects which will have a positive economic
impact on Queensferry businesses and the local community.

"In many respects this is our starter for ten and we are looking forward to
announcing other positive initiatives in the weeks and months ahead."

Councillor Gordon Munro, vice-convener of the council's economic development
committee, said: "We are delighted to be able to give Queensferry Ambition this
financial support.

We see BIDs as a sustainable way to developing businesses in local communities
in the future.

This is a great example of the council working well with local businesses."

Ian Davison Porter of BIDs Scotland said: "The Queensferry businesses approved
an ambitious business plan  developed locally by local businesses, which will be
delivered by working collectively with other local bodies and the City of
Edinburgh Council.

I know that the new board has a determination to improve Queensferry. I wish
them every  success."

lIf you would like to have a say on improvements you'd like to see take place in
Queensferry fill out the survey at https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/queensferry

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SFLG


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Queensferry Gazette

                            August 30, 2012 Thursday

Council cash to kick-start BID projects

LENGTH: 492  words


A BID to boost footfall and increase business opportunities in Queensferry has
led to the town being given a £20,000 cash injection.

Funding from the city council's economic development department was presented to
Queensferry Ambition this week to help kickstart a range of projects it has
planned for the area over the next five years.

The grant is in recognition of the council's continued support for Queensferry
becoming a Business Improvement District (BID).

The cash will be used fund a "Mi Queensferry" website and a Smartphone app which
will list all local businesses, highlight up and coming events and give details
of business promotions and special offers.

As previously reported in the Queensferry Gazette, work has already begun to
engage with visiting cruise liners to ensure passengers know they have arrived
in Queensferry and that they recognise all that the town has to offer.

Another project will include working on welcome banners and information signs,
which are currently lacking in the area, while a business grant support system
is well underway.

While Queensferry Ambition is business focused, it also recognises the
importance of the local community and its involvement in Queensferry.

To this end, it is launching a "What needs to be improved in Queensferry?"
survey in which local business owners, workers and residents are being
encouraged to share their thoughts on improvements they think the town needs.

Malcolm Brown, chairman of Queensferry Ambition said: "I am delighted to say
that our successful BID is already paying dividends as we received a cheque for
£20,000 from the City of Edinburgh Council.

This is money Queens-ferry would not have received if the BID had been
unsuccessful.

"On behalf of Queensferry Ambition I would like to thank the council for this
excellent level of support.

The money will be used to fund projects which will have a positive economic
impact on Queensferry businesses and the local community.

"In many respects this is our starter for ten and we are looking forward to
announcing other positive initiatives in the weeks and months ahead."

Councillor Gordon Munro, vice-convener of the council's economic development
committee, said: "We are delighted to be able to give Queensferry Ambition this
financial support.

We see BIDs as a sustainable way to developing businesses in local communities
in the future.

This is a great example of the council working well with local businesses."

Ian Davison Porter of BIDs Scotland said: "The Queensferry businesses approved
an ambitious business plan  developed locally by local businesses, which will be
delivered by working collectively with other local bodies and the City of
Edinburgh Council.

I know that the new board has a determination to improve Queensferry. I wish
them every  success."

lIf you would like to have a say on improvements you'd like to see take place in
Queensferry fill out the survey at https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/queensferry

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SFQG


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

HOW A CULTURAL GEM CAME TO LIFE

BYLINE:  By Rena Blades   Special to The Palm Beach Post

SECTION: KRAVIS25; Pg. 8S

LENGTH: 453 words


As we celebrate the Kravis Center's silver anniversary, it's important to look
back and see how it was created, what kind of community evolved from its
founding and why the next 25 years are going to be even better.

What's most exciting to me is how the Kravis Center impacts the quality of life
for the entire county, and how the Cultural Council of Palm Beach County played
a special role in its creation.

Back in 1978, entrepreneur Alex Dreyfoos founded the Cultural Council in order
to help attract companies and employees to the county, knowing that a rich
cultural life is an important factor in establishing a desirable community.

The council's first task was to produce and distribute a calendar of cultural
events so that residents and tourists could easily access the arts, and the
council helped lead an effort to levy a tax on tourists staying in hotels,
a.k.a. "bed tax."

As a result, the Tourist Development Council and all of its corresponding
agencies were formed. Perhaps the most ambitious action of the young Cultural
Council was to conduct a feasibility study for a potential major performing arts
center -- which, of course, led to the creation of the Kravis Center.

Alex saw a community on the verge of exciting growth -- a place where
philanthropists would support high quality arts, where companies would thrive,
where the quality of life was outstanding, and where, in part due to Henry
Flagler's influence, a sophisticated and diverse community already existed.

The Kravis Center, through its board and corporate partners, serves to connect
business leaders to the arts. Its board leadership has always also represented
the leadership of our business community, from Alex as the Kravis' founding
chairman to today's chairman, Mike Bracci, regional president of Northern Trust
and former chair of the Cultural Council board of directors.

The Kravis Center is the largest cultural institution in the county, and as such
has the largest economic impact of any other single museum, theater, arts center
or cultural event. As a sector, cultural organizations support more than 11,000
jobs and generate more than $525 million in annual economic impact.

The Cultural Council is so proud of the work we do for the entire cultural
sector, supporting arts activities through grants and services, and the Kravis
Center is in many ways our closest cultural partner. We helped get it started,
we work together on community initiatives regularly, and we rely on their very
talented staff and board to lead the way for the cultural sector in good
governance, outstanding business practices and great art.

I can't wait to see what comes next.

Rena Blades is president and CEO of the Cultural Council of Palm Beach County.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2017 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

$250,000 state grant to be used on Fayetteville-based economic development
project

BYLINE: Catherine Pritchard, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 565 words


July 13--An economic development group plans to use a $250,000 state grant for a
project aimed at boosting entrepreneurship, creating jobs by leveraging local
strengths and connecting the region through a broadband network.

In a release, the Fayetteville Cumberland County Economic Development
Corporation said its board of directors voted Tuesday to accept the funding and
take on the project.

The "grant-in-aid" was included in the recently passed state budget in an item
that said the corporation would use the money for economic development
activities, including a regional small-business incubator using the broadband
initiative for communities in Tier 1 or Tier 2 communities.

The 40 most economically distressed counties in the state are designated Tier 1
and the next 40 as Tier 2. In this region, Bladen, Columbus, Robeson and
Scotland counties are in Tier 1, while Cumberland, Harnett, Hoke, Lee and
Sampson counties are in Tier 2. Moore County is among the 20 least distressed
counties in the state in Tier 3.

The legislation said the corporation could use the funds to support a
public-private partnership or privately owned projects to the extent allowed by
state and federal law.

The corporation's release indicated details have yet to be worked out.

"With this seed investment by the state in place," the release said, "specifics
of what that project will look like will develop quickly."

Generally, though, the release said, the project is expected to be "a regional
innovation hub, providing opportunities for development of digital
infrastructure, entrepreneurship, economic development and job creation and
retention."

The project could boost entrepreneurial growth in areas such as cyber-security,
digital health care, agriculture, defense industries, technology and more, the
release said.

State Rep. John Szoka, a Republican from Fayetteville, and Fayetteville City
Councilman Kirk deViere, a local businessman, are among the people who have been
collaborating on the project. The release said the men are working to identify
ways to leverage and grow local entrepreneurs and the military workforce to
create and retain jobs.

Szoka said the Fayetteville-based innovation center would become a destination
for entrepreneurs and innovation.

"It will position this region and state to take advantage of the economic impact
of the fourth industrial revolution and help to connect rural communities to be
part of the growth," he said.

DeViere said the center could contain key components that drive innovation,
including training, incubation, a lab environment and a collaborative system of
a co-working space for growing businesses.

The corporation said progress on the project is expected to move quickly, with
selection of a project coordinator being the first priority, and initial launch
expected before the end of the year.

Jack Rostetter, the corporation's chairman, said the grant "fits well" with the
organization's economic development goals.

"We are a regional community," he said, "and we need to leverage our strengths
to grow jobs organically, in addition to being aggressive in the typical
recruitment effort."

Staff writer Catherine Pritchard can be reached at pritchardc@fayobserver.com or
486-3517.

___ (c)2016 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160713-FY-250,000-state-grant
-to-be-used-on-Fayetteville-based-economic-development-project-0713-20160713

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2016 The Fayetteville Observer


                              758 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

AM-motion: A strategic approach to increasing Europes value proposition for
Additive Manufacturing technologies and capabilities

LENGTH: 554  words


Duration: From 2016-11-01 to  2018-12-31, Grant Agreement signed
Total cost: EUR 993 052,5
EU contribution: EUR 993 052,5
Objective: Additive manufacturing (AM) has been highlighted as a key technology
with potential for creating sustainable high value European based employment,
addressing societal issues and supporting environmental sustainability. It has
the potential to revolutionize the way in which products are manufactured and
delivered to the customer.  Moreover, AM is already having a high economic
impact on several sectors and indeed on wider society. Therefore, it challenges
the community to reinvent the business models and explore the implications of AM
adoption. All those are heavyweight reasons for Europe to make specific efforts
to define a plan of action in the field.


In this framework, AM-Motion CSA has the ambition to develop a strategy and set
up the pillars for its efficient implementation that, ultimately, will
contribute to reinforcing the European AM ecosystem. The project will accelerate
market uptake of AM technologies across Europe by connecting and upscaling
existing initiatives and efforts around defined value chains, improving the
conditions for large-scale, cross-regional demonstration and market deployment,
and by involving a large number of key stakeholders, particularly from industry,
as experts. AM-Motion will identify gaps at technical and non-technical levels
for business development and propose specific actions and including a timeline
to overcome them. More importantly, it will propose and validate models for
business collaboration and unlock AM based business and jobs for Europe.
To involve high number of key actors, the project has already achieved the
support of several companies, research and education establishments,
standardisation bodies, European Technology Platforms, international AM related
entities, Regions and Innovation clusters. 52 support  letters were received and
are included.
Participants:
NEDERLANDSE ORGANISATIE VOOR TOEGEPAST NATUURWETENSCHAPPELIJK ONDERZOEK TNO
NetherlandsEU contribution: EUR 101 151,25
ANNA VAN BUERENPLEIN 1
2595 DA DEN HAAG
Netherlands
TWI LIMITED
United KingdomEU contribution: EUR 89 550
GRANTA PARK GREAT ABINGTON
CB21 6AL CAMBRIDGE
United Kingdom
COMMISSARIAT A L ENERGIE ATOMIQUE ET AUX ENERGIES ALTERNATIVES
FranceEU contribution: EUR 88 935
RUE LEBLANC  25
75015 PARIS 15
France
European Regions Research and Innovation Network
BelgiumEU contribution: EUR 48 250

RUE DE LUXEMBOURG 3
1000 Brussels
Belgium
IDEA STRATEGISCHE ECONOMISCHE CONSULTING
BelgiumEU contribution: EUR 113 375
KUNSTLAAN 1-2
1210 BRUSSEL
Belgium
BRAINPORT DEVELOPMENT NV
NetherlandsEU contribution: EUR 41 375
EMMASINGEL 11
5611 AZ EINDHOVEN
Netherlands
AIRBUS OPERATIONS SL
SpainEU contribution: EUR 31 710
Avenida John Lennon
28906 GETAF
Project completion date : 2018-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : FUNDACION PRODINTEC

Address : Parque Cientfico Tecnolgico de Gijn,


zona INTRA, Edificio "Antiguo secadero de tabacos",


Avda. Jardn Botnico, 1345, 33203 Gijn,


Asturias

Country :Spain
Financier : EUROPEAN UNION (EU),

Financier address : European Union (EU)
Rue de la Loi 200/Wetstraat 200,
B-1049 Bruxelles/Brussels,
Belgium


Tel: 32-2-2999696, 2993085


Fax: 32-2-2961749
Url: ec.europa.eu/

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 2000 The University of Chicago
                          The Journal of Legal Studies

                                   June, 2000

                             29 J. Legal Stud. 873

LENGTH: 18783 words

COST-BENEFIT ANALYSIS: LEGAL, ECONOMIC, AND PHILOSOPHICAL PERSPECTIVES: A
CONFERENCE SPONSORED BY THE JOHN M. OLIN FOUNDATION AND THE UNIVERSITY OF
CHICAGO LAW SCHOOL: State and Federal Regulatory Reform: A Comparative Analysis

NAME: Robert W. Hahn*

BIO:



   * Director of the AEI-Brookings Joint Center for Regulatory Studies, Resident
Scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, and Research Associate at the
Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University. The author would like to thank
Fumie Yokota, Petrea Moyle, Lisa Bustin, Elizabeth Cooper, Jonathan Siskin, and
Amy Wendholt for their research support. The helpful comments of Bob King are
gratefully acknowledged. The views in this paper reflect those of the author and
do not necessarily represent the views of the institutions with which he is
affiliated.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... IN recent years, many states have recognized that overly burdensome
regulations can adversely impact business and citizens. ... Perhaps the most
significant recent step toward incorporating economic analysis into the
regulatory process occurred in 1996, when the Congress showed a greater interest
in requiring the OMB to assess the economic impact of regulation--partially
because of new estimates that federal regulation costs several hundreds billion
dollars annually. ... Since the Office of Administrative Law does not evaluate
the economic impact of proposed rules, the legislature introduced a statutory
oversight mechanism to ensure such analysis played a role in the regulatory
process. ... States must have oversight entities with the power to evaluate the
economic analysis, as well as the legality, of a rule to truly achieve
regulatory reform. ...  Governor Chiles identified two primary goals for the
reform effort: (1) to reduce rules and regulations by 50 percent within 2 years
and (2) to reduce the inflexibility of rules by increasing agency discretion in
the rule-making process. ...  The DPB did not compile an aggregate savings
estimate from its efforts in its report on the comprehensive review of existing
regulations, but it did present examples of economic analyses prepared for rules
modified under the direction of the executive order. ...



HIGHLIGHT: This paper provides a comprehensive assessment of state efforts to
eliminate or change burdensome regulations and to use economic analysis to
produce more sensible results. More than half the states have undertaken
initiatives of some kind to improve regulation, including oversight mechanisms
and the use of cost-benefit analysis. However, the effectiveness of oversight
and enforcement of regulatory reform initiatives in the day-to-day world of rule
making is often doubtful. As in the case of the federal government, state
agencies have devised ways to avoid doing what they do not want to do.
Generally, regulatory reform initiatives are most effective when they have
active political support, a strong, well-funded oversight mechanism, and states
provide clear, specific guidelines to implementing agencies. While several
states have sought to establish such a structure, most states have not. Until
significant resources and political support are devoted to reform efforts,
real-world progress in regulatory reform is not likely to be great.
ABSTRACT

TEXT:
 [*873]  I. INTRODUCTION

   IN recent years, many states have recognized that overly burdensome
regulations can adversely impact business and citizens.  n1 In response to
problems with excessive regulation, some states have initiated administrative
reforms  [*874]  that expand the use of economic analysis to assess the impact
of existing and proposed regulations.  n2 While the economics literature deals
extensively with the use of economic analysis as a mechanism to inform federal
regulatory decision making, the literature does not emphasize comparable efforts
at the state level. This is a serious oversight because states are often
responsible for the implementation of federal regulation and pass many
regulations based on their own laws.

   This paper provides the first critical analysis of comprehensive reform
initiatives at the state level.  n3 It makes five important contributions to the
existing literature. First, it reviews the evolution of comprehensive state and
federal regulatory reform initiatives. Second, it examines several state reform
efforts in detail, highlighting important characteristics of these efforts.
Third, it evaluates the current application of economic analysis in federal and
state regulatory decision making processes. Fourth, it analyzes the political
forces shaping regulatory reform initiatives. Fifth, it offers some observations
on the effectiveness of these reforms.

   State governments use many different mechanisms to encourage agencies to
identify rules that the agencies should repeal or modify and consequently reduce
the regulatory burden. Nearly one-third of the states has initiated
comprehensive reviews of all existing regulations. Some of these states conduct
a page-by-page review of all regulations, similar to the federal government.
Some states also have modified the administrative rule-making process to require
analysis of the impacts of new regulatory activity and often strongly encourage
the use of benefit-cost analysis and cost-effectiveness analysis. Over half of
the states require agencies to assess the economic impact of all proposed rules.
A legislative, executive, or independent entity reviews proposed rules in most
states, and some of these entities must review the agency's analyses of the
potential economic impacts. This paper explores the efficacy of these and other
mechanisms in an effort to guide the regulatory reform efforts of decision
makers.

   The effectiveness of regulatory reform mechanisms varies from state to state,
depending on the nature of statutory guidelines and requirements. If the
statutory mandate is not clear, agencies may only superficially analyze the
costs and benefits of regulations or may manipulate analyses to achieve
political ends. To increase agency compliance, states have established oversight
[*875]  processes and increased the specificity of statutory requirements. A
state may, for example, require agencies to balance costs and benefits. The
impact of oversight processes and more stringent requirements varies greatly and
is difficult to determine because funding for such improvements is often limited
relative to the size of the task and because the requirements are generally new
and relatively untested. Some states claim their regulations are more effective
and less costly as a result of improvements to the regulatory process, but the
analytical support for such claims is generally weak. Some states, however,
appear to have made some progress.

   Regulatory review activities at the federal and state level are examined in
Section II. Section III describes the federal regulatory review process and
analyzes examples of state-level regulatory review. Finally, Section IV
summarizes the major conclusions of this study.

   II. AN OVERVIEW OF FEDERAL AND STATE REGULATORY REFORM

   This section examines federal statutes, state statutes, and executive orders
that require analysis and/or review of rule-making actions by executive
agencies. The purpose is to introduce the reader to the federal regulatory
review process and provide an overview of comprehensive state regulatory reform
efforts. Generally, comprehensive reform efforts introduce analysis and review
requirements that apply to several regulatory agencies. Comprehensive reform
efforts do not include reform efforts to overhaul specific agencies or
deregulate specific industries.

   No comprehensive source of state regulatory reform initiatives exists. I
therefore interviewed state officials in all states, acquired and analyzed
available state information, searched state web pages, and used survey data.
State information includes administrative procedures acts, executive orders, and
reports published by various agencies and legislative committees.  n4 The
primary source of survey data was the National Association on Administrative
Rules Review (NAARR), which compiled information provided by state officials on
current requirements and procedures for review of administrative rules.  n5 In
addition, I conducted a survey of 20 states for the purpose  [*876]  of this
analysis. The results of the NAARR survey are presented independent of the
author's survey because of differences in the scope and methodology of the two
surveys.

   The NAARR survey, which includes information from all states except Rhode
Island, shows that state regulatory reform initiatives follow some general
trends. The survey also shows that the states employ a variety of mechanisms to
achieve reform. The results of the survey are summarized in Tables 1 and 2.
Table 1 shows that 27 states responded that they require economic impact
analysis for all rules. Table 2 shows that 32 states report that agencies
consider the adequate completion of economic and other technical analyses in the
regulation process. In most states the promulgating agency is primarily
responsible for conducting these analyses. Three-quarters of the states
identified at least one government entity--legislative, independent, attorney
general, or other--responsible for overseeing proposed rule making.

   TABLE 1

   SUMMARY OF ADMINISTRATIVE RULES REVIEW SURVEY RESULTS: ANALYTICAL
REQUIREMENTS
                                          NUMBER OF STATES EMPLOYING

                                  Benefit-Cost     Risk         Economic
                                    Analysis    Assessment  Impact Analysis
Application of review requirements:
  All rules                            10           4              27
  Selected rules                       7            4              10
  Rules with costs above dollar
   threshold                           3            1              7
  Rules from specific agencies         2            4              5
  At the request of review entity      11           6              17
  None of the above                    28           37             9
Responsibility for requirements:
  Promulgating agency                  28           12             36
  Executive entity                     5            3              9
  Legislative entity                   3            2              7
  Reviewing entity                     1            2              3
  Other                                2            2              1
  None of the above                    20           36             12

   SOURCE.--National Association on Administrative Rules Review, 1996-97
Administrative Rules Review Directory and Survey (1996).

   NOTE.--Columns do not sum to 50 because some states marked more than one
answer in each; 49 states were surveyed.

   TABLE 2

   SUMMARY OF ADMINISTRATIVE RULES REVIEW SURVEY RESULTS: OVERSIGHT PROCEDURES
                                                   NUMBER OF STATES
                                                      EMPLOYING:

                                          Proposed     Existing       Veto
                                           Rules        Rules        Power
Oversight responsibility:
  Legislative committee                      27           17           12
  Independent review agency                  8            2            6
  Attorney general                           13           5            9
  Other                                      21           12           28
  None of the above                          13           26           10
Oversight considerations:
  Statutory authority                        44
  Intent of legislature                      40
  Clear unambiguous terms                    35
  Reasonably necessary to fulfill            33
    statutory mandate
  Promulgated according to proper            40
    procedures
  Conflict with or duplicate existing        39
    statutes or rules
  Balancing of costs and benefits            23
  Adequate completion of analyses            32

   SOURCE.--National Association on Administrative Rules Review, 1996-97
Administrative Rules Review Directory and Survey (1996).

   NOTE.--Columns do not sum to 50 because some states marked more than one
answer in each category; 49 states were surveyed.

   While states generally require agencies to analyze the economic impact of
rules, most states shy away from more stringent requirements, such as
benefit-cost analysis and risk assessment. According to Table 1, 10 states
[*877]  claimed to require benefit-cost analysis of all rules, and seven states
require benefit-cost analysis of selected rules. Twenty-eight states did not use
benefit-cost analysis. Only four states require risk assessment for all rules,
and another four states require risk assessment for selected rules. Table 2
shows that states also seem hesitant to establish comprehensive oversight
processes. While most states have some form of oversight entity, these entities
are not typically responsible for review of the agency's economic analysis.
Instead, the oversight entity generally focuses on issues related to the
legality of the rule, such as statutory authority and adherence to proper
procedures.

   The NAARR survey data are sometimes misleading because they credit states for
initiating potentially ineffective reform efforts. In Connecticut, for example,
agencies use benefit-cost analysis to develop regulations without considering
private-sector impacts, an egregious error because of the potentially large
neglected costs.  n6 Connecticut also requires agencies to consider modification
of rules to reduce the adverse impact on small businesses but  [*878]  does not
require agencies to quantify that burden. Finally, Connecticut does not require
agencies to quantify or even identify the benefits of a rule. So, although the
NAARR survey reports that Connecticut uses benefit-cost analysis, in practice
Connecticut's efforts fall far short of widely accepted standards for such
analysis. The NAARR survey is still useful, however, because it documents
state-level requirements for review of existing regulations, analysis of
proposed rule makings, and oversight of agency efforts.  n7 Conclusions about
state regulatory reform programs could not be drawn solely from the survey data,
however, so the author conducted a more detailed survey of state efforts.

Analysis and Review of Proposed Regulation

   Many states, as well as the federal government, require the analysis of
proposed regulations, although they require varying amounts of detail. Table 3
presents the results of my survey of 20 states, chosen because of their
significant statutory requirements for analysis and review of proposed
regulation.  n8 The table lists the various provisions mandated by statute or
executive order and the different oversight mechanisms employed by the states.
n9

   TABLE 3

   SUMMARY OF STATE INITIATIVES FOR REVIEW OF PROPOSED REGULATIONS
                                                         All       Selected
                                                        Rules       Rules
Statutory requirements (20 states surveyed):<a>
  Assess fiscal impact on state government                12          5
  Assess economic impact on the private sector            11          8
  Assess impact on small businesses                       12          3
  Assess fiscal impact on local government                11          3
  Assess impact on state employment                       5           0
  Assess impact on paperwork burden<b>                    5           2
  Analyze alternatives<c>                                 5           3
  Balance costs and benefits<d>                           2           2
  Ensure rules less strict than federal standards         1           3
Executive order requirements (five states
surveyed):<e>
  Assess impact on state employment                       1           0
  Assess economic impact on the private sector            1           0
  Analyze alternatives                                    4           1
  Balance costs and benefits                              3           0
  Ensure rules less strict than federal standards         2           0
Oversight mechanisms (20 states surveyed):
  Executive branch guidelines                             4           0
  Standard form for presentation of analysis              3           0
  Statutory review by independent entity                  7           3
  Executive order review by independent entity<f,g>       3           1

   SOURCES.--State statutes, executive orders, government reports, and
interviews with state officials. See Robert W. Hahn, State and Federal
Regulatory Reform: A Comparative Analysis (Working Paper No. 98-3, AEI-Brookings
Joint Ctr. for Reg. Stud. 1998).

   NOTE.--Values given are number of states of those surveyed.

   a The states surveyed are Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut,
Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Massachusetts,
Michigan, Nebraska, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania,
Virginia, and Washington.

   b The "paperwork burden" consists primarily of recordkeeping and reporting
requirements.

   c States are included in this category if they require the agency to analyze
alternatives or to choose the "least burdensome" or "least onerous" alternative
to a regulation, including nonregulatory alternatives such as economic
incentives.

   d A balancing test implies that the statute required the benefits to
"justify," "outweigh," or "exceed" the costs. The three words imply different
levels of stringency for cost-benefit tests, where "exceed" is the most
stringent and "justify" is the least stringent. States that require agencies to
"consider" or "assess" costs and benefits are not included in this category.

   e Five states out of the 20 surveyed issued executive orders: Massachusetts,
Michigan, New York, Pennsylvania, and Virginia.

   f Five states surveyed.

   g Two of the five states that issued executive orders created a separate
Office of Regulatory Reform to review agency analyses, two rely on internal
governmental offices to review analyses, and one did not establish an oversight
mechanism.

   States consider and emphasize different regulatory reform initiatives. Some
states are very specific about the content of analyses, while others are fairly
open-ended. Many states have mechanisms to review the overall rule package, but
very few seem to have an entity that conducts a review of the actual content of
an agency's analysis. In almost all states, agencies are primarily responsible
for preparation of the analysis. Nearly all states require some analysis of the
rule's fiscal impact on state government and economic impact on the private
sector and require agencies to assess the impact of the rule on small businesses
and local governments. Less frequently, states require agencies to assess the
impact of the rule on employment and on record-keeping and reporting
responsibilities.

   Some states require agencies to analyze the impact of all proposed
regulations. The federal government, on the other hand, requires agencies to
analyze [*879]   [*880]  rules likely to have a significant economic impact,
defined as rules that will cost the economy over $ 100 million. Only 4 percent
of the rules analyzed by the federal government are designated "significant"
because most federal rules pertain to daily operations, such as quarantine
orders by the Department of Agriculture or government grant announcements.  n10
Many states do not distinguish between significant and insignificant rules.
States should not examine insignificant rules beyond supplying a concise
statement of the objectives and a list of the likely benefits and costs, unless
it is possible to improve such rules at low cost. More detailed analysis may
consume resources that agencies could spend reviewing rules with larger economic
impacts.

   An agency may comply with the requirement to estimate the costs and benefits
of a proposed rule, but nevertheless choose a policy that is less cost-effective
or efficient than alternatives. States employ different mechanisms to address
this problem. Eight states require agencies to analyze alternatives. Some of
these states require an agency to review various policy options, choose the
"least burdensome" alternative, and explain its decision if it does not choose
the least burdensome alternative. Four states require agencies to balance the
costs and benefits of a rule. Finally, four states require agencies to justify
state standards that are more stringent than federal requirements to discourage
agencies from promulgating more stringent rules that may not pass a benefit-cost
test.

   Furthermore, a mandate to analyze proposed regulations does not ensure that
agencies will comply. Vague statutory language and a lack of oversight often
allow agencies to comply only partially with requirements or not comply at all.
A study in Virginia, for example, found that agencies complied with review
requirements less than 20 percent of the time before recent reforms.  n11 In
addition, although 32 states claimed in the survey to consider whether the
agency adequately completed an analysis when they review proposed rules, only 10
states established an independent entity to review the content of the analyses.

   Most states have not attempted to increase compliance, but those that are
trying to correct the problem employ a number of methods. These include the
establishment of oversight processes, the use of executive orders to strengthen
legislation, and the provision of specific guidelines for analysis. The extent
to which states use each of these methods varies. The use of  [*881]  oversight
processes is perhaps the best way to ensure compliance with review requirements.
A few states have an independent oversight committee to review agency analyses,
but most review analyses internally. Some states have an entity that ensures
rules are consistent with statutory mandates, although these entities do not
critique the methodology or content of analyses. Other states create oversight
entities with the authority to delay the rule-making process if agency analyses
are unsatisfactory, although none of them have the power to officially veto a
rule. In short, most states need to develop more effective means through which
to hold agencies accountable for their analyses.

   More stringent statutory language or formal guidelines can also increase
agency compliance. Five states out of the 20 in the survey use executive orders
to strengthen statutory review requirements, while the rest rely solely on
legislative efforts. Three of these five states require states to balance the
benefits and costs, and all of the states require agencies to analyze
alternatives to the proposed regulation. Two states require agencies to ensure
the state regulations are less stringent than federal regulations. The executive
orders also contain oversight provisions. Two of the five states create an
Office of Regulatory Reform to review agency analyses. Two states give internal
agencies the authority to review analyses, while one state does not provide an
oversight mechanism. In addition, some states provide agencies with guidelines
for analysis and/or standard forms for presentation of the analysis. California,
New York, and Virginia provide a handbook with detailed instructions for
analysis. California, Michigan, and Pennsylvania provide standard forms to
summarize analyses. It appears that governors tend to use executive orders to
supplement statutory requirements. Executive orders typically require analysis
of alternatives or review of agency analyses, which are often not included in
statutory review provisions.

Review of Existing Regulations

   State- and federal-level review of existing regulation is a relatively recent
addition to the regulatory process. At the federal level, President Bush and
President Clinton established regulatory review requirements in 1992 and 1995,
respectively. Similarly, at the state level only five states out of the 20 in
the survey required review of existing regulation before 1994. Thirteen states
required review after 1994. The other two states do not require review. States
use a variety of approaches to review existing regulations, some of which differ
significantly from federal requirements.  n12 Although  [*882]  some of these
approaches seem comprehensive, the actual impact of state requirements is not
clear because they are relatively untested and difficult to enforce and because
most states do not consistently or accurately document the impact of the changes
on the regulatory process.

   States generally require agencies to identify regulations the agency should
modify or repeal, similar to the federal government. The federal government
requires a one-time review by executive order, while 10 states require a
one-time review and nine states require periodic reviews.  n13 Twelve states use
executive orders and seven states rely on legislation to require reviews.  n14
All states with legislative mandates require a periodic review, but most
executive orders require a one-time review. Michigan, New Jersey, and Virginia,
however, require periodic review by executive order. As is clear from these
examples, states use an array of tools to review existing regulations.

   States do not always comply with requirements for review of existing
regulations. An Illinois statute, for example, requires agencies to review all
rules at least every 5 years. Agencies have not, however, completed a review in
over a decade. The legislative committee responsible for enforcement cited a
lack of staff and funds as the reason for its negligence.  n15 Options to
improve compliance include stricter statutory language and the establishment of
effective oversight mechanisms.

   States can increase the stringency of requirements to review existing
regulations in a number of ways, but the most common method is the sunset
provision. A sunset provision requires the automatic expiration of a law or
regulation after a designated amount of time. The legislature or agency must
therefore review the regulation before they reinstate it. Indiana, New Jersey,
and Tennessee currently have such sunset provisions. Tennessee and New Jersey
enacted the provisions in 1982 and 1978, respectively, but Indiana only
established the provision in 1996. Tennessee and New Jersey therefore provide
some information about the effectiveness of the sunset provision. Indiana's
first expiration deadline is not until 2002, so no information about the impact
of the requirement is available at this time.  n16 In  [*883]  Tennessee, the
legislature routinely votes to eliminate the expiration date of the sunset
provision, defeating its original purpose.  n17 New Jersey requires the
expiration of all rules within 5 years of adoption.  n18 If an agency wishes to
continue enforcement of the rule, it can reinstate it by complying with the
extensive analysis and review requirements of the Administrative Procedures Act.
New Jersey has not, however, assessed whether this requirement has increased the
efficiency and efficacy of regulation. In practice, therefore, it is not clear
whether sunset provisions encourage legislatures to vote periodically on the
reinstatement of rules as intended. It seems, however, that sunset provisions
may give legislators more opportunities to review rules critically than standard
review requirements.

   The establishment of effective oversight mechanisms may also increase
compliance. Legislative committees, independent review agencies, and the office
of the attorney general are among the entities to which states give oversight
responsibility, although many states have no oversight mechanism at all. In
addition, some states require agencies to report their findings to a
coordinating office. These offices do not, however, necessarily review the
agency's analysis. Agencies may therefore omit vital information from their
analyses, make unnecessary mistakes, and overstate the benefits of a rule if it
will help them achieve their political objectives. The establishment of an
oversight process to review agency analyses would minimize these problems.

   Determining which reform initiatives are most effective is difficult because
states generally do not accurately document the impact of regulatory reform
efforts. Most states and the federal government document the impact of
initiatives by counting the number of rules or pages of regulation the
government eliminates. Such a measure is not meaningful because the repeal of a
rule may not change the behavior of regulators. The legislature, for example,
may repeal a rule, and the agency may consolidate its requirements with existing
regulations. Although the state reduces the absolute number of rules, the
overall level of regulation remains the same. Florida, for example, defines a
rule as a "rule section" of the Florida Administrative Code. Florida could, in
theory, reduce the number of regulations by simply merging sections of the
Administrative Code.  n19 California, New  [*884]  York, and Virginia are the
only states that attempt to accurately document the economic impact of some
regulatory changes. In particular, New York has made an effort to document the
impacts of its reform program, but the quality of the analyses is suspect.  n20
The analyses do not seem to identify a clear baseline, nor do they distinguish
between transfers of wealth and actual efficiency gains.  n21 The actual impact
may therefore be much smaller than New York claims, although it seems the
economy benefits from the changes. Still, the documentation provided by
California, New York, and Virginia provides some useful information on the
impact of reform measures.

   Proponents of federal regulatory reform often advocate the use of oversight
processes or other legal mechanisms to further reform efforts. Experience at the
state level shows that a statutory review requirement is not necessarily
sufficient to ensure ongoing review. Even when agencies conduct reviews, the
results are often disappointing because the state does not require them to
clearly document the effects of their actions. Further oversight or stricter
statutory language is necessary to improve the review process. In short, some
states have started down the road toward reform, but their current efforts are
insufficient to achieve significant improvements.

   III. REGULATORY REFORM: SOME INDIVIDUAL CASES

   The general survey of state regulatory reform efforts presented in the first
part of this paper suggests that states can improve analyses of proposed and
existing regulations if they increase oversight of agency analyses, employ
stricter statutory requirements, and document the impact of their efforts. The
general survey does not, however, show conclusively that improved analyses will
improve regulatory outcomes. One administrative law official in New Jersey
suggested the quality of the analysis of proposed rules had improved since the
state introduced a review requirement. The official has seen no evidence,
however, that the requirement has had any substantive impact on the content of
rules.  n22 Politics, for example, can prevent decision makers from using
information on costs, benefits, and alternatives to improve regulation. A
distrust of economic analysis as a tool for decision making may also prevent the
use of the results of such analysis. This section carefully examines state- and
federal-level reform efforts, highlights  [*885]  their strengths and
weaknesses, and shows how political forces can influence reform initiatives.
Although this section provides some useful information, additional research is
necessary to develop a more complete theory of the impact of politics on reform
efforts.

   A widely accepted view of regulatory politics is that Republicans want to
scale back regulation to ease the burden on industry and Democrats want to
increase regulation to help their preferred constituencies, including labor and
environmentalists. In the absence of detailed information about regulatory
reform initiatives and their potential impact on the economy and social welfare,
the general public and the regulatory community will assume the party advocating
reform is motivated by these political agendas. The result is often a lack of
public support for reform initiatives or partisan wrangling that stymies reform
efforts. Ironically, some degree of public approval and high-level political
support are essential for the success of reform efforts. Without them,
significant reform initiatives will languish. A partial solution to this problem
is to increase the transparency of the regulatory process, so politicians are
held more accountable for the regulations that result from the laws they pass.
Transparency, coupled with stricter requirements for regulatory analysis and
oversight, will help the public see how regulatory reform can benefit society.
States and the federal government can improve regulatory accountability if they
recognize that transparency increases accountability and that accountability
builds the public and political support necessary for effective reform.

   Although politics is perhaps the most serious impediment to regulatory
reform, faith in the use of economics for regulatory decision making is another
potential obstacle. While many states advocate the use of economic analysis to
review regulations, legislators and academics still hotly debate the extent to
which economics should influence decisions. Since economic analysis is an
emerging tool in the regulatory arena, it is still relatively untested. The
general public and lawmakers are therefore often wary of requiring it because
they fear it may be misused. The result, as the individual case studies in this
section make clear, is that states commit to varying degrees of economic
analysis. Until the positive impact of economic analysis is consistently and
clearly documented, states will probably not enact comprehensive reforms.

   California, Florida, New York, and Virginia are the focus of this section
because these states have initiated significant regulatory reform efforts in
recent years and have also documented some of their progress and results.  n23
[*886]  These four states, in addition to the federal government, provide
excellent illustrations of the extent to which (1) politics can impede the use
of agency analyses and (2) the distrust of economic analysis can result in
varying analysis requirements.

Federal Government

   When regulation represented only a small part of the activity of the federal
government, there was no pressing need to evaluate its overall impact. Since the
late 1960s, however, regulatory policy has played an increasingly important role
in many areas of everyday life. To address the dramatic increase in regulatory
activity, the last six presidents have introduced different analysis
requirements and oversight mechanisms with varying degrees of success.

   In 1971, President Nixon established a Quality of Life Review of selected
regulations. The new initiative stemmed from concern that some recently enacted
environmental regulations were ineffective or excessively costly. The Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) administered the process and required agencies
issuing health, safety, and environmental regulations to coordinate their
activities. President Ford formalized and expanded the review process in
Executive Order No. 11,821. The order required agencies to prepare, and the OMB
to review, inflation impact statements for major rules, defined as rules whose
annual impact typically exceeded $ 100 million.

   In 1978, President Carter strengthened executive regulatory oversight by
issuing Executive Order No. 12,044, which required agencies to conduct detailed
regulatory analyses of proposed rule makings and required the OMB to review the
analyses. In addition, he established two interagency groups. The Regulatory
Analysis Review Group, composed of representatives from the Executive Office of
the President and regulatory agencies, examined a limited number of proposed
regulations expected to have substantial regulatory impact. The Regulatory
Council, comprised of the heads of federal regulatory agencies, was asked to
publish a Calendar of Federal Regulations, to summarize major regulations under
development.  n24

   The Reagan administration sought to further strengthen executive regulatory
oversight. Just after entering office, President Reagan announced the formation
of his interagency Task Force on Regulatory Relief chaired by  [*887]  Vice
President Bush. The task force reviewed existing regulations and would, in the
president's words, "cut away the thicket of irrational and senseless
regulations." President Reagan also issued Executive Order No. 12,291, requiring
agencies to conduct benefit-cost analyses for all major rules. The OMB could not
veto agency rules, but it could send the analysis back to the agency for
improvement. A second executive order required annual publication of the
Regulatory Program of the United States, a review of proposed regulations to
determine whether they conformed to administration policy and priorities. The
approach of the Reagan administration was unique because of the scope of the
regulatory review and the formal requirement to estimate benefits for major
rules. President Bush continued Reagan's policies, although he replaced the Task
Force on Regulatory Relief with the Council on Competitiveness, headed by Vice
President Quayle.

   In 1993, President Clinton replaced the Reagan Executive Order No. 12,291
with Executive Order No. 12,886, which requires similar regulatory analyses but
changed the standards for review and analysis. President Clinton also initiated
a National Performance Review (NPR) to help "reinvent government."  n25 The NPR,
led by Vice President Gore, published a report with recommendations to improve
the federal government, including cutting the federal work force by 252,000
employees, cutting internal management regulations in half, and requiring
agencies to set customer performance standards.  n26 President Clinton focused
his attention on existing regulations in a memorandum to heads of departments
and agencies in 1995.  n27 The memorandum ordered each executive agency to
conduct a page-by-page review of its existing regulations and to eliminate or
modify rules in need of reform. During the 3-month review period, agencies
identified 31,000 pages of the Code of Federal Regulation to modify and 16,000
pages of obsolete rules to eliminate.  n28 The annual NPR reports identify cost
savings from general reinvention, such as streamlining the executive branch
bureaucracy, but offer no assessment of the economic effects of the regulatory
[*888]  reform initiatives. Therefore, it is not clear if these "reinventions"
have increased the economic efficiency of regulations.

   In spite of these executive efforts to reform regulation, dissatisfaction
with the burdens of regulation persists. Following the Clinton initiatives, the
104th Congress made passionate pleas to design smarter, more efficient
regulation. Unfortunately, the rhetoric fell short of the reality. Several
comprehensive regulatory reform bills, which called for greater use of
benefit-cost analysis and improved risk assessment, failed to pass--partly out
of concern that the bills would "roll back" regulations designed to help protect
health, safety, and the environment.  n29 These reforms also failed because some
lawmakers hesitated to support regulatory reform bills that applied to all
statutes and superseded requirements already in place. After over 2 decades of
command-and-control regulation, these lawmakers were simply not ready to support
such seemingly dramatic changes in the regulatory process--even though they may
have liked the idea of using economic analysis to improve regulation. As a
result of such political factors, Congress settled for less far-reaching
legislative reforms. Language was added to individual statutes to increase
congressional oversight and provide more information on the benefits and costs
of regulation. Table 4 summarizes the analysis and review requirements mandated
by each piece of legislation. While the thrust of each piece of legislation
differs, they share one common theme--the requirement that agencies use economic
analysis to assess the benefits and costs of different kinds of regulations.

   The incremental efforts to strengthen the influence of economic analysis on
regulatory decision making fall into two categories: accountability mechanisms
and analytical requirements. Both are designed to improve on the efficiency of
the status quo. Accountability mechanisms include peer review, judicial review,
sunset provisions, regulation budgets, and requirements to provide better
information to Congress. Analytical requirements include benefit-cost analysis,
cost-effectiveness analysis, and risk-risk analysis.  n30 As is clear from Table
4, Congress created statutory requirements in both of these categories. In the
accountability mechanism category, the  [*889]  Small Business Regulatory
Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 requires agencies to submit final regulations
to Congress for review. The Telecommunications Act of 1996 requires the Federal
Communications Commission to conduct a biennial review of all regulations
promulgated under the Act. The Regulatory Accountability provisions, discussed
further later in this section, require the Office of Management and Budget to
assess the benefits and costs of existing federal regulatory programs and
recommend programs or specific regulations to reform or eliminate. While these
statutes represent a step toward more comprehensive reform measures, they cover
only a fraction of all regulations.

   The addition of analytical requirements has generally received more attention
than the addition of policy reforms, partly because of their prominence in the
Reagan and Clinton executive orders and partly because of controversy regarding
their impact. The Reagan executive order required agencies to promulgate
regulations for which the benefits "outweigh" the costs, and the Clinton
executive order superseded that requirement with language that the benefits must
"justify" the costs. The variation of the language and the type of analysis
required in each of the statutes listed in Table 4 reflect the results of the
ongoing controversy regarding analytical tools, which takes place every time
Congress debates requiring their use. Some statutes require only
cost-effectiveness analysis, some require full-fledged benefit-cost analysis,
and some combine a form of benefit-cost analysis with risk-risk analysis. The
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995, for example, requires agencies to choose
the "most cost-effective" alternative and to describe the costs and benefits of
any unfunded mandate but does not require the benefits of the mandate to justify
the costs. The Safe Drinking Water Amendments of 1996 require the administrator
of the Environmental Protection Agency to determine whether the benefits justify
the costs of a drinking water standard, but the administrator does not have to
set a new standard if the benefits do not justify the costs.  n31 Amendments in
1996 to the pipeline section of the Transportation Act, on the other hand,
require the secretary of transportation to propose a standard for pipeline
[*890]   [*891]  safety only if the benefits justify the costs. Other statutes
simply require the agency to "consider" costs and benefits.

   TABLE 4

   RECENT REGULATORY REFORM LEGISLATION
Legislation                                     Description
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act  Requires the Congressional Budget Office to
  of 1995                       estimate the direct costs of unfunded federal
                                mandates with significant economic impacts.
                                Requires agencies to describe the costs and
                                benefits of the majority of such mandates.
                                Requires agencies to identify alternatives to
                                the proposed mandate and select the "least
                                costly, most cost-effective, or least
                                burdensome alternative" that achieves the
                                desired social objective.
Small Business Regulatory     Requires agencies to submit each final
  Enforcement Fairness Act of   regulation with supporting analyses to
  1996                          Congress. Congress has 60 days to review
                                major regulations and can enact a joint
                                resolution of disapproval to void the
                                regulation if the resolution is passed and
                                signed by the president. Strengthens judicial
                                review provisions to hold agencies more
                                accountable for the impacts of regulation on
                                small entities.
Telecommunications Act of     Allows the Federal Communications Commission to
  1996                          grant exemptions from regulations in certain
                                cases and requires the consideration of the
                                costs and benefits of specific provisions.
                                Allows the Commission to grant waivers to buy
                                out prohibitions on local telephone companies
                                if the anticompetitive effects are "clearly
                                outweighed" by the benefits to the community
                                of the transaction. Requires the Commission
                                to conduct a biennial review of all
                                regulations to determine whether any
                                regulations are no longer necessary as a
                                result of "meaningful economic competition"
                                between providers.
Food Quality Protection Act   Eliminates the Delaney Clause of the Food,
  of 1996                       Drug, and Cosmetic Act, which set a
                                zero-tolerance standard for pesticide
                                residues on processed food. Establishes a
                                "safe" tolerance level, defined as "a
                                reasonable certainty of no harm." Allows the
                                administrator of the Environmental Protection
                                Agency to modify the tolerance level if use
                                of the pesticide protects consumers from
                                health risks greater than the dietary risk
                                from the residue or if use is necessary to
                                avoid a "significant disruption" of the food
                                supply. Amends the Federal Insecticide,
                                Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act by requiring a
                                reevaluation of the safe tolerance level
                                after the administrator determines during the
                                reregistration process whether a pesticide
                                will present an "unreasonable risk to man or
                                the environment, taking into account the
                                economic, social, and environmental costs and
                                benefits of the use of any pesticide."
Safe Drinking Water Act       Amends the procedure to set maximum contaminant
  Amendments of 1996            levels for contaminants in public water
                                supplies. Adds requirement to determine
                                whether the benefits of the level justify the
                                costs. Maintains feasibility standard for
                                contaminant levels, unless feasible level
                                would result in an increase in the
                                concentration of other contaminants or would
                                interfere with the efficacy of treatment
                                techniques used to comply with other national
                                drinking water regulations. Requires the
                                administrator to set contaminant levels to
                                minimize the overall risk of adverse health
                                effects by balancing the risk from the
                                contaminant and the risk from other
                                contaminants in such cases.
Amended Gas Pipeline Safety   Requires the secretary of transportation to
  Standards, 1996               consider the benefits and costs expected to
                                result from implementation of a safety
                                standard and to propose a standard only if
                                the benefits justify its costs. The benefit
                                and cost estimates are based on a risk
                                assessment, for which the secretary must
                                identify regulatory and nonregulatory options
                                and must explain the selection of the
                                standard in lieu of other options.
Regulatory Accountability     In separate appropriations legislation in 1996,
  Provision of 1996, 1997,      1997, and 1998, Congress required the Office
  and 1998                      of Management and Budget to submit an
                                assessment of the annual benefits and costs
                                of all existing federal regulatory programs
                                to Congress for 1997, 1998, and 2000,
                                respectively. The Office of Management and
                                Budget already must review and approve
                                analyses submitted by agencies estimating the
                                costs and benefits of major proposed rules.
                                The annual report provisions build on this
                                review process.

   Another significant difference between the requirements listed in Table 4 is
the applicability of the requirements. Some of the statutes contain economic
analysis provisions that apply only to specific provisions in the statute. The
Telecommunications Act of 1996, for example, states that the Federal
Communications Commission can grant waivers to buyout prohibitions on local
telephone companies only if the anticompetitive effects are clearly outweighed
by the benefits to the community. Similarly, other statutes are directed at
specific safety standards, such as pipeline safety or clean drinking water. In
contrast, statutes such as the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Act and the
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act contain economic  [*892]  analysis provisions that
apply to all regulations under the jurisdiction of the legislation. These
statutes are much more far-reaching in their approach to reform, as they pertain
to large groupings of regulations instead of specific provisions or safety
standards.

   Perhaps the most significant recent step toward incorporating economic
analysis into the regulatory process occurred in 1996, when the Congress showed
a greater interest in requiring the OMB to assess the economic impact of
regulation--partially because of new estimates that federal regulation costs
several hundreds billion dollars annually.  n32 In 1996 Senator Ted Stevens
added an unprecedented amendment to the Omnibus Consolidated Appropriations Act,
listed in Table 4 as the Regulatory Accountability Provision of 1996, that could
significantly impact the assessment of regulations in the future. The amendment
required the director of the OMB to provide Congress with estimates of the total
annual benefits and costs of all federal regulatory programs as well as
individual regulations.  n33 The OMB produced its first report on the benefits
and costs of regulation in response to the Stevens amendment in 1997  n34 and
published an improved second report in the fall of 1998.  n35 The OMB will
publish the third report in the year 2000. Congress will probably appropriate
funding for additional reports, although it is unclear whether OMB will issue
the reports on an annual or biennial basis.

   Formal consideration of economic benefits and costs in regulatory decision
making will likely persist, at least as long as the Republicans maintain a
majority in Congress since they have incorporated regulatory reform into their
policy agenda. As a result, an important concern is whether analysis and
oversight actually affect policy decisions. It is difficult to determine,
primarily because it is hard to predict the outcome of many regulations in the
absence of oversight. More research may reveal the extent of the influence of
the attempts to incorporate economic analysis into decision making sketched in
Table 4. Nevertheless, it is clear that agencies could design many regulations
more intelligently. Some regulations are even counterproductive. Research
suggests more than half (57 percent) of the federal government's  [*893]
regulations would fail a strict benefit-cost test using the government's own
numbers.  n36 Moreover, ample research suggests that the government could
significantly improve regulation to save more lives with fewer resources.  n37
According to one study, a reallocation of mandated expenditures toward
regulations with the highest payoff to society could save as many as 60,000 more
lives a year at no additional cost.  n38

   Some scholars have argued that the regulatory analysis and oversight have
influenced policy outcomes.  n39 In certain instances, such optimism is
justified. One must, however, be careful about generalizations from a small
sample.  n40 At this point, knowledge about the effects of oversight and
analysis is limited. In particular instances, oversight has made a difference.
At the same time, it is not obvious how regulatory activities would have evolved
in the absence of such oversight.

California

   California has a long history of reform efforts.  n41 In 1979, the
legislature recognized the excessive burden imposed on business and individuals
by regulation in the California Administrative Procedures Act (CAPA).  n42 The
CAPA requires agencies to assess the economic impact of rules and review
proposed rules. In addition, Governor Pete Wilson issued executive orders to
expand and supplement the CAPA analysis and review requirements and to create a
means through which to obtain suggestions from the regulated community for
reform of the rule-making process.

    [*894]  The original CAPA created the Office of Administrative Law (OAL) to
conduct an "orderly review of adopted regulations" to reduce the number of
regulations and improve the quality of adopted regulations.  n43 The OAL can
veto rules that violate the procedural requirements of the CAPA. According to
the OAL, this review saves the state an estimated $ 500,000 to $ 2 million
annually in avoided lawsuits.  n44 The OAL serves an important function because
it reviews the legality of rules, but it does not evaluate whether agencies
select the most efficient method to achieve legislative goals. The office staff
are mainly attorneys and paralegals who typically do not have the expertise to
review a rule's economic impact. In the past, such expertise was unnecessary
because the law did not require the analysis of economic effects of regulation.
California law now, however, requires state agencies to assess significant
adverse effects of regulations on business or individuals.  n45 In the early
1990s, the legislature passed a series of amendments with detailed analysis
requirements. In 1991, for example, the legislature passed a bill requiring
agencies to assess the potential impact of regulation on small businesses,  n46
the first state mandate to consider the economic effects of a regulation on the
private sector. The legislature expanded the requirement to include all
businesses in 1992 and later added other requirements, such as a 1993 provision
to assess the impact of regulation on statewide employment and the
competitiveness of California enterprises with businesses from other states.
n47

   The California Administrative Procedure Act requirements generally apply to
all rules, but there are some stricter requirements for certain agencies and
certain types of rules. In 1993, the legislature added a provision to the Act to
allow the California Environmental Protection Agency (Cal EPA), Resources
Agency, and the Office of the Fire Marshall to adopt a regulation that is
substantially different from federal requirements only if it is authorized by
state law or the agency shows that the costs are justified by the benefits.  n48
The CAPA does not require an agency to compare benefits and costs anywhere else
in the statute. Another provision enacted in 1993 required the Cal EPA to
evaluate, for all major rules, whether a less costly alternative exists that
would achieve the same level of environmental protection  [*895]  as the
proposed policy.  n49 The provision thus expanded the CAPA's existing
requirement to describe alternatives for all rules.  n50

   Since the Office of Administrative Law does not evaluate the economic impact
of proposed rules, the legislature introduced a statutory oversight mechanism to
ensure such analysis played a role in the regulatory process.  n51 The bill
established the secretary of trade and commerce as an advisor to the review
process. It authorized the secretary to review an agency's evaluation of the
impact of its proposed regulation and to submit written comments to the agency
explaining any observed deficiencies. The Regulation Review Unit (RRU) of the
Trade and Commerce Department performs these tasks. The unit helps agencies
decide which information the agencies should use for their analyses and include
in the final report and also is a resource to the agencies on the practical
application of benefit-cost analysis.  n52 The unit can help agencies conduct
better analyses, but it cannot veto rules. If the analysis is deficient, the
Regulation Review Unit can only communicate its concerns to the agency. Only the
Office of Administrative Law can veto a regulation if it is not "acceptable."
States must have oversight entities with the power to evaluate the economic
analysis, as well as the legality, of a rule to truly achieve regulatory reform.

   The Regulation Review Unit was established in December 1995, so it is too
early to evaluate its long-term impact on the regulatory process. There are,
however, some early examples of the unit's positive contributions to the
process. In one case, the RRU identified an adverse annual impact of tens of
million of dollars from a proposed rule to restrict the use of state property.
n53 The agency intended the regulation to restrict vendors, such as hot dog
stands and coffee carts. It would have prohibited other commercial activities,
such as filming, on state property--an impact the promulgating agency did not
originally consider. Subsequent to the RRU's comments, the agency modified the
rule. This case illustrates that review by outside parties may help agencies
correct many obvious, unintentional errors. Even if the monetary benefits of
these interventions are somewhat overstated, the experience  [*896]  in
California illustrates the potential benefits of holding regulators accountable
by assigning an oversight function to an entity with economic expertise.

   Beyond the statutory mandates for analysis and review, Governor Wilson has
signed numerous executive orders to encourage further regulatory reform. In
1995, he signed an executive order that required agencies to review each
regulation and identify all rules suitable for repeal.  n54 This process
identified 3,900 regulations for repeal and 1,700 for modification.  n55 As with
all other states, there is no comprehensive assessment of the economic impact of
these activities. A 1996 executive order required the formation of a regulatory
review task force to conduct public meetings and make specific recommendations
to further reform the regulatory process. The Governor's Office of Planning and
Research coordinated regional hearings, collected comments and recommendations
from more than 300 individuals, and presented 10 recommendations.  n56 These
recommendations ranged from the expansion of a one-stop permit program to better
enforcement of existing regulations.  n57

   The governor appeared to take the recommendations seriously. He addressed
half of the recommendations from the regulatory review task force to some extent
in an executive order issued in January of 1997.  n58 To partially address the
request for periodic sunset reviews, for example, the governor ordered a
one-time sunset review of all existing regulation by 1999.  n59 This is perhaps
the most significant provision in the executive order because it states an
explicit goal to reduce total compliance costs by 5 percent per year. The
governor previously had ordered a review of all regulations with only a vague
goal to reduce the excessive burdens from regulation.  n60 Other  [*897]  states
with a quantitative goal focus on the reduction of the total number of rules,
which has an ambiguous effect on the regulatory burden because agencies can
combine regulations to reduce the total number.  n61 California is, therefore,
the only state with an explicit goal that may reduce the regulatory burden.  n62

   The criteria agencies must use to review existing regulations are similar to
the California Administrative Procedures Act requirements for proposed
regulations. The agencies must review the authority, necessity, and
cost-effectiveness of rules,  n63 update the fiscal and economic effects of the
rules, minimize duplication and inconsistencies with federal and local
regulations, and consider less burdensome alternatives to achieve regulatory
goals. Each agency must also calculate cost savings from their efforts and show
it has achieved a 5 percent reduction in compliance costs.  n64 The results of
the review are unclear since the process is still in progress. If the agencies
comply with the requirements of the 1997 executive order, California will have
an estimate of the total costs of state regulation. This data would be
invaluable to decision makers attempting to assess the effectiveness and
efficiency of existing regulatory programs and could help guide them toward
economically efficient reform efforts in the future.

   The executive order also requires agencies to provide an Economic and Fiscal
Impact Statement as part of the rule-making record, a requirement that builds on
previous efforts to incorporate a standard economic impact statement into the
rule-making process. The Economic and Fiscal Impact Statement is not a
substitute for the analyses and documentation required by the California
Administrative Procedures Act, but a supplement designed to provide a clear and
concise summary of the economic effects identified in the analyses.  n65
California had a standard format for the Economic and Fiscal Impact Statement
before the executive order but had no equivalent form for the economic impact
assessment required by the CAPA. The Department  [*898]  of Finance issued a
four-page form for the new impact statement to help agencies comply with the
requirement, and the Regulation Review Unit developed explicit instructions to
help agencies fill out the form.  n66

   A standard form forces California agencies to clearly state their findings
about various types of economic effects. The new statement allows qualitative
responses in some cases, but it does not allow responses such as "inapplicable"
or "unknown" without further information to clarify the response.  n67 One of
the major problems with regulatory impact analysis at the federal level is a
lack of consistency in the presentation of information.  n68 Even if an agency
develops a regulatory impact analysis, the process through which an agency
arrives at its final calculations is often unclear. The agency also does not
usually provide a concise summary statement of the findings from the analysis.
n69 A standard form will allow the Regulation Review Unit, as well as other
interested parties, to easily review an agency's economic impact estimates. If
the Regulation Review Unit determines the analysis is deficient, it can provide
comments that the agency must address in writing. The Economic and Fiscal Impact
Statement therefore helps increase transparency and accountability in the
regulatory process.

   No documentation of the actual efficiency gains from the recent reform
efforts currently exists. Evidence suggests, however, that California is moving
in the right direction. Statutory requirements do not ensure compliance, but
California has laid a solid foundation by amending the California Administrative
Procedures Act to encourage agencies to analyze the economic effects of
regulation and to improve oversight processes. Governor Wilson has complemented
these efforts with several initiatives to increase the use of economic analysis
for both proposed and existing regulations and has made an effort to incorporate
suggestions from the regulated community on improving the regulatory process.
The actual economic impact deserves further study as the changes begin to take
hold.

    [*899]  Florida

   Florida enacted the Florida Administrative Procedures Act (FAPA) with
provisions for economic analysis in the early 1970s, but major efforts to
overhaul the rule-making process did not occur until 1995.  n70 Democratic
Governor Lawton Chiles was noticeably silent on regulatory reform issues prior
to his reelection in 1994. He made the issue a top priority with his inaugural
speech in January of 1995, however, in part to build bridges with reform-minded
Republicans who made major gains in the state legislature in the 1994 election.
Governor Chiles identified two primary goals for the reform effort: (1) to
reduce rules and regulations by 50 percent within 2 years and (2) to reduce the
inflexibility of rules by increasing agency discretion in the rule-making
process.  n71

   To achieve his two goals, the governor signed two executive orders and the
1996 amendments to the FAPA into law. The two executive orders directed all
agencies to conduct a page-by-page review of all rules and to eliminate and
revise them as necessary.  n72 The 1996 amendments, which the legislature passed
after the governor vetoed less rigorous amendments in 1995, also furthered the
effort to reduce the number of regulations because they contain provisions to
hold agencies more accountable for the economic impact of regulations. The
accountability provisions include language that requires agencies to choose the
"least-cost" alternative subject to judicial and internal review, limitations on
agency rule makings without explicit legislative authority, and a sunset
provision for existing rules.  n73 The amendments also shift the burden of proof
to agencies if regulated parties challenge the rule. All of these provisions
make it more difficult for agencies to promulgate regulations and therefore are
consistent with the governor's commitment to reducing the number of Florida
rules.

   The 1996 amendments also reflect the governor's agreement with the sentiments
of The Death of Common Sense by Philip Howard, who argued that government could
constructively reform regulation through greater agency discretion.  n74 The
1996 amendments contained a "waiver" provision to allow agencies to grant
exceptions to rules and therefore supposedly increased the flexibility of agency
rule making. The statute requires the  [*900]  agency to grant waivers when the
rule creates a "substantial hardship" or when the purpose of the statute can be
achieved by "other means."  n75 The governor's personal frustration with
government bureaucracy supported the waiver provision, as he frequently told the
story of the red tape he encountered when he attempted to add a cook shack to
his log cabin in the woods.  n76

   Despite the amount of political muscle devoted to reform in Florida, it
appears that the initiatives have had less substantive impact on policy than
originally hoped for by the governor and other legislators. The governor's goal
to reduce the number of rules by 50 percent has not resulted in the expected
reduction in the regulatory burden, although agencies purged many outdated
regulations from the record. Florida defines a rule as a rule section of the
Florida Administrative Code.  n77 As a result, Florida eliminated regulations in
response to the governor's mandate by simply merging sections of the
Administrative Code. Florida also repealed many procedural and technical rules
that did not substantively affect the agency's original policies.  n78 Florida
repealed close to 10,000 rules and was in the process of repealing almost 500
more by mid-1997,  n79 but it appears that few substantive changes to
regulations have been made. The staff of the Committee on Governmental Rules and
Regulations systematically reviewed 5 percent of the repealed rules to determine
whether the policy followed by the agencies changed as a result of the repeals.
n80 Of the 251 rules in the sample, agencies did not use 44 percent, integrated
26 percent into new or existing rules, and moved 6 percent to agency policy or
procedure. Approximately 4 percent exist in some other form.  n81 If this sample
is any indication of all repealed rules, it is clear that the so-called repeal
of rules did not necessarily result in the expected policy changes.

   Although it is perhaps too soon to tell, the waiver provision and the
accountability provisions in the 1996 FAPA amendments also may not work as
intended. The legislature enacted the waiver provision to help agencies avoid
difficulties stemming from inflexible regulation, similar to those encountered
[*901]  by the governor when he built his cook shack.  n82 Interest groups may,
however, influence the regulatory agency by exerting pressure for waivers, and
the agency may mold policy using the waiver system to suit its own agenda. The
agency could, for example, grant waivers for environmental projects because of
internal agency bias toward environmental protection measures. These unintended
effects of the waiver provision are in part possible because Florida did not
create an oversight mechanism to hold the agencies accountable for their actions
when it enacted the waiver provision. Moreover, the move to increase agency
discretion is contrary to the original intent of Section 120.535 in FAPA, which
was added in 1991 to reduce agency discretion because of the failure of agencies
to publish rules they enforced.  n83,  n84 The governor wanted the legislature
to repeal this provision because he views such mandates as an "effort by the
legislature to micromanage the whole government."  n85 The legislature would not
repeal the provision, so the governor eventually compromised and agreed to the
waiver provision in the 1996 amendments.

   Although some of the regulatory reform efforts in Florida appear
unsuccessful, Florida is still ahead of other states in its drive to integrate
economic analysis into the rule-making process. The 1996 FAPA amendments require
a statement of estimated regulatory impact, which replaced the economic impact
statement required in the original 1974 Act.  n86 The FAPA encourages agencies
to develop regulatory impact statements for almost all rules.  n87 The agency
must produce a regulatory impact statement when a "substantially affected"
person submits a lower cost alternative that achieves the same statutory goal.
n88 The statement must contain specific information, including the number of
individuals and entities likely to be affected, budgetary costs to state and
local government agencies, compliance costs to individuals and entities, and an
analysis of the effects on small  [*902]  businesses, counties, and cities.  n89
The agency also must show a rule is preferable to the proposed alternative.  n90
The state may veto the rule if the agency does not choose the least-cost
alternative that accomplishes the statutory goal.  n91 Thus, although the FAPA
does not mandate a benefit-cost test, it requires a cost-effectiveness test for
which the agencies are accountable.  n92

   No significant gains in economic efficiency are likely to result from the
governor's efforts to reduce the number of rules and to increase agency
flexibility because they are not coupled with adequate oversight to ensure that
agencies reduce the regulatory burden. The state may, however, benefit from the
recent changes to the FAPA that induce agencies to apply cost-effectiveness
criterion as they develop regulations. Without an oversight entity to check an
agency's regulatory impact statement for potential problems, however, the use of
cost-effectiveness analysis may also not achieve desired improvements in the
regulatory process.

New York

   New York has long promoted regulatory reform and has increased the level of
its reform efforts in recent years. The state first required a regulatory impact
statement for certain rules in 1980 by an executive order and later incorporated
it into the New York Administrative Procedures Act (NYAPA).  n93 The legislature
has expanded the analysis requirements in the NYAPA steadily over the past 2
decades to include specific considerations, such as regulatory flexibility
analysis to reduce disproportionate effects on small businesses and localities.
n94

   The central executive branch office has reviewed proposed rules since the
early 1980s. The legislature created the Office of Business Permits in 1980 to
serve as a central clearinghouse for information about the numerous state permit
requirements, changed the name of the office to the Office of Business  [*903]
Permits and Regulatory Assistance,  n95 and expanded its responsibilities to
include the review of required regulatory analyses.  n96 Changes to the NYAPA
codified the regulatory review functions of the Office of Business Permits and
Regulatory Assistance.  n97 The NYAPA required the office to determine whether
each rule (1) is clearly written; (2) is consistent with the legislative
purpose, existing statutes, and existing rules; (3) is a duplication of an
existing state statute, federal statute, or rule; and (4) has been analyzed
adequately by the appropriate entity. The state did not require the Office of
Business Permits and Regulatory Assistance to balance the benefits and costs of
rules.

   The state renamed the office again in 1993 to the Office of Regulatory and
Management Assistance and expanded its functions. Governor Cuomo expanded the
Regulatory Reform Program initiated in 1988 and designated the Office of
Regulatory and Management Assistance as the coordinating office.  n98 The Office
of Regulatory and Management Assistance's functions were similar to those of the
federal government's Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs in the Office
of Management and Budget.  n99 The Office of Regulatory and Management
Assistance did not have veto power, but the NYAPA required agencies to respond
to its comments and objections or the Office could force the agencies to
withdraw the rule.  n100

   Even with statutory requirements for analysis and review and gubernatorial
initiatives to reform the regulatory process, the burdens of regulation in New
York continued to grow. In response to the public's growing discontent with an
unwieldy bureaucracy and burdensome regulatory requirements, Governor Pataki
made regulatory reform a top priority upon taking office in 1995.  n101 As one
of his first actions as governor, he signed an executive order that placed a
90-day moratorium on new rules and directed state regulatory agencies to
evaluate the economic effects of all existing regulations.  n102 Later that
year, he established the Governor's Office of Regulatory  [*904]  Reform (GORR)
as the central office to review the effects of proposed regulatory activities,
taking over the function of the Office of Regulatory and Management Assistance.
n103 He also expanded requirements for agencies to assess the economic impact of
proposed rules.  n104

   Some measurable outputs resulted from the executive orders and the GORR's
efforts over the last 3 years. A database of "regulatory successes" shows that
the GORR's intervention in the proposed rule-making stage of the process has led
to annual compliance cost savings of over $ 200 million.  n105 Table 5
summarizes four interventions by the GORR, two of which account for almost all
of the cost savings. The first is an effort by the GORR and the Department of
Environmental Conservation to overhaul the draft of a rule to implement a Clean
Air Act regulation. The review reduced industry costs by $ 5.5 million compared
to the original draft of the regulation. The second was the GORR's rejection of
a proposed regulation to make buildings more earthquake resistant. The GORR
rejected the rule twice because of a lack of adequate scientific data to support
a stricter building code. The agency finally withdrew this rule, which would
have increased new construction costs by $ 220 million annually.

TABLE 5

   EXAMPLES OF COST SAVINGS FROM NEW YORK'S REVIEW OF PROPOSED REGULATION
Regulation               Summary            Agency           Savings
                                            Action
Building Code   Proposed regulations to    Withdraw  The proposed regulation
                  make buildings more                  would have added 3%-4%
                  earthquake resistant                 to the cost of new
                  were twice rejected by               construction,
                  Governor's Office of                 approximately $ 220
                  Regulatory Reform (GORR)             million a year.
                  for lacking adequate
                  scientific evidence. The
                  proposal was finally
                  withdrawn.
Clean Air Act   A cooperative effort       Amend     The amendments saved
  Regulation      between GORR and                     industry $ 5.5
                  Department of                        million.
                  Environmental
                  Conservation (DEC)
                  overhauled a draft
                  regulation to comply
                  with federal Clean Air
                  Act requirements.
Fishing         GORR worked with DEC to    Withdraw  The proposed regulation
                  withdraw a proposed                  would have caused each
                  regulation requiring                 fishery operator
                  fisheries to tag every               $ 20,000 a year to
                  black bass. This                     comply.
                  regulation strove to
                  curb trafficking of
                  illegal bass. An
                  effective but less
                  burdensome alternative
                  was the use of
                  identifiable containers.
Food-Processing DEC circulated a draft     Withdraw  N.A.
  Waste           regulation imposing new
                  restrictive permitting
                  requirements for
                  food-processing waste
                  and sludge. Instead of
                  implementing the
                  regulation, regulators
                  and stakeholders
                  developed voluntary
                  protocol for the
                  beneficial use of these
                  by-products.

   SOURCE.--Estimates are from the Governor's Office of Regulatory Reform's web
page, Success Stories in Regulatory Reform,
http://www.state.ny.us/gorr/success.html (August 3, 1997).

   NOTE.--N.A. = not applicable.

   The GORR may also have contributed to real cost savings totaling $ 600
million annually resulting from the review of existing regulations.  n106 Table
6 summarizes 10 of these rules. The state repealed, for example, an archaic
regulation restricting hearses from traveling on certain parkways. The
regulation cost funeral home owners $ 8 million annually in increased
transportation and travel time costs. The state also repealed a 1994 regulation
requiring the installation of reflective signs on the bottom of hotel and dorm
room doors to indicate the room number. The rule was a result of a suggestion
from a concerned sixth grader who believed the signs would aid people crawling
through the halls during an evacuation. The agency implemented the rule without
any scientific evidence to show its dedication to improving safety. The repeal
of this rule produced a one-time compliance cost savings of $ 340,000 and annual
savings of $ 11,000.

    [*905]   [*906]   [*907]  TABLE 6

   EXAMPLES OF COST SAVINGS FROM NEW YORK'S REVIEW OF EXISTING REGULATION
Regulation               Summary            Agency           Savings
                                            Action
Medicaid        This rule changes the      Amend     Prior approval was
 Reimbursement    cumbersome prior                     required due to the
 for Clozapine    approval process for                 high cost of
                  Medicaid reimbursement               Clozapine, but the
                  to allow easier access               avoided psychiatric
                  to the drug Clozapine.               center costs will save
                  It allows more                       taxpayers at least
                  schizophrenic patients               $ 17 million a year.
                  to avoid confinement in
                  psychiatric centers.
Telephone       The rule change proposed   Amend     This rule allows phone
 Billing          by the Department of                 companies to validate
                  Public Service allows                the identity of
                  telephone companies to               applicants, saving an
                  validate proof of                    estimated $ 12.5
                  identity for applicants.             million yearly in
                  It also requires phone               uncollected bills.
                  bills to clearly list
                  the name of the billing
                  company and a contact
                  number.
Licensing of    The Department of State    Amend     Removing this
 Cosmetologists   eliminated the                       requirement saves
                  requirement for                      $ 8.6 million a year
                  cosmetologists to have a             in doctors' fees, in
                  doctor's signature                   addition to the time
                  verifying that he/she                saved.
                  has no communicable
                  disease when renewing a
                  license.
Highway Travel  The Department of          Repeal    Elimination of this rule
 Restrictions     Transportation and the               saves $ 8 million a
 for Hearses      Governor's Office of                 year in added
                  Regulatory Reform (GORR)             transportation costs.
                  are working to eliminate
                  a regulation that
                  prohibits hearses from
                  traveling on selected
                  parkways.
Transfer of     The proposed changes       Amend,    This will create an
 Foreign          create uniform           repeal      annual savings to New
 Nationals        procedures for the                   York of $ 6.3 million.
                  voluntary transfer of
                  incarcerated foreign
                  nationals.
Nursing Home    The Health Department is   Repeal    This change reduces
 Regulations      eliminating a rule that              delays in admitting
                  requires a 30-day notice             new patients that
                  before moving a resident             could save them $ 1.5
                  to a different room.                 million a year.
Hospital        The Health Department      Amend     The new requirement will
 Volunteers       proposes a less                      save hospitals $ 1.6
                  stringent medical check              million per year.
                  than currently required
                  for people interested in
                  volunteering.
Newborn Foot    The Health Department      Repeal    Repealing this
 Printing         eliminated the                       requirement saves
                  requirement for all                  hospitals $ 1.5
                  newborns to be foot                  million a year.
                  printed and their
                  mothers fingerprinted.
                  Footprints were rarely
                  used for identification
                  and new technology makes
                  this method obsolete.
Termite Control The proposed rule lowers   Amend     The changes will produce
                  the restrictions for the             a savings of $ 1.4
                  application of termite               million per year for
                  control chemicals.                   homeowners.
Hotel Room      A 1994 regulation required Repeal    The removal of the rule
 Signs            the installation of                  produced a one-time
                  reflective signs on the              savings of $ 340,000
                  doors of hotel and dorm              and an annual savings
                  rooms. The rule was                  of $ 11,000.
                  based on the suggestion
                  of a sixth grader
                  concerned about fire
                  safety. The rule was
                  repealed.

   SOURCE.--Estimates are from the Governor's Office of Regulatory Reform's web
page, Success Stories in Regulatory Reform,
http://www.state.ny.us/gorr/success.html (August 3, 1997).

    [*908]  The cost savings estimates must be interpreted carefully, however,
for two reasons. First, many of these costs represent potential regulatory costs
and not an actual reduction in a regulatory burden. Second, it is difficult to
determine which policy the agency would have implemented absent the GORR's
intervention. For example, the agency may have redesigned a rule with large
compliance costs as a result of the notice and comment process. Although
agencies do not seriously consider all comments during the notice and comment
process, they do tend to incorporate suggestions from interested parties with
significant political clout. The agency may therefore have switched to a less
burdensome alternative during this process, even without the existence of the
GORR.

   New York's reform efforts show that analysis and review requirements do not
necessarily result in cost-effective regulation. Even with the reform
initiatives in place during the 1980s and early 1990s, agencies adopted rules
like the requirement for reflective door signs. The New York Administrative
Procedures Act and executive orders provide the necessary authority to implement
a reform program, but it took a central agency with the political backing of the
governor to have a noticeable impact.

Virginia

   The Virginia Administrative Process Act (VAPA) has required agencies to
assess the compliance costs of regulations since 1977,  n107 but in the early
1990s agencies presented compliance cost estimates for less than 20 percent of
rules in the state Register.  n108 To improve compliance with statutory
requirements, the legislature passed amendments to the VAPA to change the
structure of the analysis and review process. In addition, newly elected
governor George Allen signed executive orders to facilitate the implementation
of these changes and called for the analysis and review of existing regulations.
n109 These efforts led agencies to some improved documentation of regulatory
benefits and costs.  n110

   A 1994 VAPA amendment shifted the responsibility for conducting the  [*909]
economic impact analysis from individual agencies to the Department of Planning
and Budget (DPB).  n111 The DPB now coordinates with the agencies to prepare
economic analyses for all rules. These analyses must contain information such as
the projected costs to affected businesses and the projected number of affected
businesses and local governments. The state further amended the VAPA in 1995 to
require agencies to include an estimate of the fiscal impact on localities  n112
and the impact on the use and value of private property.  n113 The DPB reports
that agencies' compliance with the cost-reporting requirements is now 100
percent, compared with 20 percent just a few years ago.  n114

   Virginia is the only state that designates a central entity to review agency
data and prepare an analysis of regulatory effects. To assess the quality of the
state's completed analyses, copies of all economic impact analyses that the DPB
produced from September of 1995 through April of 1997 were obtained. A database
was then constructed that contains summary information about each of the rules
along with the DPB's economic impact estimates if available. The database also
scores each rule on whether the DPB assessed costs or cost savings, quantified
benefits, and monetized benefits.  n115 In addition, the database notes whether
the DPB believed the rule would produce net benefits to the state.

   Table 7 presents the scorecard for the DPB's preparation of economic impact
analyses. In almost all cases, rules either affect very few firms or they change
minor procedures and do not result in a significant change in compliance costs.
Many rules actually have cost savings because they are modifications to existing
regulations in response to Governor Allen's review of existing regulations
discussed below. The DPB, however, presents estimates of costs or cost savings
or states that there are no costs or cost savings in only 55 percent of the
economic impact analyses. In 26 percent of the economic impact analyses, DPB
found zero costs or cost savings. These rules represent nearly half of all rules
for which DPB assesses the cost or cost savings. Only 5 percent of economic
impact analyses quantified benefits, and only 4 percent monetized benefits.

   TABLE 7

   VIRGINIA'S REGULATORY SCORECARD
                                                               Economic
                                                            Impact Analyses
Costs or cost savings quantified:
  DPB found nonzero costs or cost savings                      32 (29%)
  DPB found zero costs or cost savings                         29 (26%)
  DPB did not state costs or cost savings                      50 (45%)
Benefits quantified:
  DPB quantified positive benefits                              6 (5%)
  DPB found zero benefits                                      33 (30%)
  DPB did not state benefits                                   72 (65%)
Benefits monetized:
  DPB monetized positive benefits                               4 (4%)
  DPB found zero benefits                                      33 (30%)
  DPB did not state benefits                                   74 (67%)
DPB states the benefits are likely to exceed the costs<a>      50 (45%)

   NOTE.--Values are based on author's review of 111 economic impact analyses
(EIAs) prepared by the Department of Planning and Budget (DPB).

   a An EIA qualified for this category if the DPB attempted to determine
whether benefits exceed costs. Since the data are uncertain, the DPB expressed
varying levels of confidence in their conclusions.

   In general, the analyses qualitatively describe the economic effects but
[*910]  provide no quantitative support. Many analyses note that the cost of
quantifying the effects would be prohibitively large. Only in a few cases are
the estimated effects clearly presented in a tabular format. Often analyses use
vague language and present a few numbers without putting these numbers in
context or noting the most likely economic effects. The analyses often do not
provide the base year for the impact, the year dollar for the cost estimates, or
probabilities of the likelihood of the outcome. As these are basic components of
a thorough economic impact analysis, it appears that no oversight entity
critically reviewed the agency evaluations. The DPB's assertion that 45 percent
of the regulations it assessed produce net benefits to the state is therefore
questionable.

   Although some of the DPB analyses are obviously inadequate, the information
presented in many of the analyses seems sufficient given the purpose of the
rules. Rules that change fees slightly or require a slightly different procedure
for applying for a license, for example, may require only a concise statement of
the objectives of the rules and the potential benefits and costs. It is not
clear, however, that the state allocates enough resources for review of
regulations with more significant effects.

   Although analyses of more "significant" rules are generally longer than the
analyses of rules with lesser economic impact, they do not appear much more
sophisticated. Because the DPB has reviewed rules for only a few  [*911]  years,
the quality of analysis will probably improve over time. The more important
question is whether the analyses have had any impact on policy. The DPB states
that the analyses have "been widely cited and have actively fueled public debate
on specific regulatory initiatives,"  n116 but the actual impact of the analyses
is not well documented.

   Governor Allen's 1994 executive order resulted in some documented savings
because it directed agencies to review all existing regulations to reduce the
regulatory burden.  n117 Over a 3-year period, the agencies reviewed 1,457
regulations and recommended the elimination of 30 percent of the rules and the
modification of 41 percent of the rules. The cost savings reported in many of
the economic impact analyses resulted from these reforms. The DPB did not
compile an aggregate savings estimate from its efforts in its report on the
comprehensive review of existing regulations, but it did present examples of
economic analyses prepared for rules modified under the direction of the
executive order.  n118 Only two of the 25 analyses estimated the expected cost
savings, which combined account for close to $ 2 million annually. Although
Virginia's documented cost savings do not compare to the cost savings claimed by
New York, the review efforts have reduced the regulatory burden.

   The Virginia example shows that a lack of oversight results in a lack of
compliance. The state now has an independent agency conducting the economic
analysis, which presumably presents a more balanced assessment than an agency
would, although it is not clear to what extent it challenges the assumptions of
the agency. The assessment of the economic analyses shows that agencies can
improve the analyses, but the DPB is making progress.

   IV. CONCLUSION

   The examination of regulatory reform initiatives at both the federal and
state level reveals their strengths and limitations. Efforts to improve
regulation are least effective when requirements are vague and lack specific
guidelines and when states do not establish adequate oversight mechanisms.
Regulatory reform efforts are most effective when they have active political
support and a strong, well-funded, central oversight mechanism exists. Practiced
artfully, structured and careful analysis of regulations can help achieve
desired social objectives at a lower cost. It can also help agencies  [*912]
compare the economic costs and benefits of different goals and objectives and
will increase the accountability of regulators and lawmakers.

   States use different reform mechanisms with varying degrees of effectiveness.
All states, however, can improve upon current efforts. Few states assess the
economic impact of most rules in detail, even when laws or executive orders
encourage or require such analysis. Many states do not systematically review
regulations at all. States with ongoing programs should improve them by using
stricter statutory language, more detailed guidelines, and more comprehensive
oversight mechanisms. States without programs should establish them. All states
should carefully document the impact of reform measures to provide much needed
information on the effectiveness of reform.

   If analysis of the economic impact of rules plays a more prominent nationwide
role in the regulatory process, the effectiveness of analytical requirements
will most likely increase. As agencies take their analysis and review
responsibilities more seriously because of increased oversight and stricter
requirements, the quality of analyses will improve. Policy makers will therefore
integrate the new information into the decision-making process faster and more
willingly than if they suspect the analyses are academically weak or politically
motivated. A transparent, well-designed review process will encourage regulators
to pursue more efficient policies.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Administrative LawAgency RulemakingGeneral OverviewCivil
ProcedureAppealsStandards of ReviewDe Novo ReviewGovernmentsLocal
GovernmentsFinance

FOOTNOTES:




n1  There is no widely accepted definition of regulation. The Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) defines regulation as a statement by an agency to
implement, interpret, or prescribe law or policy or to describe the procedure or
practice of an agency. See OMB, Report to Congress on the Costs and Benefits of
Federal Regulation 24 (1997). The federal government and the states use similar
definitions to establish requirements for the analysis and review of
administrative rule making. Therefore, although regulations are generally
perceived as agency rules that constrain the behavior of individuals or
business, the legal definition of regulation also includes internal agency
management. In this paper, the terms "regulation" and "rule" are used
interchangeably.




n2  Proposed regulations are new regulations or modifications of existing
regulations.




n3  Some analysts have evaluated various attempts to reform specific types of
state regulation, but no one has systematically examined comprehensive reforms.
For example, Kristin Loerzel, State Regulatory Reform Initiatives (1996), and
Alexander Volokh, Lynn Scarlett, & Scott Bush, Race to the Top: The Innovative
Face of State Environmental Management (Policy Study No. 239, 1998), highlight
recent attempts designed to reform state environmental regulation. Richard
Whisnant & Diane DeWitt Cherry, 31 Wake Forest L. Rev. 693 (1996), reviews the
use of economic analysis in selected states.




n4  For an overview of state initiatives, see New York Governor's Office of
Regulatory Reform, A Review of State Regulatory Initiatives (1995).




n5  See National Association on Administrative Rules Review, 1996-97
Administrative Rules Review Directory and Survey (1996). The survey was sent in
May 1996 to 126 individuals across the 50 states and territories involved in
some aspect of the rules review process. The NAARR received 60 usable responses,
representing 49 states and Puerto Rico. Ten states provided multiple survey
submissions, but in most cases only a single individual responded to the survey.
Although most of the answers provided by individuals from the same state were
identical, there were some discrepancies that the NAARR resolved by
communicating directly with the respondents. The NAARR made no efforts, however,
to validate the responses from states with individual respondents beyond calling
the respondents for clarification of particular answers.




n6  Conn. Gen. Stat. §§ 4-168, 4-168a (1999).




n7  The NAARR survey may have overlooked some programs, but the major programs
have been identified.




n8  The 20 states in the survey were chosen because significant reform efforts
are underway in all of these states, whereas investigation of the other 30
states revealed little emphasis on regulatory reform. The author does not
contend that his survey is exhaustive, however, as it was conducted without the
methodological rigor necessary to make such an assertion. The author is
confident, however, that he identified the major regulatory reform programs and
has characterized them accurately.




n9  For more detailed information on individual states, see Robert W. Hahn,
State and Federal Regulatory Reform: A Comparative Analysis (Working Paper No.
98-3, AEI-Brookings Joint Ctr. for Reg. Stud. 1998).




n10  OMB, More Benefits, Fewer Burdens: Creating A Regulatory System That Works
for the American People, A Report to the President on the Third Anniversary of
Executive Order 12866, at A-1 (1996).




n11  Joint Legislative Audit and Review Committee, Review of Virginia's
Administrative Process Act to the Governor and the General Assembly of Virginia
(1993).




n12  See Hahn, supra note 9, for additional information on individual states. It
includes information on administrative procedures, entities primarily
responsible for coordination, and the measurable results of the review.




n13  The two categories do not add up to 18 because New York is counted in both
categories. New York implemented a one-time review in 1995 and enacted a
provision to require a periodic review in 1996.




n14  Again, the two categories do not add up to 18 because New York is counted
in both categories. The governor of New York ordered a one-time review by an
executive order, and the periodic review requirement is a statutory provision.




n15  Telephone interview by Fumie Yokota, research assistant, American
Enterprise Institute, with Clare Eberle, Joint Committee on Administrative Rules
(October 6, 1997).




n16  Ind. Code § 4-22-2.5-2 (1999). The legislature must review all rules in
force as of December 31, 1995, in 2002.




n17  In 1997, for example, the legislature allowed only seven rules adopted in
1996 to expire. Six of the rules were regulations regarding fees by various
medical boards, and the seventh was a regulation of book-keeping procedures for
the Registry of Election Finance. See 1997 Tenn. Pub. Acts 433, tit. 4, ch. 5
(1996).




n18  Exec. Order No. 66, N.J. Reg., 1978 N.J. Laws. The Order exempts rules the
state adopted to comply with federal law and rules that contain requirements
that would violate a state or federal law.




n19  See Section III for a more detailed discussion.




n20  See Section III for a more detailed discussion.




n21  These problems also arise at the federal level, but federal agencies
generally treat them with more care (see, for example, Robert W. Hahn,
Government Analysis of the Benefits and Costs of Regulation, 12(4) J. Econ.
Persp. 201 (1998)).




n22  Telephone interview by Fumie Yokota, research assistant, American
Enterprise Institute, with Anthony Miragliotta, New Jersey Office Administrative
Law (October 6, 1997).




n23  Other states, such as Arizona, Massachusetts, and Michigan, have noteworthy
programs. This paper does not review them because there was little or no
information available on the economic impact of their efforts, although
assessments of the number of rules amended or repealed were available. Florida
lacks information on the economic impact as well, but Florida shows that the
rule review process can lead to some undesirable results.




n24  The purpose of the Calendar was to point out regulatory overlap and provide
information on the benefits and costs of proposed actions.




n25  For a review of some efforts to "reinvent government," see Inside the
Reinvention Machine: Appraising Governmental Reform (Donald F. Kettl & John J.
DiIulio, Jr., eds. 1995).




n26  See A1 Gore, Creating a Government That Works Better and Costs Less: Report
of the National Performance Review (1993).




n27  See William J. Clinton, Regulatory Reinvention Initiative: Memorandum for
Heads of Departments and Agencies (March 4, 1995). President Bush also asked
agencies to review existing regulations and suggest methods to streamline them.
See OMB, Regulatory Program of the United States Government: April 1, 1992-March
31, 1993, at 9-10 (1993).




n28  National Performance Review, The Best Kept Secrets in Government: A Report
to President Bill Clinton 173 (1996).




n29  See Risk Assessment and Cost-Benefit Act of 1995, H.R. 1022, 104th Cong.,
1st Sess. (February 23, 1995); Comprehensive Regulatory Reform Act of 1995, S.
343, 104th Cong., 1st Sess. (February 2, 1995).




n30  By risk-risk analysis, I mean an evaluation of potential increases in
health risks that may arise from efforts to combat a targeted health risk. Such
an evaluation can help decision makers compare policies. See, for example,
Lester Lave, The Strategy of Social Regulation (1981). Farmers, for example, may
increase the use of an equally toxic alternative pesticide if use of the
original pesticide is restricted or banned to prevent drinking water
contamination. For more detailed examples of such trade-offs, see Risk vs. Risk:
Tradeoffs in Protecting Health and the Environment (John D. Graham & Jonathan B.
Wiener eds. 1995).




n31  The Amendments also require some form of risk-risk analysis. They require
the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to set maximum levels
for contaminants in drinking water at a "feasible" level, defined as feasible
with the use of the best technology and treatment techniques available, while
"taking cost into consideration." The administrator must ignore the feasibility
constraint if the feasible level would result in an increase in the
concentration of other contaminants in drinking water or would interfere with
the efficacy of treatment techniques used to comply with other national primary
drinking water regulations. If the feasibility constraint does not apply, the
administrator must set the maximum level to minimize "the overall risk of
adverse health effects by balancing the risk from the contaminant and the risk
from other contaminants." Safe Drinking Water Act (PHSA), 42 U.S.C.S. § 300g-1
(a)(5)(B)(i).




n32  See Thomas D. Hopkins, Cost of Regulation: Filling the Gaps, Report
Prepared for the Regulatory Information Service Center (1992).




n33  Regulatory Accounting Provision--Stevens Amendment--was included in the
Omnibus Consolidated Appropriations Act, 1997, Pub. L. No. 104-208 § 645 Stat.
See Robert W. Hahn & Robert E. Litan, Improving Regulatory Accountability
(1997), for a discussion of the implication of this provision.




n34  See OMB, Report to Congress on the Costs and Benefits of Federal Regulation
24 (1997).




n35  See OMB, Report to Congress on the Costs and Benefits of Federal Regulation
(1998).




n36  Reviving Regulatory Reform: A Global Perspective § 11 (Robert W. Hahn ed.
2000, in press).




n37  See John F. Morrall, A Review of the Record, Regulation, November-December
1986, at 25-34; and W. Kip Viscusi, The Dangers of Unbounded Commitments to
Regulate Risk, in Risks, Costs, and Lives Saved: Getting Better Results from
Regulation (Robert W. Hahn ed. 1996).




n38  See Tammy O. Tengs & John D. Graham, The Opportunity Costs of Haphazard
Social Investments in Life-Saving, in Hahn ed., supra note 37.




n39  See Economic Analyses at EPA: Assessing Regulatory Impact (Richard D.
Morgenstern ed. 1997).




n40  Analysis is often used to justify political ends. See, for example, Janet
Yellen, Testimony of Janet Yellen, Chair, Council of Economic Advisers, before
the U.S. Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry on the
Economics of the Kyoto Protocol (Council of Economic Advisers, March 5, 1998).




n41  For a detailed review of California regulatory review initiatives, see
California Trade and Commerce Agency, Regulation Review Unit, Improving
Regulations and Rulemaking (1997).




n42  Cal. Gov't Code § 11340 (1999). In California, laws normally identified as
"statutes" in other states are designated as "codes."




n43  Cal. Gov't Code § 11340.




n44  See California Trade and Commerce Agency, supra note 41, at 20. The date
and derivation of the cost-savings estimate is not documented.




n45  Cal. Gov't Code § 11346 (1999).




n46  1991 Cal. Stat. 794.




n47  1992 Cal. Stat. 1306; and 1993 Cal. Stat. 1038, 1063.




n48  1993 Cal. Stat. 1046.




n49  1993 Cal. Stat. 418.




n50  A major regulation is a rule with an impact on the private sector that
exceeds $ 10 million. See 1993 Cal. Stat. 418 § 57,005 (a).




n51  1993 Cal. Stat. 418.




n52  See California Trade and Commerce Agency, Regulation Review Unit, Bringing
Economic Sense to Regulation: Impact Assessment Information and Criteria, Draft
Report (1996); and California Trade and Commerce Agency, Regulation Review Unit,
Economic Impact Statement Instructions: California State Administrative Manual §
6680 (1998).




n53  California Trade and Commerce Agency, Regulation Review Unit, Improving
Regulations and Rulemaking 22 (1997).




n54  Cal. Exec. Order No. W-127-95 (1995). In 1996, Governor Wilson issued
another executive order to require agencies to submit all regulations the agency
recommended for repeal or modification to the Office of Administrative Law for
appropriate regulatory action (Cal. Exec. Order No. W-131-96 (1996)).




n55  Cal. Exec. Order No. W-131-96.




n56  California Governor's Office of Planning and Research, Recommendations from
the Regulatory Review Roundtables (1996).




n57  Id.




n58  Cal. Exec. Order No. W-144-97 (1997).




n59  Other recommendations implemented by the executive order include the
publication of a Consolidated Regulatory Program that expands the annual
Regulatory Calendar to include information on the estimated costs of all
proposed regulations, a review of all existing statutes and administrative
provisions to help adjust the severity of fines for minor violations of
regulations that do not endanger public health or safety, and customer service
surveys implemented by each agency to ensure continuous feedback from the
regulated community on how to improve the regulatory process.




n60  Cal. Exec. Order No. W-127-95.




n61  For example, Florida has a goal to halve the number of rules in the
Administrative Code. See the next case study for a detailed discussion.




n62  The executive order directs the agencies to change regulations by
considering alternative approaches that are less intrusive or more
cost-effective. This order does not explicitly require that rules maintain the
same level of regulatory protection. Therefore, if a rule is modified to reduce
compliance costs and the social benefits from the regulation are also reduced,
the net effect may be to reduce economic efficiency.




n63  Specifically, agencies must show that the benefits from a different
requirement exceed the additional costs of a more stringent state regulation.




n64  The executive order allows agencies to include the cost savings from
actions taken under Cal. Exec. Order No. W-131-96.




n65  The Office of Regulatory Reform in Michigan and the Independent Regulatory
Review Commission in Pennsylvania both require agencies to complete a similar
form.




n66  California Trade and Commerce Agency, supra note 52.




n67  It also discourages the use of vague descriptions such as "few," "minor,"
and "occasional" without further explanation. See id. at 1.




n68  For a detailed review of federal regulatory impact analyses, see Robert W.
Hahn, Regulatory Reform: What Do the Government's Numbers Tell Us? in Hahn ed.,
supra note 37.




n69  For a summary of economic information contained in recent Federal Register
notices and suggestions for improvement of the presentation and content of that
information, see Robert W. Hahn, How Changes in the Federal Register Can Help
Improve Regulatory Accountability (AEI-Brookings Joint Center for Regulatory
Studies Working Paper No. 98-1, 1998).




n70  Jim Rossi, The 1996 Revised Florida Administrative Procedure Act: A
Rulemaking Revolution or Counter-revolution? 49 Admin. L. Rev. Am. U. 362
(1996).




n71  Id.




n72  Fla. Exec. Order Nos. 95-74 & 95-256 (1995).




n73  Rossi, supra note 70, at 353.




n74  See Phillip K. Howard, Death of Common Sense: How Law Is Suffocating
America (1994).




n75  Fla. Stat. § 120.54 (2) (1996).




n76  Lawton Chiles, Inaugural Address (Office of the Governor, State of Florida,
January 3, 1995).




n77  Fla. Exec. Order No. 95-74.




n78  Personal communication by Petrea Moyle, Research Associate, AEI-Brookings
Joint Center for Regulatory Studies, with Jim Rossi, Florida State University
College of Law (November 23, 1998).




n79  Committee on Governmental Rules and Regulation, Rules Reduction Efforts in
Florida: Florida House of Representatives, Government Responsibility Council 2
(1997).




n80  The staff ordered all of the repealed rules by their Florida Administrative
Code chapter number and included every twentieth rule in the sample. See id. at
4.




n81  The status of over 20 percent of the rules could not be determined.




n82  Rossi, supra note 70, at 354.




n83  Fla. Stat. § 120.54 (1)(a) (1996).




n84  Fla. Stat. § 120.54 (7) (1996).




n85  The governor vetoed a bill to revise the Administrative Procedures Act in
1995, criticizing the legislature for not repealing these provisions. See Veto
Message from Governor Chiles to Hon. Sandra Mortham, Secretary of State (July
12, 1995), cited in Stephen T. Maher, The Death of Rules: How Politics Is
Suffocating Florida, 8 St. Thomas L. Rev. 316, 340 (1996).




N86  The original Florida Administrative Procedures Act, passed in 1974,
contained a requirement for agencies to prepare an economic impact statement for
all proposed rules. The requirement was modified in 1992 to limit the coverage
to rules agencies determine have a significant adverse impact or when the
governor, a corporation, or at least 100 people filed a written request. See
Rossi, supra note 70, at 362-63.




n87  Fla. Stat. § 120.54 (3) (b) (1996).




n88  Fla. Stat. § 120.54(1) (1996).




n89  Fla. Stat. § 120.54(2) (1996).




n90  Fla. Stat. § 120.541 (1) (b) (1996).




n91  Fla. Stat. §§ 120.52 (8) (g), 120.541 (1) (c) (1996).




n92  For a detailed discussion, see Rossi, supra note 70, at 365-67.




n93  N.Y. Exec. Order No. 100 (1980); and New York State Administrative
Procedures Act § 202-a (1999). For a detailed discussion of the New York State
Administrative Procedures Act, see Patrick J. Brochers & David L. Markell, New
York Administrative Procedure and Practice (1995).




n94  New York State Administrative Procedures Act § 202-b. Other requirements
include rural area flexibility analysis for reducing disproportionate impact on
rural areas and job impact analysis to assess the impact on employment. See New
York State Administrative Procedures Act § 202-bb and § 201-a.




n95  See N.Y. Exec. Law § 878 (1999).




n96  See N.Y. Exec. Order No. 131 (1989).




n97  See New York State Administrative Procedures Act § 202-c (1995). This
section expired on December 31, 1995.




n98  See N.Y. Exec. Order Nos. 108 (1988) & 108.1 (1993).




n99  Brochers & Markell, supra note 93, at 105.




n100  See New York State Administrative Procedures Act § 202-c(6) (1995). This
section expired on December 31, 1995.




n101  See, for example, George E. Pataki, Inaugural Address (Office of the
Governor, State of New York, 1995).




n102  N.Y. Exec. Order No. 2 (1995). The moratorium was later extended by N.Y.
Exec. Order No. 7 (1995).




n103  The statutory authority of Office of Business Permits and Regulatory
Assistance/Office of Regulatory and Management Assistance expired on December
31, 1995. See N.Y. Exec. Law § 893 (1999).




n104  N.Y. Exec. Order No. 20 (1995). An amendment to the State Administrative
Procedures Act in 1996 now requires that the state review all rules adopted
after the effective date of the section every 5 years. See 1996 N.Y. Laws § 262,
codified in New York State Administrative Procedures Act § 207.




n105  Governor's Office of Regulatory Reform's web page, Success Stories in
Regulatory Reform, http://www.state.ny.us/gorr/success.html (August 3, 1997). A
lack of formal documentation prevented the identification of the precise basis
for the cost savings estimates.




n106  Id.




n107  Va. Code § 9-6.14:7.1 (1999).




n108  Since 1989, Virginia's Administrative Process Act has required the
publication of a concise statement of estimated regulatory effects. See Va. Code
§ 9-614:7.1(C). The Joint Legislative Audit and Review Committee reviewed all
217 rules proposed in the 1990-91 regulatory year and found that only 16 percent
of rules provided estimates of compliance costs to regulated entities. See
Virginia General Assembly, Joint Legislative Audit and Review Committee, Review
of Virginia's administrative Procedures Act: House Document No. 51, at 48-51
(1993).




n109  Va. Exec. Order Nos. 14 & 15 (1994).




n110  Virginia Dep't of Planning and Budget, A Comprehensive Review of Existing
State Regulations 3 (1997).




n111  1994 Va. Acts ch. 938.




n112  This analysis requirement was added by 1995 Va. Acts ch. 790.




n113  This analysis requirement was added by 1995 Va. Acts ch. 677.




n114  Virginia Dep't of Planning and Budget, supra note 110, at 3.




n115  Costs include compliance costs experienced by the regulated entity or
administrative costs to the regulator. Cost savings refer to a reduction in
these compliance or administrative costs. Although cost savings can be viewed as
a benefit, the economic impact analyses do not seem to consider them a benefit.
Monetized benefits are quantified benefits converted to a dollar value.




n116  Virginia Dep't of Planning and Budget, supra note 110, at 3-4.




n117  Va. Exec. Order No. 15 (1994).




n118  See Virginia Dep't of Planning and Budget, supra note 110, app. B.


                              760 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 15, 2014 Saturday

Washington: G20 Leaders' Brisbane Statement on Ebola

LENGTH: 688  words

DATELINE: Washington


The White House has issued the following news release:

We are deeply concerned about the Ebola outbreak in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra
Leone and saddened by the suffering and loss of life it is inflicting. We are
mindful of the serious humanitarian, social and economic impacts on those
countries, and of the potential for these impacts to spread.

The governments and people of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone are making
tremendous efforts to fight the outbreak, with the support of the African Union
and other African countries. We commend the brave service of health care and
relief workers. We also applaud the contributions of countries worldwide, the
United Nations (UN) and its bodies such as the World Health Organization (WHO),
international and regional organisations and financial institutions,
non-governmental and religious organisations, and the private sector. We fully
support the UN Mission for Ebola Emergency Response's ongoing work to harness
capacity to stop the outbreak, treat the infected, ensure essential services,
preserve stability and prevent further outbreaks and urge that it act swiftly to
achieve these objectives.

G20 members are committed to do what is necessary to ensure the international
effort can extinguish the outbreak and address its medium-term economic and
humanitarian costs. We will work through bilateral, regional and multilateral
channels, and in partnership with non-governmental stakeholders. We will share
our experiences of successfully fighting Ebola with our partners, including to
promote safe conditions and training for health care and relief workers. We will
work to expedite the effective and targeted disbursement of funds and other
assistance, balancing between emergency and longer-term needs.

We invite those governments that have yet to do so to join in providing
financial contributions, appropriately qualified and trained medical teams and
personnel, medical and protective equipment, and medicines and treatments. While
commending ongoing work, we urge greater efforts by researchers, regulators and
pharmaceutical companies to develop safe, effective and affordable diagnostic
tools, vaccines and treatments. We call upon international and regional
institutions, civil society and the private sector to work with governments to
mitigate the impacts of the crisis and ensure the longer-term economic recovery.

In this regard, we urge the World Bank Group (WBG) and International Monetary
Fund (IMF) to continue their strong support for the affected countries and
welcome the IMF's initiative to make available a further $300 million to stem
the Ebola outbreak and ease pressures on Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone,
through a combination of concessional loans, debt relief, and grants. We ask the
IMF and WBG to explore new, flexible mechanisms to address the economic effects
of future comparable crises.

This outbreak illustrates the urgency of addressing longer-term systemic issues
and gaps in capability, preparedness and response capacity that expose the
global economy to the impacts of infectious disease. G20 members recommit to
full implementation of the WHO's International Health Regulations (IHR). To this
end, and in the context of our broader efforts to strengthen health systems
globally, we commit to support others to implement the IHR and to build capacity
to prevent, detect, report early and rapidly respond to infectious diseases like
Ebola. We also commit to fight anti-microbial resistance. Interested G20 members
are supporting this goal through initiatives to accelerate action across the
Economic Community of West African States and other vulnerable regions and will
report progress and announce a time frame by May 2015 at the World Health
Assembly.

We invite all countries to join us in mobilizing resources to strengthen
national, regional and global preparedness against the threat posed by
infectious diseases to global health and strong, sustainable and balanced growth
for all. We will remain vigilant and responsive.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                West County Times

                      April 5, 2003 Saturday FINAL EDITION

EAST BAY ROUNDUP

BYLINE: TIMES STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 437 words


Richmond

Man shot to death near Wood Park

A 28-year-old Richmond man died Friday afternoon during a brazen, broad-daylight
shooting near Wood Park.

Police received reports of gunfire from the area of 20th Street and Grant Avenue
about 1:50 p.m. When they arrived, they found Darryl Waldron in the gutter in
front of a house on Grant.

They also found more than 20 shell casings in the street and a blue Dodge
minivan that ran into a power pole at an elbow in the road, about half a block
from Waldron, police Sgt. Enos Johnson said.

It appeared that Waldron, who may have been driving west on Grant, tried to flee
after the shooting before collapsing on the street, police said.

The van was pockmarked with bullet holes, and the driver-side window was
missing. Smashed safety-glass kernels lay in the middle of the street, not far
from Waldron.

Detectives believe Waldron was hit at least once in the torso when someone on
the south sidewalk shot at him several times.

Detectives did not have a suspect or motive Friday night.

Livermore

Developers begin ballot measure talks

A development company that has taken over Shea Homes' property interests north
of Livermore is working on strategies to place some sort of housing project on
either the city or Alameda County ballot in the next few years.

Voter approval is required for any urban development north of city limits,
thanks to Alameda County's successful Measure D open-space initiative and to
Livermore's north-side urban-growth boundary.

Pardee Homes, a subsidiary of Weyerhaeuser Realty investors, has begun meeting
with residents, business leaders and elected officials about what kind of
project voters might support for 1,386 acres north of Interstate 580.

Sacramento

Environmental review of Delta plan upheld

A state judge has upheld the environmental review of the federal and state
partnership to manage water in the Delta, rejecting opponents' arguments that
the project would hurt farmers.

Judge Patricia Esgro ruled Tuesday in Sacramento Superior Court that the CalFed
Bay-Delta Program's 22-volume environmental impact review was adequate and the
state did not have to consider the economic impact on farmers.

CalFed is intended to restore the delta, ensure a reliable supply of water for
the nation's most productive farmland and provide drinking water for 22 million
Californians.

The California Farm Bureau and the Regional Council of Rural Counties led
critics that cited dozens of arguments against the CalFed project, claiming it
would swallow farmland, increase salinity in rivers and harm fish and wildlife.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2003 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Pioneer Press, St. Paul, Minn.

                           January 27, 2005, Thursday

Use of STAR funds questioned

BYLINE: By Robert Ingrassia

LENGTH: 398 words



St. Paul City Council members cast a spotlight on the decade-old Sales Tax
Revitalization (STAR) program Wednesday, discovering a widely held concern that
using sales tax proceeds to pay off old city debt could be doing more harm than
good.

The city has been raiding the sales tax kitty to make debt payments since 2003,
when a cut in state aid sparked an intense budget crisis. The practice frees up
money in the city's general fund for police, parks, libraries and other public
services.

In all, nearly $ 11 million has been redirected from the sales tax program,
which was created in 1994 to pay for St. Paul Civic Center improvements, as well
as cultural, residential and economic development projects throughout the city.

Several council members and community representatives questioned what the city
has been giving up by turning to the sales tax, as opposed to property taxes or
some other revenue source, to fill the budget gap. Officials noted that the $ 82
million of STAR funds that have gone to development in 10 years have generated
nearly $ 1.3 billion in matching investment from grant and loan recipients.

"There is no match on STAR funds used to pay down debt," said Steve Gordon,
chairman of a mayoral-appointed board that makes recommendations on how the
funds are spent. "There is cause for great concern about what debt service has
done for match and leverage (of STAR funds)."

Council Member Lee Helgen called for a study of the economic impact of leaving
the city's property tax levy unchanged and using sales tax proceeds to pay off
debt.

"We're not in crisis mode anymore," he said. "We've got to think about how we
can best use these flexible (sales tax) dollars."

Finance Director Matt Smith told the council that the city may need at least $
3.4 million in STAR funds to pay debt next year. Even so, there would be a gap
of $ 4 million, he said.

"We can't just say it's a lousy idea using STAR for debt service," Council
President Kathy Lantry said. "We'll have to plug a hole."

Among the other STAR issues raised Wednesday was the process for awarding money
through the Neighborhood Investment Initiative, a fancy term for what amounts to
personal grant funds for each council member.



-----

To see more of the Pioneer Press, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.twincities.com.


LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SP-CITY-TAX-20050127

JOURNAL-CODE: SP

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                 Copyright 2005 Pioneer Press, St. Paul, Minn.


                              763 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 THE AUSTRALIAN

                             June 16, 1998, Tuesday

Great re-tender shakes Canberra

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: JOHN HILVERT

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 520 words


THE Federal Government's rejection of IBM GSA's bid for the IT activities of the
Department of Employment Education Training and Youth Affairs/Employment
National (DEETYA/EN) has sent shock waves through Canberra.

According to industry insiders and commentators, it threatens the credibility of
the Government's outsourcing initiative.

Finance and Administration Minister John Fahey said: "No bid was received that
offered the Commonwealth an acceptable competitive solution."  A spokesman for
Mr Fahey denied the decision cast doubt on the credibility of the outsourcing
program, saying no major changes were likely.

No conclusions could be drawn as to whether contracts could be handled more
efficiently in-house or outsourced on the basis of just one bid, he said.

Mr Fahey said EN, as a Government business enterprise, would be free to decide
its course of action, but a new tender would be issued for DEETYA.

Government insiders are divided as to how the re-tender will be handled.

Some predict it could be issued within 12 months, together with the formidable
DSS/Centrelink group, while others doubt it will happen before 2001.

ACT Senator and Opposition IT spokeswoman Kate Lundy said the entire program was
"lazy policy". "It did not analyse the requirements of agencies, did not
anticipate the needs of the Australian IT industry, and did not understand the
economic impact of outsourcing," she said.

Sources close to the decision remain divided as to the program's credibility.

One source said: "Devastated would be a reasonable way of describing IBM's
reaction. They were marched up the garden path."

It is understood IBM GSA bid almost $250 million over five years.

The bid also included up to $30 million worth of industry development, involving
the network and desktop action for local player Ipex, an ACT Skills Link
proposal, a $1 million R & D grant over five years, several scholarships to the
University of Canberra, and marketing assistance for local player Wizard's
WizDom application development product.

"The reason IBM's bid was canned was because there was only one response," the
source said. "This is a victory for the mandarins."

However, other sources said IBM GSA simply failed to pitch the bid low enough.

Industry insiders said the decision had already become a major factor in
multinationals' strategies.

"Any organisation will be very careful about what they bid for," one
multinational insider said.

"These things cost you an arm and a leg. It cost IBM well over $1 million to
bid."

Some agency insiders said the uncertainty would be exacerbated by continuing
speculation about an early federal election, and a possible change of
government.

Canberra-based outsourcing consultant Tim Conway of Factotum Research said the
uncertainty meant even larger IT deals may attract only one bid in future.

At recent Senate estimates hearings in Canberra, Office of Assets Sales and IT
Outsourcing head Michael Hutchinson said keeping the industry guessing about the
outsourcing timetable made business sense for the program.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 1998 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              764 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              May 20, 2012 Sunday
                            WESTERN NEW YORK EDITION

LOCAL NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 456 words


Library instruction classroom dedicated in honor of director

BATAVIA -- The Genesee Community College board of trustees recently recognized
the service of the late Lynn E. Browne, who served as a member of the college's
Foundation board of directors.

Trustees dedicated the college's library instruction classroom in Browne's
honor.

Browne served on the Foundation board from 1997 to 2010, including nine years as
its treasurer.

He also was actively involved in fundraising initiatives that led to the
expansion of the college's scholarship program.

The Genesee Community College Foundation will soon schedule a public dedication
in Browne's honor.

***

Stretch of Aurora Expressway one lane in both directions

Bridge maintenance on the Aurora Expressway gets under way this week.

Route 400 between Routes 20A and 16 will be reduced to one lane in each
direction starting Monday and continuing through the remainder of the
construction season, according to the state Department of Transportation.

Motorists are reminded that fines are doubled for speeding in a work zone.

Convictions of two or more speeding violations in a work zone could result in
the suspension of an individual's driver's license.

***

Jamaican organization plans convention July 12-14

The National Association of Jamaican and Supportive Organizations will hold its
35th annual convention at the Adam's Mark in Buffalo from July 12 to 14.

About 200 members from the United States, Canada and the Caribbean will attend
the convention, with an estimated economic impact of $250,000.

The convention will focus on how members around the world can do business in
Buffalo through the creation of health care and educational exchanges, while
strengthening Jamaican cultural and travel ties.

Buffalo is one of 18 sister cities to St. Ann's Parish, Jamaica. The
organization has 102 chapters, and the local branch has about 70 members.

***

Loans, grants being offered by Buffalo branch of AAUW

June 1 is the next deadline for students living in or attending college in
Western New York to apply for interest-free loans and/or grants of up to $3,000
offered by Buffalo Branch, American Association of University Women.

Applicants must have completed one year of college and show financial need.
Information and application forms are available at www.aauw.buffalo.edu or by
calling 559-3037 or emailing chamberlinfund@yahoo.com

Loans and grants are awarded twice a year and students may reapply annually for
up to four years.

Funds for the Chamberlin Loan/Funds for Education program are provided by
members' bequests and private donations.

Also, proceeds of the AAUW's annual scholarship book sale, being held this year
from May 30 to June 3 at 2309 Eggert Road, Town of Tonawanda, go toward the
program.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           September 3, 2016 Saturday

West Lake Rail Corridor expansion

LENGTH: 388  words


Scope of work:
Expansion of West Lake Rail Corridor.
Description:
Thursday. The Northern Indiana Commuter Transportation District has estimated
the cost of the West Lake Corridor project development at between $15 million
and $20 million.


The RDA board also approved entering negotiations with a consultancy firm, KPMG,
for a study of transit oriented development best practices which would enable
communities to maximize the benefits of vastly improved connectivity to Chicago,
including both increased access to jobs in the city as well as new job creation
in Northwest Indiana. The study's cost is not to exceed $475,000, including a
$150,000 grant from the Indiana Economic Development Corporation (IEDC) for
continued efforts related to the Regional Cities Initiative.
The board also heard the executive summary of a statutorily required update to
the RDAs Comprehensive Strategic Plan. That update was mandated by the Indiana
General Assembly as part of the process to access state funding for the West
Lake Corridor.
The update details the costs, benefits, and fiscal and economic impacts of
commuter rail expansion in Northwest Indiana:
Construction of the West Lake Corridor and double-tracking the existing South
Shore line from Gary to Michigan City will support approximately 2,000
construction jobs during the construction period from 2018 to 2022. And
together, these two improvements to the South Shore system are projected to
create about 5,700 permanent jobs in Lake and Porter counties by 2046.
The West Lake Corridor will increase the South Shore's daily ridership from
about 14,500 now to more than 21,000. Completion of the double-tracking project
will boost ridership to over 24,000.
Station area development is projected to generate an additional $435 million in
local property tax revenues for Hammond, Munster, Dyer, East Chicago, Gary,
Miller, Ogden Dunes, and Portage from 2018 to 2039.
The economic activity generated by the commuter rail investments will produce
additional revenue for the State of Indiana--more than four times the State's
annual commitment within 20 years.
Project completion date : 2022-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : NORTHERN INDIANA COMMUTER TRANSPORTATION DISTRICT

Address : 33 East US Highway 12 Chesterton,
Indiana 46304

Country :United States
Url : http://www.nictd.com /

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

Mosapp, an app to map dengue outbreaks

BYLINE: Sudha Nambudiri

SECTION: KOCHI

LENGTH: 356 words


KOCHI: A Kochi-based NGO, the Centre for Advancement of Global Health, has
developed a mobile application that can be used by health workers to conduct
local surveys, document environmental issues and also to upload real-time images
and data into their servers for tracking mosquito-borne diseases. The project,
funded by the department of science and technology (DST), is aimed at
identifying factors that could trigger diseases trasnmitted by mosquitoes and
also to help users get into a preventive mode. The application, Mosapp, is part
of a larger project to predict and prevent dengue through community engagement,
which involves experts from different countries.

The project aims at developing geospatial tools using mobile technologies that
can be used by both common man and field-level health workers to gather data and
share information that can be used in identifying potential "hot spots" of
mosquito and dengue activity."It can also be used to conduct sensor-based
assessment of microclimate features such as temperature, humidity, soil moisture
and ambient light. Students of St Xavier's College Aluva and Cochin College,
Fort Kochi, are part of the initiative," said Ajit Babu, director of the NGO.
Another app, Disapp, has also been developed for mapping any disease by health
officials. The entire work will be presented at the annual meeting of the UN
expert focus group on space and global health in Vienna on February 2 and 3.
Babu, who is also member of the group, will present the work in the presence of
officials from the space organizations of different countries. "We want to use
spatial technology to develop solutions for health issues that have a bearing on
the public health system," he said.He said that dengue was a perennial problem
in India. It is now showing resurgence in different parts of the world. "We used
the grant from the national resources data management system (NRDMS), DST to
develop the app," he added. Though mortality rates have lowered over time,
morbidity, loss of productivity and economic impact of dengue on our society
remains enormous, he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              767 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     High Point Enterprise (North Carolina)

                            October 3, 2005, Monday

City preps for fall furniture market

BYLINE: By Heath E. Combs

LENGTH: 882 words



HIGH POINT -- One of the biggest introductions at this fall's International Home
Furnishings Market will be a new veneer for High Point. Arguably the two most
talked about announcements recently were the purchase of Showplace, estimated at
$ 100 million, and the city's plan to commit $ 1 million of its annual budget
for the 2006-07 fiscal year to the biannual event. The two markets each year
have an estimated economic impact to North Carolina of $ 1 billion and bring
some 75,000 visitors to High Point, according to a UNC Greensboro study. The
fall market officially starts Oct. 20.

The city has yet to determine how its $ 1 million contribution will be spent,
though officials say it will be set aside for "planning and development" of the
market. They are working on a long-term strategy, they say.

The $ 1 million allocation is approximately the same amount World Market Center
officials spent to promote Las Vegas' first furniture market in July, Las Vegas
market officials said.

The city also will have a more visible presence at market by co-sponsoring a
block party this month on High Avenue between Main and Wrenn streets featuring
rock musician Edwin McCain. The party will be for furniture industry
professionals. It marks the return of big- name entertainment to the High Point
market, which at one time drew entertainers such as Ray Charles. Strib Boynton,
High Point's city manager, said co-sponsoring a market opening party is a move
to make market more buyer-friendly.

For 2005-06, the city contributed a required $ 100,000 to match a federal grant
for the Transportation Terminal project. Boynton said more city-sponsored market
initiatives will be announced to "improve the market for years to come."

In an unanticipated transaction, Capstone Property Group, led by local showroom
contractor Coy Williard, president of Williard-Stewart Inc., and former High
Point attorney Maurice Hull, announced plans Sept. 14 to buy and expand
Showplace, the city's third-largest showroom.

The purchase also included several other showroom buildings, and the GE Capital
building on Main Street, which the buyers will connect to Showplace. The
properties previously belonged to High Point businessmen Earl N. "Phil"
Phillips, Paul Brayton and the Millis family.

The purchase was the city's biggest market-related real estate transaction in
six years, estimated at $ 100 million. Those involved with the purchase said the
deal began about six months ago, well in advance of the first Las Vegas
furniture market.

According to home furnishings industry analyst Jerry Epperson, of Mann,
Armistead & Epperson, an investment banking and advisory firm in Richmond, Va.,
some individuals are finding opportunity in uncertainty.

Epperson said the Showplace properties may have been undersold because of the
timing of the Las Vegas market. "Competition may have encouraged that type of
transaction," Epperson said.

Epperson believes it could be 10 to 20 years before Las Vegas finds its place
among furniture industry trade shows, but its effect so far in High Point has
been positive. "Competition is good. It makes everybody better. No one should be
lulled into an unsafe sense of security," Epperson said.

Over the past two months, other developments are signaling possible changes in
the market. They include: Market dates.

A new survey is tracking whether future furniture markets in High Point might
better serve the industry if they were held a month earlier. As the furniture
industry has changed, relying vastly on imports, some manufacturers and
retailers question whether there's enough time between markets and peak selling
time to create new product.

The survey, created by the International Home Furnishings Market Authority, was
distributed by the market's major multi-tenant landlords to manufacturers and to
a random selection of buyers two weeks ago. Debate over premarket. Some
attendees , like Lee Corson, president of Pompano Beach, Fla.-based Corson
Furniture International, an international casegoods sourcing organization, have
estimated attendance at premarket was off by as much as 25 percent to 40 percent
in the past several years.

The event serves as a preview and furniture-tweaking opportunity for
manufacturers and retailers. Officials with Lexington Home Brands, based in
Lexington, said the company would not show at premarket next year, saying the
event was outdated.

One problem, they say, is that there's not enough time between premarket and
market to make adjustments in furniture made overseas. Lexington, which has been
the nation's 19th largest home furnishings manufacturer, according to
FurnitureToday, was the second major manufacturer this year to announce that it
would stop attending premarket. In August, Lenoir-based Broyhill Furniture
Industries officials said they would stop attending.


-----

To see more of the High Point Enterprise, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.hpe.com. Copyright (c) 2005, High Point Enterprise, N.C.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.  GE, FBN,

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: HP-FURNITURE-MARKET-20051003

JOURNAL-CODE: HP

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
             Copyright 2005 High Point Enterprise (North Carolina)


                              768 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

G20 Leaders' Brisbane Statement on Ebola

LENGTH: 694  words

DATELINE: South Tarawa


U.S. State Department, The Government of kiribati has issued the following news
release:

We are deeply concerned about the Ebola outbreak in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra
Leone and saddened by the suffering and loss of life it is inflicting. We are
mindful of the serious humanitarian, social and economic impacts on those
countries, and of the potential for these impacts to spread.

The governments and people of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone are making
tremendous efforts to fight the outbreak, with the support of the African Union
and other African countries. We commend the brave service of health care and
relief workers. We also applaud the contributions of countries worldwide, the
United Nations (UN) and its bodies such as the World Health Organization (WHO),
international and regional organisations and financial institutions,
non-governmental and religious organisations, and the private sector. We fully
support the UN Mission for Ebola Emergency Response's ongoing work to harness
capacity to stop the outbreak, treat the infected, ensure essential services,
preserve stability and prevent further outbreaks and urge that it act swiftly to
achieve these objectives.

G20 members are committed to do what is necessary to ensure the international
effort can extinguish the outbreak and address its medium-term economic and
humanitarian costs. We will work through bilateral, regional and multilateral
channels, and in partnership with non-governmental stakeholders. We will share
our experiences of successfully fighting Ebola with our partners, including to
promote safe conditions and training for health care and relief workers. We will
work to expedite the effective and targeted disbursement of funds and other
assistance, balancing between emergency and longer-term needs.

We invite those governments that have yet to do so to join in providing
financial contributions, appropriately qualified and trained medical teams and
personnel, medical and protective equipment, and medicines and treatments. While
commending ongoing work, we urge greater efforts by researchers, regulators and
pharmaceutical companies to develop safe, effective and affordable diagnostic
tools, vaccines and treatments. We call upon international and regional
institutions, civil society and the private sector to work with governments to
mitigate the impacts of the crisis and ensure the longer-term economic recovery.

In this regard, we urge the World Bank Group (WBG) and International Monetary
Fund (IMF) to continue their strong support for the affected countries and
welcome the IMF's initiative to make available a further $300 million to stem
the Ebola outbreak and ease pressures on Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone,
through a combination of concessional loans, debt relief, and grants. We ask the
IMF and WBG to explore new, flexible mechanisms to address the economic effects
of future comparable crises.

This outbreak illustrates the urgency of addressing longer-term systemic issues
and gaps in capability, preparedness and response capacity that expose the
global economy to the impacts of infectious disease. G20 members recommit to
full implementation of the WHO's International Health Regulations (IHR). To this
end, and in the context of our broader efforts to strengthen health systems
globally, we commit to support others to implement the IHR and to build capacity
to prevent, detect, report early and rapidly respond to infectious diseases like
Ebola. We also commit to fight anti-microbial resistance. Interested G20 members
are supporting this goal through initiatives to accelerate action across the
Economic Community of West African States and other vulnerable regions and will
report progress and announce a time frame by May 2015 at the World Health
Assembly.

We invite all countries to join us in mobilizing resources to strengthen
national, regional and global preparedness against the threat posed by
infectious diseases to global health and strong, sustainable and balanced growth
for all. We will remain vigilant and responsive.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           November 7, 2012 Wednesday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

Rewriting the rules for grants

BYLINE: JILL ROWBOTHAM

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 458  words


MEASURING the economic impact and other flow-on effects will be part of a future
national research audit, funding chief Aidan Byrne said yesterday.

A month before the release of the second research quality audit, Professor Byrne
said while the initiative was rigorous in measuring academic excellence, ``it's
not the only thing that we are able to measure, or indeed, ought to measure for
universities''.

``Universities aren't uni-dimensional institutions, they perform a variety of
roles and functions and academic quality is high up on the list of things they
should be doing, but it's not the only thing they should be doing,'' the head of
the Australian Research Council said.

``I'm quite open to including some other measures, and impact measures in
particular.'' He expected the work on impact being undertaken by the Australian
Technology Network and Group of Eight universities ``would demonstrate there are
ways to measure impact and adapting ERA is something I look forward to being
able to do in the future''.

Professor Byrne also said he was going to rewrite the rules for ARC grants to
include a commitment from researchers to provide open access to scholarly papers
funded by public money, as the National Health and Medical Research Council has.

Recently, he has canvassed the matter with vice-chancellors. ``The responses
have been overwhelmingly positive and supportive,'' he said.

``Our policy in our future funding rules (will be) that we have an expectation
that work funded by public money will be made available 12 months after
publication.''

Professor Byrne, who took over the ARC in July, presided over his first round of
the flagship Discovery Projects this week. He said while ``never happy'' with
the success rate -- 21.37 per cent this year -- the process was rigorous.
``Unfortunately there is always going to be some excellent work we are not able
to fund,'' he said.

``If you look at the international rankings, the ones people look at most are
all focused on research outcomes. If you want Australian institutions to
progress in those rankings, you have to think about that research agenda and how
you fund it and make sure the outcomes are there. Money matters.

``There are some excellent researchers who did not get funded this time around:
that's a resource that we are not fully utilising.

``It isn't always useful to say give us more money, we have to demonstrate what
we are going to do with the money and the benefits that come out of that;
researchers take that seriously.''

Despite the federal government's recent grants freeze and expenditure review, it
realised ``there is a benefit to the nation as a whole from that research''.

The ARC funded 1014 grants for $359 million this week, $254m of it for Discovery
projects.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: G20 Leaders' Brisbane Statement on Ebola

LENGTH: 693  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Embassy in London, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

We are deeply concerned about the Ebola outbreak in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra
Leone and saddened by the suffering and loss of life it is inflicting. We are
mindful of the serious humanitarian, social and economic impacts on those
countries, and of the potential for these impacts to spread.

The governments and people of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone are making
tremendous efforts to fight the outbreak, with the support of the African Union
and other African countries. We commend the brave service of health care and
relief workers. We also applaud the contributions of countries worldwide, the
United Nations (UN) and its bodies such as the World Health Organization (WHO),
international and regional organisations and financial institutions,
non-governmental and religious organisations, and the private sector. We fully
support the UN Mission for Ebola Emergency Response's ongoing work to harness
capacity to stop the outbreak, treat the infected, ensure essential services,
preserve stability and prevent further outbreaks and urge that it act swiftly to
achieve these objectives.

G20 members are committed to do what is necessary to ensure the international
effort can extinguish the outbreak and address its medium-term economic and
humanitarian costs. We will work through bilateral, regional and multilateral
channels, and in partnership with non-governmental stakeholders. We will share
our experiences of successfully fighting Ebola with our partners, including to
promote safe conditions and training for health care and relief workers. We will
work to expedite the effective and targeted disbursement of funds and other
assistance, balancing between emergency and longer-term needs.

We invite those governments that have yet to do so to join in providing
financial contributions, appropriately qualified and trained medical teams and
personnel, medical and protective equipment, and medicines and treatments. While
commending ongoing work, we urge greater efforts by researchers, regulators and
pharmaceutical companies to develop safe, effective and affordable diagnostic
tools, vaccines and treatments. We call upon international and regional
institutions, civil society and the private sector to work with governments to
mitigate the impacts of the crisis and ensure the longer-term economic recovery.

In this regard, we urge the World Bank Group (WBG) and International Monetary
Fund (IMF) to continue their strong support for the affected countries and
welcome the IMF's initiative to make available a further $300 million to stem
the Ebola outbreak and ease pressures on Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone,
through a combination of concessional loans, debt relief, and grants. We ask the
IMF and WBG to explore new, flexible mechanisms to address the economic effects
of future comparable crises.

This outbreak illustrates the urgency of addressing longer-term systemic issues
and gaps in capability, preparedness and response capacity that expose the
global economy to the impacts of infectious disease. G20 members recommit to
full implementation of the WHO's International Health Regulations (IHR). To this
end, and in the context of our broader efforts to strengthen health systems
globally, we commit to support others to implement the IHR and to build capacity
to prevent, detect, report early and rapidly respond to infectious diseases like
Ebola. We also commit to fight anti-microbial resistance. Interested G20 members
are supporting this goal through initiatives to accelerate action across the
Economic Community of West African States and other vulnerable regions and will
report progress and announce a time frame by May 2015 at the World Health
Assembly.

We invite all countries to join us in mobilizing resources to strengthen
national, regional and global preparedness against the threat posed by
infectious diseases to global health and strong, sustainable and balanced growth
for all. We will remain vigilant and responsive.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: G20 Leaders' Brisbane Statement on Ebola

LENGTH: 693  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Embassy in London, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

We are deeply concerned about the Ebola outbreak in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra
Leone and saddened by the suffering and loss of life it is inflicting. We are
mindful of the serious humanitarian, social and economic impacts on those
countries, and of the potential for these impacts to spread.

The governments and people of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone are making
tremendous efforts to fight the outbreak, with the support of the African Union
and other African countries. We commend the brave service of health care and
relief workers. We also applaud the contributions of countries worldwide, the
United Nations (UN) and its bodies such as the World Health Organization (WHO),
international and regional organisations and financial institutions,
non-governmental and religious organisations, and the private sector. We fully
support the UN Mission for Ebola Emergency Response's ongoing work to harness
capacity to stop the outbreak, treat the infected, ensure essential services,
preserve stability and prevent further outbreaks and urge that it act swiftly to
achieve these objectives.

G20 members are committed to do what is necessary to ensure the international
effort can extinguish the outbreak and address its medium-term economic and
humanitarian costs. We will work through bilateral, regional and multilateral
channels, and in partnership with non-governmental stakeholders. We will share
our experiences of successfully fighting Ebola with our partners, including to
promote safe conditions and training for health care and relief workers. We will
work to expedite the effective and targeted disbursement of funds and other
assistance, balancing between emergency and longer-term needs.

We invite those governments that have yet to do so to join in providing
financial contributions, appropriately qualified and trained medical teams and
personnel, medical and protective equipment, and medicines and treatments. While
commending ongoing work, we urge greater efforts by researchers, regulators and
pharmaceutical companies to develop safe, effective and affordable diagnostic
tools, vaccines and treatments. We call upon international and regional
institutions, civil society and the private sector to work with governments to
mitigate the impacts of the crisis and ensure the longer-term economic recovery.

In this regard, we urge the World Bank Group (WBG) and International Monetary
Fund (IMF) to continue their strong support for the affected countries and
welcome the IMF's initiative to make available a further $300 million to stem
the Ebola outbreak and ease pressures on Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone,
through a combination of concessional loans, debt relief, and grants. We ask the
IMF and WBG to explore new, flexible mechanisms to address the economic effects
of future comparable crises.

This outbreak illustrates the urgency of addressing longer-term systemic issues
and gaps in capability, preparedness and response capacity that expose the
global economy to the impacts of infectious disease. G20 members recommit to
full implementation of the WHO's International Health Regulations (IHR). To this
end, and in the context of our broader efforts to strengthen health systems
globally, we commit to support others to implement the IHR and to build capacity
to prevent, detect, report early and rapidly respond to infectious diseases like
Ebola. We also commit to fight anti-microbial resistance. Interested G20 members
are supporting this goal through initiatives to accelerate action across the
Economic Community of West African States and other vulnerable regions and will
report progress and announce a time frame by May 2015 at the World Health
Assembly.

We invite all countries to join us in mobilizing resources to strengthen
national, regional and global preparedness against the threat posed by
infectious diseases to global health and strong, sustainable and balanced growth
for all. We will remain vigilant and responsive.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 30, 2010 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Massachusetts Sets Targets to Slash Carbon Emissions

BYLINE: By FELICITY BARRINGER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 545 words


Massachusetts officials on Wednesday announced a plan to curb heat-trapping
gases emitted by homes, cars and businesses in the state by 25 percent below
1990 levels over the next decade.

The targets set by the plan are the highest allowed under climate legislation
passed by the state in 2008 and among the most stringent in the nation, placing
Massachusetts in the company of California, New Mexico and other states that
have taken strong action to address global warming.

Unlike California's plan, however, which sets industry-by-industry regulations
to achieve its mandated cutbacks, the Massachusetts plan relies largely on
existing programs, like renewable-energy mandates, energy-efficiency standards
for building construction and curbs in the electricity sector that are already
in place under a multistate agreement known as the Regional Greenhouse Gas
Initiative.

In announcing the new measure, Ian A. Bowles, the state's secretary of energy
and environmental affairs, said most of the planned emissions cuts would result
in net gains in jobs statewide. The plan, he added, shows that a state can
change its energy profile with minimal economic impact and ''puts the lie to the
Chicken Little-oriented debate on the national scene'' that equates reduction of
emissions with job loss and economic disruption.

''People who have studied this find you can get your first 20-30 percent of
greenhouse-gas cuts without making significant economic trade-offs,'' he said.

Debra Boronski, president of the Massachusetts Chamber of Business and Industry,
said she was not so sure of Mr. Bowles's contention, particularly when it came
to switching from conventional fuels -- like the natural gas that powers much of
the state's electricity grid -- to renewable sources of energy like wind and
solar power.

''Our biggest concern -- even though it is right to conserve energy -- is that
alternative resources have to be cost-effective,'' Ms. Boronski said, adding,
''As far as we know, in Massachusetts, research has shown that alternative
energy is more expensive.''

Data released by state officials on Wednesday indicate that more than one-third
of the total greenhouse-gas emissions in Massachusetts -- 33 million metric tons
in 2007 -- come from the transportation sector. As part of the plan, Mr. Bowles
said, the state will start a pilot program giving drivers an incentive to cut
back on unnecessary travel by linking car-insurance premiums to miles driven --
a ''Pay As You Drive'' program.

Congress has authorized $15 million in federal Transportation Department grants
for such programs, money that could be used to ensure that lower-income drivers
do not suffer an unequal burden.

Massachusetts is one of 10 states already participating in the Regional
Greenhouse Gas Initiative, a cap-and-trade system for electric utilities. Under
the plan, some emissions cuts are also expected to come if Massachusetts copies
the stricter fuel efficiency standards it assumes that California will adopt.

Other possible routes to achieving the mandated cuts, Mr. Bowles said, include
importing more hydropowered electricity from Quebec and improving the efficiency
of home heating by finding economic incentives for homeowners to replace
oil-fueled furnaces with new, more efficient models.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Ian A. Bowles, the Massachusetts secretary of energy and
environmental affairs, at a meeting in Boston in 2007. (PHOTOGRAPH BY CHITOSE
SUZUKI/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              773 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 28, 2006 Thursday
                                 Idaho Edition

I-933 is a lose-lose proposition for most;

BYLINE: Bert Caldwell

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 789 words


A new University of Washington study estimates voter passage of Initiative 933
would cost taxpayers $7.8 billion, more than $1,000 for every state resident.

The alternative is to waive any restriction on development imposed by land-use
regulations adopted since 1995.

The Property Fairness Initiative would undo a decade of planning because, from
the perspective of the Washington Farm Bureau, regulations deprive landowners of
the freedom to do what they will on their property, short of endangering human
health and safety.

This is a lose-lose proposition for the majority of Washington residents, whose
property interests are preserved by reasonable zoning and land-use plans that
prevent developers from introducing who-knows-what into their neighborhoods, or
nearby.

It's also a loser for the environment, which many land-use guidelines are
intended to protect.

Mostly, I-933 is a prescription for the same kind of paralysis that has struck
Oregon since a similar but less broad measure was approved by voters there in
2004. The result has been an epic rush to the courthouse to file claims that so
far exceed $4 billion.

One enterprising claimant wants $203 million, or he will go ahead and start
mining pumice on property he owns within the Newberry National Volcanic
Monument. You can't blame a guy for trying.

But Oregon's Measure 37 is nothing compared with I-933. The Oregon law addressed
only real estate. The Washington proposal would compensate owners of personal
property aggrieved by limits on the use of boats or cars.

And, as a legal analysis that accompanies the economic impact study says, I-933
raises issues that do not pertain in Oregon. Washington's shoreline and growth
management acts, for example, do not allow officials to grant waivers. The
initiative does not amend those laws. The question of just what they can do will
likely end up in court, as will many a disagreement over just what constitutes
adequate compensation.

Seattle land-use attorney Keith Dearborn, who helped prepare the legal analysis
for the UW College of Architecture and Urban Planning study, says Liberty Lake
and Spokane Valley could be especially jeopardized because they are too young to
have zoning or land-use plans that go back to 1995. It's not clear what
regulations would govern if the plans they have put in place since incorporation
are swept away, he says.

Even Spokane County's comprehensive plan goes back just five years. The plan in
place before 2001 dated to the mid-1980s, as did zoning. Those codes were much
more flexible than the new plan. It was a stretch to call them plans at all.

Rich Munson is a Spokane Valley City Council member and vice president of the
Association of Washington Cities. Just the potential cost of I-933 litigation
make him shudder.

Should the city deny a developer approval for an apartment complex in the middle
of a single-family residential area, for example, the developer would probably
sue. If the apartments are approved, and the city demands expanded rights of way
in order to widen the streets, homeowners will sue.

"It's going to be chaos until we get this all figured out," says Munson,
speaking for himself, not the association.

"As an individual, I'm horrified it might pass," he adds.

Munson and Dearborn say the initiative sponsored by the Washington Farm Bureau
might have been avoided if the Legislature had heeded appeals for relief from
some of the more onerous provisions of state land use law. Now, using the same
analogy, they say voters face a proposal that tosses out baby with bathwater.

Since the petitions submitted by I-933 backers were certified by the Secretary
of State in August, the initiative has been off the radar screen of most
residents. With "property fairness" in the title, the proposal was an easy sell
for signature gatherers. Property rights have been a bedrock of American life
since before the revolution, of 1776 that is.

But initiative backers misrepresented I-933 by including an inflammatory but
bogus reference to potential government use of eminent domain to obtain private
property. Thanks to a wrongheaded U.S. Supreme Court ruling last year, eminent
domain has become a convenient red flag for all manner of claims regarding
government misuse of power. This is not about land condemnation.

Voters who want to learn more from a non-biased source might try the Association
of Washington Cities Web site at  www.awcnet.org, which contains links to news
articles and the Web sites of the groups supporting and opposing I-933. Also, a
public forum has been scheduled for Oct. 19th at the Washington State University
Academic Center on the Riverpoint Campus.

Study up, or hold your peace when a four-plex shows up across your property
line.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Business columnist Bert Caldwell can be reached at (509) 459-5450, or at
bertc@spokesman.com.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              774 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    December 19, 1993, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

ARTS COMMUNITY RALLIES TO DOCUMENT BENEFITS

BYLINE: MARTIN MORROW AND ALISON MAYES

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 454 words


THE CUTS: THE ARTS: A HERALD SPECIAL REPORT

That the arts aren't a frill, but an important player in the Alberta economy, is
a well-documented fact.

Well-documented, but not well-known.

The Calgary Arts Initiative (CAI) wants to change that. A loose representation
of artists, organizers, educators and business people, brought together at the
invitation of Mount Royal College president Tom Wood, the 18-month-old group is
dedicated to hammering home the message to the government and the public.

"We haven't done a good enough job of letting people know the economic impact of
the arts," says Calgary Opera director David Speers, one of many participants in
the CAI's daylong brainstorming session at Mount Royal College last Saturday. To
remedy that, the CAI has commissioned the first Calgary study of the economic
benefits of the city's not-for-profit performing arts. Prepared by University of
Calgary marketing professor Doug West, the study is expected to provide the kind
of hard statistical argument that can't be ignored. Although not yet complete,
its preliminary figures reveal that the city's 28 performing arts companies
employ more than 2,700 people, spend over half their money on employees and pour
85 per cent of their earnings back into the local economy.

The Alberta Foundation for the Arts, the government body that distributes arts
grants, welcomes studies such as West's because they bring added ammunition in
the fight to defend funding.

"We see our funds as catalytic, as generating a great deal of (economic)
activity," says AFA executive director Glen Buick. There is "the direct
employment (of people in the arts) and the indirect effect on the economy
through the purchases of goods and services. And then there's the fact that,
when people go out to a performance, they go for dinner, park their cars and
make all kinds of additional expenditures they would not make otherwise. So
there are economic spinoffs, as well as direct economic activity, that would be
hurt by any cut in our grant funding."

A thriving artistic and cultural scene benefits Alberta in other ways, too. As
Mayor Al Duerr knows, it can become a factor in attracting business to the
province. Speaking at the CAI's Mount Royal College session, Duerr recalled
meeting a few years ago with the then-Ontario-based TransCanada PipeLines and
National Energy Board, which were considering moving their headquarters to
Calgary. He found himself fielding concerned inquiries about whether Calgary had
a symphony, a theatre, a ballet school. "The people who make the decisions were
asking those questions, and it said to me . . . a strong arts community is vital
to the economic health of this city."



LOAD-DATE: December 20, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             India Automobile News

                      September 9, 2013 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Rainbow PUSH Global Automotive Summit Focuses on Economic Parity

LENGTH: 814  words


New Delhi, Sept. 9 -- With more than 22 percent of the new vehicles purchased by
ethnic consumers, economic parity has become more important than ever in the
sustainability and growth of automotive suppliers, dealers and vendors. Economic
parity redresses the relationship with the automotive industry and its
consumers, and builds the business case for reciprocity with OEMs.



The Rainbow PUSH Automotive Project, an initiative of the Citizenship Education
Fund (CEF), proudly announces its lineup of speakers at the 14thAnnual Rainbow
PUSH Global Automotive Summit. The Summit occurs Wednesday, October 2, 2013, at
the MGM Grand Detroit Meeting & Events Center, 1777 Third Street, Detroit, MI
48226.

Automotive leaders from around the globe will assemble to share expert insight,
strategies, trends and solutions regarding the economic impact of diversity. The
Rainbow PUSH Global Automotive Summit is the only conference that delves deeply
into the automotive industry as it relates to people of color, with emphasis on
African American concerns.

In January 2013, the Rainbow PUSH Automotive Project released an Automotive
Diversity Scorecard to provide a snapshot of each manufacturer's success of
building and sustaining diversity and inclusion. The Diversity Scorecard
establishes the standards for unbiased diversity in the automotive industry; and
provides Rainbow PUSH a resource to understand, monitor and acknowledge best
diversity practices in the automotive industry. Since the Diversity Scorecard
announcement, Rainbow PUSH has held several productive meetings with automotive
manufacturers.

"The auto industry is returning to its glory years - and, as it does, the issue
of diversity and inclusion must become an action rather than a corporate talking
point," says Reverend Jesse L. Jackson, Sr., founder and president, Rainbow PUSH
Coalition. "Each time minority consumers purchase vehicles they are creating a
socio-economic paradigm with the auto industry that cannot be ignored. Diversity
is the foundation of our nation. Auto companies that embrace diversity will reap
the economic benefits; those who reject diversity will suffer long term economic
consequences."

Rev. Jackson will host Mark Reuss, president, General Motors North America; and
Osamu (Simon) Nagata, president and CEO, Toyota Engineering & Manufacturing
North America at the Business & Education Awards Luncheon. These industry
leaders will share the business case of an inclusive cultural environment, as it
relates to employment, suppliers, dealers, advertising, marketing and
philanthropy in the marketplace. Judge Greg Mathis, chairperson, PUSH Excel and
TV personality, will present scholarships to deserving college students.

The morning session begins with a thought-provoking panel moderated by
award-winning journalist Ed Gordon, entitled, "Assault on Diversity." A
Leadership Town Hall Panel Discussion featuring Dr. Julianne Malveux, economist
and former president Bennett College for Women; George Fraser, founder and CEO,
FraserNet, Inc.; Cheryl Pearson-McNeil, senior vice president, public Affairs
and government relations, The Nielsen Company; and Ted Childs, thought leader
and senior management consultant will discuss the impact of diversity in the
Black community. They will share the strategic approaches that companies use to
eliminate diversity and offer growth solutions with diversity and inclusion as
business imperatives.

Several minority-owned suppliers were among the hardest hit during the economic
recession. Jim Lowry, senior advisor, The Boston Consulting Group, will lead a
morning discussion on "Supplier Diversity: The Plan for Growth through
Commitment, Innovation and Partnerships," with Grace Lieblein, vice president,
global purchasing and supply chain, General Motors; Robert Young, vice
president, purchasing, Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America;
Burt Jordan, vice president, global vehicle and powertrain purchasing & supplier
diversity, Ford Motor Company; and Jim Wehrman, senior vice president, Honda of
America Manufacturing. These procurement leaders collectively purchase more than
$300 billion.

The U.S. Census has confirmed that America is trending toward a more diverse
population. Therefore, when auto companies envision what it takes to maintain
success, only those that leverage diversity will have a clear, competitive
advantage. Without a strong, corporate strategy that inherently promotes the
integration of diversity and inclusion, many auto companies are doomed to fail,
when targeting ethnic consumers.

Other panel and roundtable discussions will focus on professional services;
human resources; rethinking business strategies and transforming for success;
and women of color business owners and leaders. The day will end with a special
awards reception honoring Living Legends and Emerging Leaders in the automotive
industry.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             India Automobile News

                      September 9, 2013 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Rainbow PUSH Global Automotive Summit Focuses on Economic Parity

LENGTH: 814  words


New Delhi, Sept. 9 -- With more than 22 percent of the new vehicles purchased by
ethnic consumers, economic parity has become more important than ever in the
sustainability and growth of automotive suppliers, dealers and vendors. Economic
parity redresses the relationship with the automotive industry and its
consumers, and builds the business case for reciprocity with OEMs.



The Rainbow PUSH Automotive Project, an initiative of the Citizenship Education
Fund (CEF), proudly announces its lineup of speakers at the 14thAnnual Rainbow
PUSH Global Automotive Summit. The Summit occurs Wednesday, October 2, 2013, at
the MGM Grand Detroit Meeting & Events Center, 1777 Third Street, Detroit, MI
48226.

Automotive leaders from around the globe will assemble to share expert insight,
strategies, trends and solutions regarding the economic impact of diversity. The
Rainbow PUSH Global Automotive Summit is the only conference that delves deeply
into the automotive industry as it relates to people of color, with emphasis on
African American concerns.

In January 2013, the Rainbow PUSH Automotive Project released an Automotive
Diversity Scorecard to provide a snapshot of each manufacturer's success of
building and sustaining diversity and inclusion. The Diversity Scorecard
establishes the standards for unbiased diversity in the automotive industry; and
provides Rainbow PUSH a resource to understand, monitor and acknowledge best
diversity practices in the automotive industry. Since the Diversity Scorecard
announcement, Rainbow PUSH has held several productive meetings with automotive
manufacturers.

"The auto industry is returning to its glory years - and, as it does, the issue
of diversity and inclusion must become an action rather than a corporate talking
point," says Reverend Jesse L. Jackson, Sr., founder and president, Rainbow PUSH
Coalition. "Each time minority consumers purchase vehicles they are creating a
socio-economic paradigm with the auto industry that cannot be ignored. Diversity
is the foundation of our nation. Auto companies that embrace diversity will reap
the economic benefits; those who reject diversity will suffer long term economic
consequences."

Rev. Jackson will host Mark Reuss, president, General Motors North America; and
Osamu (Simon) Nagata, president and CEO, Toyota Engineering & Manufacturing
North America at the Business & Education Awards Luncheon. These industry
leaders will share the business case of an inclusive cultural environment, as it
relates to employment, suppliers, dealers, advertising, marketing and
philanthropy in the marketplace. Judge Greg Mathis, chairperson, PUSH Excel and
TV personality, will present scholarships to deserving college students.

The morning session begins with a thought-provoking panel moderated by
award-winning journalist Ed Gordon, entitled, "Assault on Diversity." A
Leadership Town Hall Panel Discussion featuring Dr. Julianne Malveux, economist
and former president Bennett College for Women; George Fraser, founder and CEO,
FraserNet, Inc.; Cheryl Pearson-McNeil, senior vice president, public Affairs
and government relations, The Nielsen Company; and Ted Childs, thought leader
and senior management consultant will discuss the impact of diversity in the
Black community. They will share the strategic approaches that companies use to
eliminate diversity and offer growth solutions with diversity and inclusion as
business imperatives.

Several minority-owned suppliers were among the hardest hit during the economic
recession. Jim Lowry, senior advisor, The Boston Consulting Group, will lead a
morning discussion on "Supplier Diversity: The Plan for Growth through
Commitment, Innovation and Partnerships," with Grace Lieblein, vice president,
global purchasing and supply chain, General Motors; Robert Young, vice
president, purchasing, Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America;
Burt Jordan, vice president, global vehicle and powertrain purchasing & supplier
diversity, Ford Motor Company; and Jim Wehrman, senior vice president, Honda of
America Manufacturing. These procurement leaders collectively purchase more than
$300 billion.

The U.S. Census has confirmed that America is trending toward a more diverse
population. Therefore, when auto companies envision what it takes to maintain
success, only those that leverage diversity will have a clear, competitive
advantage. Without a strong, corporate strategy that inherently promotes the
integration of diversity and inclusion, many auto companies are doomed to fail,
when targeting ethnic consumers.

Other panel and roundtable discussions will focus on professional services;
human resources; rethinking business strategies and transforming for success;
and women of color business owners and leaders. The day will end with a special
awards reception honoring Living Legends and Emerging Leaders in the automotive
industry.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                           September 24, 2001, Monday

Auto heritage plans get on road to public debate

BYLINE: Amy Lane

SECTION: Pg. 25

LENGTH: 304 words


LANSING - A $58 million, 10-year plan to establish and manage Michigan's federal
auto heritage area is out for public review, with discussion scheduled for
Tuesday in Southfield.

The draft management plan for the Automobile National Heritage Area, now dubbed
''Motorcities,'' will be presented at a 4 p.m. meeting at Lawrence Technological
University. The heritage area, designated by Congress in 1998, could link
landmarks, museums, auto plants and other sites in Southeast Michigan, Lansing
and Flint.

The management plan developed over the past year proposes educational, tourism,
and revitalization and economic development steps to preserve, interpret and
promote the region's automotive and labor past. Elements range from maps and
guides to art programs and exhibits to grants and support for community
initiatives, marketing and developing specific heritage routes within the
region.

Constance Bodurow, executive director of the heritage area, said the plan would
bring increased tourism, spending and other economic benefits. The plan's draft
estimates attracting 750,000 visitors a year to the region by year 10, bringing
in $468 million in direct annual visitor spending and generating a total
economic impact of nearly $1 billion annually.

Bodurow said the heritage area receives a federal appropriation of up to $1
million a year for 10 years, and the remaining money to pay for the plan would
need to be raised through donations.

''It's an opportunity for the region to really invest in the community,'' she
said.

The plan is available for public comment through Oct. 19 and will be submitted
Nov. 6 to the U.S. Department of Interior for approval.

Tuesday's meeting is in the auditorium of Lawrence Tech's Technology and
Learning Center.

Amy Lane: (517) 371-5355, alane@crain.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2001 Crain Communications, Inc.


                              778 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 8, 2015 Saturday

Initiative brings top brain researchers to Minnesota

BYLINE: John Lundy, Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 770 words


Aug. 08--When Dr. Michael Park was lured from the University of Louisville to
the University of Minnesota, he decided he needed a new metaphor to describe
what he does.

"I tell people that it's kind of like ice fishing," said Park, who moved to the
state in December. "You make a hole in the skull, and you're actually dropping
down electrodes rather than a fishing line."

Park was describing deep brain stimulation, a procedure used to treat patients
with advanced cases of Parkinson's disease and some other neurological
disorders.

Although the technique is not new, a team at the University of Minnesota led by
Meadowlands native Dr. Jerrold Vitek is on the cutting edge of efforts to make
the procedure more reliable.

Their work is in the Twin Cities, but Vitek brought several members of his team
to Duluth this week to make the case that what they do is good use of taxpayers'
money.

Their focus is on discoveries and treatments for brain conditions, one of four
initiatives the Minnesota Legislature approved in 2013 with $18 million in
annual funding under the general title MnDRIVE. Other focuses are robotics,
sensors and advanced manufacturing; global food ventures; and advancing industry
while conserving the environment.

Vitek, who still enjoys summer weekends at the family cabin in Alborn, came to
the U of M after previous stints at Johns Hopkins University, Emory University
and the Cleveland Clinic. As head of the U of M Medical School's Department of
Neurology, he leads the brain team, whose work is properly known as
neuromodulation research.

His team's share of the MnDRIVE funding was $6.8 million in 2014-15 and will be
$7.9 million in 2016-17, Vitek said. He used the money, in part, to recruit six
top-level researchers, including Park and Dr. Scott Cooper, who arrived a few
months ago from the Cleveland Clinic. Two more are on the way, Vitek said.

Their focus area affects a lot of people, he said. One million North Americans
have Parkinson's, a progressive disorder of the nervous system. That includes
17,213 Minnesotans, an estimated 3,443 of whom could benefit from deep brain
stimulation -- or DBS in the neurologists' shorthand. More than 21,000
Minnesotans have the condition known as essential tremors, and nearly a third of
them are candidates for DBS.

The procedure, conducted while the patient is awake, can achieve astounding
results, Vitek said.

"There's no feeling like it, to turn on a stimulator, and watch somebody go from
this (he let his hand shake) to like this (he held his hand steady)," Vitek
said. "You've turned the pages back for them."

DBS also is used to treat children and adults with dystonia, a disorder
characterized by involuntary muscle contractions. "People that were unable to
walk, that were wheelchair-bound, are getting up and walking," Vitek said.

It's done by inserting an electrical lead that's about the size of a human hair
in a dime-sized hole in the skull -- Park's ice fishing analogy. The neurologist
seeks to place it in a target area that affects the body's movements. If that's
done successfully, the lead is attached later to a pacemaker-like device that
regulates the electrical impulses going to the site.

The problem is that too often it's not done successfully, Vitek explained. "If
you're off by a millimeter you may go from having good benefit to no benefit,"
he said.

Improving placement accuracy is one of the subjects his team is exploring, Vitek
said.

The program's economic impact comes from bringing in federal grants, developing
new technology in partnership with the state's medical device companies and from
reducing health care costs, he said. Costs can be reduced because some patients
who can't work will be able to work if the treatment is effective; others will
no longer require aides for daily functions; and fewer costly medications will
be needed, among other things.

Sixteen area legislators had been invited to the presentation, which was at the
University of Minnesota Duluth. Only two came: state Rep. Jennifer Schultz,
DFL-Duluth, who teaches at UMD; and state Rep. Bud Nornes, a Republican from
Fergus Falls.

Schultz said it's too early to tell if the investment in brain research will pay
off for the state.

"It looks promising," Schultz added. "I think anything that we can do to improve
opportunities for medical device companies and partner with the university on
research, historically we've done well, and hopefully we can continue that
tradition."

___ (c)2015 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150808-DU-Initiative
-brings-top-brain-researchers-to-Minnesota-0808-20150808

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2015 Duluth News-Tribune


                              779 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          September 17, 2015 Thursday

Growing defense jobs focus of grant;
WSU, partners to use $7M to study how to diversify economy.;
LOCAL JOBS

BYLINE: By Barrie Barber

SECTION: ; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 557 words


Wright State Applied Research Corp. will receive more than $7 million from the
Defense Department to study how to diversify Dayton's economy in anticipation of
fewer defense industry jobs in the future, according to the Pentagon.

The two-year grant will draw in nearly a dozen partner organizations, and Wright
State says it wants more groups to compete for $1.6 million in funds as part of
the analysis, dubbed the Dayton Metro Plan for Economic Diversity.

"It's truly a collaborative effort amongst all the partners to grow the
economy," said Dennis Andersh, Wright State Research Institute executive
director and CEO of Wright State Applied Research Corp.

Researchers will focus on technologies created at the Air Force Research
Laboratory at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base or university research labs in the
region that have potential as commercial products, said John Owen, a WSRI
manager of the grant.

"Our plan really revolves around the (research and development) assets in the
region to grow jobs," he said. "We're building a regional continuum in the
region that anyone can tap into."

Wright State University, Montgomery County and the Dayton Development Coalition
led the effort to land the funds, officials said.

"In all honesty, there's been lots of discussion about this, but this is the
first time that we've really had any significant resources to build the system
and ecosystem around moving technology from inside the fence to outside the
fence, from defense applications to commercial applications," Montgomery County
Administrator Joseph P. Tuss said.

"We will be able to leverage our community's support of Wright-Patterson Air
Force Base while investing in new opportunities for growth," Dayton Development
Coalition President and CEO Jeff Hoagland said in a statement.

The funds are part of a larger $7.8 million project with Wright State and its
partners to find ways to diversify Dayton's economy, according to the Pentagon.

"This is what our future is about, and by getting this $7 million from the
Department of Defense it lifts all of our boats," said Montgomery County
Commissioner Deborah A. Lieberman.

"I think one of or mantras for the last eight to 10 years has been to diversify
our economy," she said.

The grant is also meant to help employees transition into the growing fields of
unmanned vehicle systems, medical manufacturing and information technology,
creating a regional international trade strategy and find ways to sustain the
initiative after the grant is depleted, the Defense Department said.

Dayton was eligible for the money because of the high concentration of
Wright-Patt employees in the workforce, and the region's commitment to the 2014
Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership designation through the
Southwest Ohio Aerospace Region, Wright State officials said.

Wright-Patterson has a $4 billion yearly economic impact, employs more than
26,000 military, civil service and contractor personnel and indirectly supports
more than 32,000 jobs off base, Air Force figures show.

The money is in addition to the $4.1 million AFRL said this month it will spend
to hire universities and nonprofit organizations to bring more technology out of
its labs and into the marketplace to build the industrial base and create jobs.

The U.S. government has pushed federal labs to commercialize more technology.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              780 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

North Carolina: Rural Infrastructure Authority Joins Golden LEAF in Announcing
$35M in Grants

LENGTH: 923  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Commerce, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:



 Secretary of Commerce John E. Skvarla, III, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman Tommy Hester and Golden LEAF President Dan Gerlach announced today
approximately $35 million in grants to provide needed infrastructure to seven
large industrial sites across North Carolina. The goal is to increase site
competitiveness and reduce the time needed for site development to attract major
projects with substantial job creation and private capital investment.









 The Major Site Development Initiative (MSDI) is a joint effort among the Golden
LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy. The
collaborative effort  was announced on April 7, 2016.







 "These funds are being applied strategically to make sites with the greatest
job-generating potential as shovel-ready as possible," said Commerce Secretary
Skvarla. "This additional infrastructure should significantly boost North
Carolina's appeal for big-ticket projects."







 Awards were derived from $25 million in Golden LEAF grants and up to $10
million in Rural Infrastructure Authority grants from the Industrial Development
Fund - Utility Account. Duke Energy contributed support toward the analysis of
readiness of sites to qualify for this initiative.







 The Rural Infrastructure Authority awarded the following grants under the MSDI:




 o    $1,679,700 to Edgecombe County for "Kingsboro Mega-Site Infrastructure (A
CSX Select Site)" to support water, sewer and road infrastructure and a
groundwater study.



 o    $1,418,000 to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" to support sewer infrastructure.



 o    $3,000,000 to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" to support water
infrastructure.



 o    $1,782,000 to Franklin County for sewer improvements at Triangle North
Franklin.



 o    $773,822 to Pitt County for sewer and road improvements at Indigreen
Corporate Park.







 The IDF-Utility Account is funded with a portion of Job Development Investment
Grant (JDIG)



 proceeds.







 "The aim of the Utility Account is to help less populated counties modernize
their industrial product," said Tommy Hester, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman. "These grants help put the finishing touches on big sites with big
potential."







 The Golden LEAF Foundation awarded the following grants under the MSDI:







 o    $7 million to the Carolinas Gateway Partnership for the project "Kingsboro
Mega-Site



 Infrastructure (A CSX Select Site)" for additional infrastructure.  (described
above).



 o    $7 million to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the City of Sanford for the project "Moncure MegaSite"
(described above).



 o    $3 million to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the Town of Siler City for the project "Chatham-Siler City
Advanced Manufacturing (CAM) Site Water & Wastewater Service" to support water
and wastewater infrastructure.







 "Our Board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF President. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."







 The funded entities met a standard set of criteria, including public ownership
or public control of a site that is at least 150 contiguous acres, appropriate
local financial support, recent private- sector interest in developing an
industrial project at the site, and a strategy to market the site to identified
clients. Submissions included independent evaluations of site readiness and
qualification.







 About NC Rural Infrastructure Authority:



 The North Carolina Rural Infrastructure Authority (RIA) reviews, approves and
monitors requests for state and federal funds administered by NC Commerce's
Rural Economic Development team. The RIA is comprised of 15 members appointed by
the Governor and General Assembly leaders. The Commerce Secretary is an ex
officio member of the Authority, which meets six times a year. Since the
Authority's creation in late 2013, the RIA and Commerce Rural Economic
Development have facilitated $120 million in grants and loans to support utility
upgrades, road and rail access, building reuse and demolition projects, plus
other infrastructure improvements enabling job growth in North Carolina's less
populated communities.







 About Golden LEAF:



 The Golden LEAF Foundation is a nonprofit organization established in 1999 to
help transform North Carolina's economy. The Foundation receives a portion of
North Carolina's funds from the 1998 Master Settlement Agreement with cigarette
manufacturers and places special emphasis on assisting tobacco-dependent,
economically distressed and/or rural communities across the state. The Golden
LEAF Foundation works in partnership with governmental entities, educational
institutions, economic development organizations and nonprofits to achieve its
mission. The foundation has awarded 1,421 grants worth over $698 million since
its inception. To learn more about applying for a grant, visit
www.goldenleaf.org or call 888.684.8404.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

North Carolina: Rural Infrastructure Authority Joins Golden LEAF in Announcing
$35M in Grants

LENGTH: 923  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Commerce, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:



 Secretary of Commerce John E. Skvarla, III, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman Tommy Hester and Golden LEAF President Dan Gerlach announced today
approximately $35 million in grants to provide needed infrastructure to seven
large industrial sites across North Carolina. The goal is to increase site
competitiveness and reduce the time needed for site development to attract major
projects with substantial job creation and private capital investment.









 The Major Site Development Initiative (MSDI) is a joint effort among the Golden
LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy. The
collaborative effort  was announced on April 7, 2016.







 "These funds are being applied strategically to make sites with the greatest
job-generating potential as shovel-ready as possible," said Commerce Secretary
Skvarla. "This additional infrastructure should significantly boost North
Carolina's appeal for big-ticket projects."







 Awards were derived from $25 million in Golden LEAF grants and up to $10
million in Rural Infrastructure Authority grants from the Industrial Development
Fund - Utility Account. Duke Energy contributed support toward the analysis of
readiness of sites to qualify for this initiative.







 The Rural Infrastructure Authority awarded the following grants under the MSDI:




 o    $1,679,700 to Edgecombe County for "Kingsboro Mega-Site Infrastructure (A
CSX Select Site)" to support water, sewer and road infrastructure and a
groundwater study.



 o    $1,418,000 to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" to support sewer infrastructure.



 o    $3,000,000 to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" to support water
infrastructure.



 o    $1,782,000 to Franklin County for sewer improvements at Triangle North
Franklin.



 o    $773,822 to Pitt County for sewer and road improvements at Indigreen
Corporate Park.







 The IDF-Utility Account is funded with a portion of Job Development Investment
Grant (JDIG)



 proceeds.







 "The aim of the Utility Account is to help less populated counties modernize
their industrial product," said Tommy Hester, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman. "These grants help put the finishing touches on big sites with big
potential."







 The Golden LEAF Foundation awarded the following grants under the MSDI:







 o    $7 million to the Carolinas Gateway Partnership for the project "Kingsboro
Mega-Site



 Infrastructure (A CSX Select Site)" for additional infrastructure.  (described
above).



 o    $7 million to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the City of Sanford for the project "Moncure MegaSite"
(described above).



 o    $3 million to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the Town of Siler City for the project "Chatham-Siler City
Advanced Manufacturing (CAM) Site Water & Wastewater Service" to support water
and wastewater infrastructure.







 "Our Board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF President. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."







 The funded entities met a standard set of criteria, including public ownership
or public control of a site that is at least 150 contiguous acres, appropriate
local financial support, recent private- sector interest in developing an
industrial project at the site, and a strategy to market the site to identified
clients. Submissions included independent evaluations of site readiness and
qualification.







 About NC Rural Infrastructure Authority:



 The North Carolina Rural Infrastructure Authority (RIA) reviews, approves and
monitors requests for state and federal funds administered by NC Commerce's
Rural Economic Development team. The RIA is comprised of 15 members appointed by
the Governor and General Assembly leaders. The Commerce Secretary is an ex
officio member of the Authority, which meets six times a year. Since the
Authority's creation in late 2013, the RIA and Commerce Rural Economic
Development have facilitated $120 million in grants and loans to support utility
upgrades, road and rail access, building reuse and demolition projects, plus
other infrastructure improvements enabling job growth in North Carolina's less
populated communities.







 About Golden LEAF:



 The Golden LEAF Foundation is a nonprofit organization established in 1999 to
help transform North Carolina's economy. The Foundation receives a portion of
North Carolina's funds from the 1998 Master Settlement Agreement with cigarette
manufacturers and places special emphasis on assisting tobacco-dependent,
economically distressed and/or rural communities across the state. The Golden
LEAF Foundation works in partnership with governmental entities, educational
institutions, economic development organizations and nonprofits to achieve its
mission. The foundation has awarded 1,421 grants worth over $698 million since
its inception. To learn more about applying for a grant, visit
www.goldenleaf.org or call 888.684.8404.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           December 14, 2004 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Group pushes access to cancer treatments;
American Cancer Society's goal is to open clinical trials to more Floridians.

BYLINE: CHERIE BLACK, The Times-Union

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 791 words


Florida ranks second in the nation in cancer affliction and deaths, but 20th in
federal funding to fight the disease. In an effort to reverse that disparity,
the Florida Division of the American Cancer Society is launching its own remedy.

Florida Dialogue on Cancer is a collaboration of public, private and non-profit
sectors looking to enhance Florida's cancer research infrastructure and improve
Floridians' access to the latest treatments, said Ralph DeVitto, chief operating
officer of the American Cancer Society, Florida Division. The collaboration was
patterned after the National Dialogue on Cancer launched by former President
Bush and includes local institutions such as Mayo Clinic Jacksonville.

The American Cancer Society puts Florida second behind California in terms of
cancer incidence and mortality and shows the state receives approximately $38
million annually from the National Cancer Institute. California receives about
$650 million annually -- nearly 17 times what Florida receives.

"It takes funding to get funding. . . . Florida has the burden of the federal
funds flowing elsewhere," DeVitto said. "California did what we're doing many
years ago and has made tremendous strides. Florida would see the same thing
happen and the need is greater."

DeVitto said Florida Dialogue on Cancer is asking the Legislature to invest $500
million over the next five years to enhance Florida's cancer research
infrastructure.

Research shows an investment of that size can help move Florida from 20th to
fifth in terms of funding within 10 years, he said. The investment would
increase annual federal funding to about $250 million. The money would be
allocated to the Florida Cancer Council, which was created by the state during
the last legislative session.

The council would make grants available to Florida cancer research institutions
through a competitive, peer-reviewed grant process. The applications would need
to demonstrate that the money would be used to expand Florida's existing cancer
research infrastructure, DeVitto said.

"Hopefully we're going to have success with the Legislature and they'll see the
impact in the fight against cancer," he said. "There will be a reduction in
cancer incidents and mortality and there will be a great economic impact."

State Sen. Stephen Wise, R-Jacksonville, said although he would be happy to
support an initiative decreasing cancer incidents, there are many issues on the
table including nursing homes and medical malpractice, and he doesn't see where
the $100 million a year would come from.

"Cancer is an insipid disease, but you've got to make choices and this is going
to take money from somewhere," he said. "I think it's got a hard row to hoe and
they'll have to convince someone to invest the money. . . . Right now I don't
see how we could do it."

Through a $500,000 federal grant, the Florida Dialogue on Cancer also launched
in November the Florida Cancer Clinical Trials Cooperative Inc., the state's
first comprehensive clinical trial information and matching resource. Through a
Web site and telephone number, cancer patients and physicians now have access to
175 cancer clinical trials including 73 in Jacksonville -- more than any other
city in the state. Users can search a comprehensive database to identify trials
for more than 20 different kinds of cancers and can locate trials in other
states.

"Within the past decade or less, there's been an explosion of opportunities to
expand and understand a patient's cancer," said Robert Smallridge, deputy
director of the Mayo Clinic Cancer Center and board member of the Florida
Dialogue on Cancer. "We'll know better in a year, but theoretically this
cooperative will allow patients from one end of the state to the other to have
better access to care."

cherie.black@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4504

CANCER BURDEN

Florida has the second-highest cancer incidence rate and cancer mortality rate
in the country. The disease is the second leading cause of death in the state.
Below is a breakdown of Jacksonville-area cancer cases and deaths. Duval County
ranks sixth in the state in new cases and fifth in total number of deaths.

Baker -- 591/263

Clay -- 93/41

Duval -- 3,515 / 1,511

Nassau -- 272/ 116

St. Johns -- 672/ 286

Putnam -- 429/ 233

Source: 2003 Florida Annual Cancer Report: Incidence and Mortality for 2000

ONLINE

FOR MORE INFORMATION

@ The Florida Cancer Clinical Trials Cooperative Inc. offers comprehensive
cancer clinical trials information and matching service where patients and
health-care providers can locate, determine eligibility for and learn about the
importance of available cancer clinical trials in Florida and other states.

For more information, call 1-800-584-9976 or go to Jacksonville.com, keywords:
fla cancer.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 The Florida Times-Union


                              783 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              June 8, 2015 Monday

Military communities to continue fight for state support

BYLINE: By Marty Schladen / El Paso Times / Follow @martyschladen

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 523 words


AUSTIN &GT;&GT; Advocates who wanted to protect military communities from base
closure or shrinkage got just a fifth of the money they wanted from the
Legislature for a state grant program.

So military cities are going to use the legislative interim, explaining to
lawmakers from nonmilitary districts why Texas' military presence matters to
them, the lobbyist who represents mayors of military cities said Monday.

"We'll continue to advocate for the importance of these bases to the folks who
are in areas that don't have them," said Snapper Carr, who represents Texas
Mayors of Military Communities, which includes El Paso.

Carr also represents the city of El Paso in the Capitol.

A state report completed before the Legislative session said that the military
generates $150 billion for the state's economy and if Texas' 15 installations
are taken together, they're the second-largest employer.

Fort Bliss has an economic impact of more than $25 billion, Rep. Ccsar Blanco,
D-El Paso, has said, quoting figures from the Texas Comptroller's Office.

With foreign wars winding down and the military seeking to streamline its
mission, many observers, including Rep. Joe Moody, D-El Paso, expect the Base
Realignment and Closure Commission to conduct another review soon. It will
decide which bases to close, which to expand and which to shrink.

Fort Bliss expanded greatly as a result of such a review in 2005.

As part of the BRAC process, one factor considered by the commission is whether
the states and local communities have taken steps to accommodate military
installations.

Among local projects in El Paso, Moody has said, are the Kay Bailey Hutchison
Desalination Plant, Spur 601 and some of the projects funded with the city's
quality of life bonds.

To enable state assistance, the Legislature in 2013 gave the Texas Military
Preparedness Commission the latitude to use an existing program   Defense
Economic Adjustment Assistance Grants   to help military communities undertake
projects to make them more attractive during the BRAC process.

However, the grant program hasn't been funded since 2009. Despite a request for
$150 million, the session that started in January and ended last week appeared
to be headed the same way.

"It appeared as if there wasn't going to be any money for the projects," Carr
said.

He and others mounted an effort to show lawmakers the urgency of funding the
program with the prospect of another BRAC review looming. Late in the session,
$30 million was added for the grants.

"The governor's office and the speaker's office took the initiative," Carr said,
referring to Gov. Greg Abbott and Speaker Joe Straus, R-San Antonio.

Also passed was Senate Bill 318 , which raised the maximum amount for an
individual grant from $2 million to $5 million.

The task now, Carr said, is to convince lawmakers who don't represent military
towns that, as a state with the largest military presence, the entire Texas
economy depends on keeping the facilities.

He compared it to the state's dependence on energy production.

"The same analogy can be drawn with the military sector," he said.

Marty Schladen may be reached at 512-479-6606.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Texas Capitol is viewed from its south side on Wednesday, Jan. 5,
2005, in Austin, Texas. The 79th Texas Legislature is set to begin at noon on
Tuesday, Jan. 11. Regular sessions are scheduled to run for 140 days every two
years.(AP Photo/Harry Cabluck)
The Texas state capitol.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                              July 20, 2012 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Cash will boost digital Teesside

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 262 words


TEESSIDE'S digital future has been given a shot in the arm with a £1.9m cash
injection.

The grant has been awarded to DigitalCity Innovation (DCI) from the European
Regional Development Fund (ERDF).

The cash will enable the organisation at Teesside University to continue and
expand its work supporting digital businesses and organisations.

"We have positioned DCI, and the Tees Valley, as a centre of digital academic
excellence and expertise," said LauraWoods, director of academic enterprise at
the university, pictured. "This funding means our work in this area can continue
to grow and build upon the already thriving digital community we have founded
here."

DCI supports the ongoing work by the Digitalcity initiative to grow the digital
and creative industries clusters.

This includes the Digitalcity Fellowship Scheme, a programme supporting
graduates of the university who live in the North-east and have an original
project idea.

Ms Woods said: "Since 2008 almost 200 companies have been created which has made
a big economic impact on the Tees Valley." Mark Hill, technical director of DCI,
said the funding was recognition of the "huge importance" of digital on
Teesside.

"DCI fellowships have created flourishing companies in the digital sector and
companies are emerging all the time.

"We are looking forward to working with digital fellows with engineering,
science and technology backgrounds to launch even more new companies in the
region.

"And we are extending our outreach to more traditional industries so they can
see how digital can help their business to grow."

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EGM


                    Copyright 2012 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                              July 20, 2012 Friday
                                  1st Edition

Cash will boost digital Teesside

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 266 words


TEESSIDE'S digital future has been given a shot in the arm with a pounds 1.9m
cash injection.

The grant has been awarded to DigitalCity Innovation (DCI) from the European
Regional Development Fund (ERDF).

The cash will enable the organisation at Teesside University to continue and
expand its work supporting digital businesses and organisations.

"We have positioned DCI, and the Tees Valley, as a centre of digital academic
excellence and expertise," said LauraWoods, director of academic enterprise at
the university, pictured. "This funding means our work in this area can continue
to grow and build upon the already thriving digital community we have founded
here."

DCI supports the ongoing work by the Digitalcity initiative to grow the digital
and creative industries clusters.

This includes the Digitalcity Fellowship Scheme, a programme supporting
graduates of the university who live in the North-east and have an original
project idea.

Ms Woods said: "Since 2008 almost 200 companies have been created which has made
a big economic impact on the Tees Valley." Mark Hill, technical director of DCI,
said the funding was recognition of the "huge importance" of digital on
Teesside.

"DCI fellowships have created flourishing companies in the digital sector and
companies are emerging all the time.

"We are looking forward to working with digital fellows with engineering,
science and technology backgrounds to launch even more new companies in the
region.

"And we are extending our outreach to more traditional industries so they can
see how digital can help their business to grow."

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: gz


                    Copyright 2012 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             March 19, 2013 Tuesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: EDITORIAL; P-com Nav Inquirer Opinion; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 1202 words


Region discounting arts' value

Philadelphians are counting on culture to fuel our economy, educate children,
generate tax revenue, and build our quality of life. Yet, we have slashed the
Cultural Fund budget in half from $3.2 million in 2010 to $1.6 million today.
That means we invest just $1 per year per citizen.

So the fund is making nearly impossible decisions on funding ("Cultural Fund
awards 244 grants: Friction emerges over handling of W. Phila. group," March 7).
It's basic math: With less to go around every year, many vital community
cultural programs no longer make the cut.

Over the last 20 years, City Council has been smart to invest in arts and
culture, since the region's cultural sector provides 44,000 jobs, and returns
$3.3 billion in yearly economic impact and $169 million in taxes. But while
vital to our economy, arts and culture organizations are vulnerable. Attendance
rose 5 percent during the recession, but this couldn't make up for much deeper
cuts in government and corporate support. Trimming budgets and adopting better
management practices can only go so far.

For a vibrant community that helps educate our kids, attracts visitors and
business from around the globe, and rebuilds our tax base, we need to renew our
commitment to arts and culture. Council should restore the Cultural Fund from $1
per person per year to $2. That's an important dollar in a city that too often
settles for less, and just might make the difference between second-class and
world-class.

Tom Kaiden, president, Greater Philadelphia Cultural Alliance, Philadelphia

Insulating against higher costs

Homes in our area built before 1985 are those most in need of improvements that
will reduce the energy needed (and the expense) for home heating and cooling,
which is the goal of the EnergyWorks program, a regional initiative supported by
a grant from the U.S. Department of Energy's Better Buildings Program ("Snug at
home," March 8).

Through this program, residential and commercial owners get help planning,
financing, implementing, and assessing energy-saving projects designed to
produce energy efficiencies of at least 25 percent - with many cutting energy
use by as much as 40 percent. As a joint effort by a coalition of leaders from
Bucks, Chester, Delaware, and Montgomery Counties, and Philadelphia, EnergyWorks
can help property owners experience greater energy efficiency and lower
expenses.

Katherine Gajewski, director of sustainability, City of Philadelphia,
Katherine.Gajewski@phila.gov

Friends don't eat Flicka

Given the recent European scandal over tainted horse meat, it is astonishing
that any chef would consider serving horse meat in Philadelphia, as recently
reported. Horses are raised for sport, work, and recreation here, and routinely
are given more than 100 drugs prohibited for use in animals intended for human
consumption. The slaughter industry gathers horses from random sources -
commonly from unsuspecting owners at auction - without knowing the animals'
medical history. No system is in place to prevent potentially toxic horse meat
from entering the food chain.

Our horses are companions just as much as dogs and cats. Peddling horse meat in
restaurants not only enables a predatory industry, but endangers consumer health
and contributes to cruelty.

Sarah Speed, Pennsylvania state director, Humane Society of the United States

No day off for chattering classes

A recent ad in your newspaper boasted of "Big News For Our Subscribers," but
that could well be The Inquirer as we know it disappearing. I'm particularly
troubled by the loss of the Saturday editorial page. Come on. You are a major,
Pulitzer Prize-winning paper. You, your letter writers, and your commentators
always have something to say. Please let us know what they're thinking every
day, including Saturdays.

Ted Robb, Haddonfield

Tax delinquency just a symptom

It's completely delusional to think that a more vigilant city administration
will spin gold by squeezing the tax-delinquent owners of 100,000 Philadelphia
properties. Blood from stones would be a much easier proposition, since these
properties largely are worthless in this market and their assessed values are
pure fantasies. Unless the city confronts the deterrents that prevent large
numbers of people from choosing to live and work here, such as high taxes,
overregulation, union thuggery, and lawsuit chicanery, then more properties will
become worthless and join the tax-delinquent rolls. Since none of the above is
remotely possible in a one-party Democratic town, would the last person to leave
please be eco-friendly - and turn out the lights?

Michael B. Hudson, Pottstown

Flying the flag for our veterans

On a recent visit to St. Martin's cemetery in New Hope, my wife and I noticed
that virtually all of the flags of veterans were missing from the markers. There
are probably 40 to 50 veterans buried there with markers but no flag. Many don't
have surviving family. So we were wondering if there was a way we could honor
our deceased vets with a small flag. Any ideas?

Jim Wilson, New Hope, info@wilsonrx.com

A city with respect for its past

I appreciated the article on the pending demolition of landmark townhouse
buildings on Chestnut Street in University City ("Deal ends fight over two
buildings, funds cathedral," March 14). As I visit other cities, I am reminded
that Philadelphia is so unique with its fabric of older, human-scale buildings.
Cities need to grow and to change. We call that progress, I suppose. In this
case, at least there was much discussion before these buildings were razed.
Thanks to The Inquirer for its role in maintaining awareness of this city's
progress.

Robert Stevens, West Chester

Gays at ease in doting parent role

In the 2010 Argentine debate that led to passage of same-sex marriage
legislation, then-Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio was vociferously opposed - and
particularly against same-sex adoption, saying the law would confuse and deceive
children.

The gay and lesbian parents I know have raised their children the same way
everyone else does: with love, care, compassion, and occasional frustration.
None of my friends' children seem to be confused or deceived. The love that they
feel from their parents is warm, kind, and nurturing.

Thomas Dwyer, Hollywood

Suffer the little four-legged ones

What a delight that the pope named himself after St. Francis of Assisi, patron
saint of animals. Indeed, Catholic and Anglican churches bless animals yearly on
St. Francis' Oct. 4 feast day. Hopefully, Pope Francis will inspire Catholics
and all people of goodwill to show animals the respect and compassion they so
richly deserve.

Pavel Anistadt, Philadelphia

Don't ease up on smokestacks

How sad that President Obama is waffling on regulating power-plant air
emissions. Any federal effort to protect Americans' lungs gets smashed by an
energy industry that seeks only to preserve the status quo. It's time for
citizens, industry, and government to wake up to the reality of the combined
problems of climate change, smog, asthma, lung cancer, and heart attacks - all
impacted by emissions from burning gas or coal. Our kids' futures depend upon
it.

Chara Armon, Wallingford

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

FVSU gains major support in 2014

LENGTH: 1359  words

DATELINE: Fort Valley


State University Drive has issued the following news release:

For Fort Valley State University, last year was a banner year in the area of
External Affairs. The university received several major grants that will help
fund students scholarships and launch new programs on campus. Read the briefs
below for an overview of the grant money that FVSU received in 2014.

FVSU receives a grant from the Governor's Office of Highway Safety Fort Valley
State University's Valley Behavioral Services Counseling Center received $6,500
in funding from the Georgia Governor's Office of Highway Safety to continue an
alcohol awareness program aimed at reducing the number of drunk driver crashes
among college-age students.

Blue Bird donates $15,000 to FVSU's Honors Program Fort Valley State
University's new Honors Program recently received a financial boost when the
nation's primary bus manufacturer donated $15,000 to support the institution's
scholars.

FVSU annual scholarship luncheon attracts hundreds  More than 700 FVSU faculty,
staff, students, alumni and supporters recently gathered in the Health and
Physical Education Complex on the main campus for the university's 27th annual
scholarship luncheon. The event, hosted by the FVSU Foundation, Inc., is the
institution's largest annual fundraising event for student scholarships.

FVSU awarded first-generation scholarship program  The Thurgood Marshall College
Fund recently selected FVSU to receive funding from its TMCF's First Generation
Scholars Program. The program, which is sponsored by the Coca-Cola Foundation,
will provide financial support to four university students attending the college
in the amount of $3,125. Each scholarship is renewable for four years for a
total investment of $50,000.

New pre-kindergarten program available in Macon County FVSU's Head Start Program
received $63,000 from the Georgia Department of Early Care and Learning, to
start a new pre-kindergarten program in Macon County for the 2014-2015 school
year. The program will serve 20 children at FVSU's Head Start facility in
Marshallville. Classes begin Aug. 18.

FVSU receives NSF grant to start minor in applied statistics The National
Science Foundation recently awarded FVSU's mathematics and computer science
department a $393,684 grant to launch a new minor program in Applied Statistics.

FVSU to repair and reopen pool thanks to USG funding FVSU's damaged swimming
pool underwent repairs thanks to $400,000 in funding that President Ivelaw Lloyd
Griffith secured from University System of Georgia's Board of Regents Chancellor
Hank M. Huckaby.

1964 alumni class makes record-setting donation to Fort Valley State University
The FVSU Class of 1964 recently made a record-setting donation of $70,000 as
part of its 50-year reunion and celebration. Tommy McMullins, a member of the
FVSU Golden Class of 1964 and the group's fundraising chair, said he hopes the
gift, presented on May 2, inspires other alums to give back to Fort Valley
State.

Northrup Grumman makes donation to FVSU  Global security company Northrop
Grumman Corporation donated $5,000 to the university's scholarship fund. Two
company representatives, Human Resources Manager Keri Pierce and Finance Manager
Larry Wingate, delivered the check to FVSU president Ivelaw Lloyd Griffith on
Dec. 11, 2014 in the presidential conference room in Troup Building.

Fort Valley State University to launch the Advance2Go Program for Adult Learners
FVSU is expanding opportunities for adult learners to earn their college degrees
and enhance their on-the-job skills thanks to new grant funding recently
obtained from the Georgia governor's office. The university received $25,000 to
start implementing the "Advance2Go" program for adult learners on campus.

Fort Valley Chapter of The Links, Incorporated makes donation to the school  A
Fort Valley civic organization recently donated money to ensure that scholars
matriculating at FVSU can fulfill their dreams of earning their college degrees.
The Fort Valley Chapter of the Links recently donated $5,762.80 to its Fort
Valley Links Incorporated endowment, which provides scholarship money for
students attending the university.

Pre-College STEM pipeline program nets $724, 000 federal windfall A FVSU program
that encourages pre-college students to pursue science, technology, engineering
and mathematical-related fields recently received federal funding to continue
its mission. The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission awarded FVSU $724,312 grant
to support its (STEM) pipeline program: the Mathematics, Science and Engineering
Academy. The four-year grant award period began in Sept. 30, 2014 and will last
until 2018.

FVSU Title III Grant renewed for a third year FVSU recently received the green
light to expand a program that improves student outcomes for teacher education
and STEM disciplines. The program is funded through a Title III grant dedicated
to strengthening historically black colleges and universities. FVSU's renewal
for a third year of funding has increased from $85,000 to $118,530.

FVSU nets $149,500 grant to prepare future biotechnology workers The United
States Department of Agriculture's National Institute of Food and Agriculture
awarded FVSU's Biotechnology Program a $149,500 grant to implement a new program
that will help with the recruitment and retention of high school students and
college students in biotechnology-related fields. The grant period ends in
August 31, 2016.

NSF funds used to partner with the University of the Philippines - Los Banos
Fort Valley State University received $7,500 in supplemental funding from the
National Science Foundation, Department of Biological Infra-structure that will
help create a U.S. - Philippines International collaborative Research Experience
for Undergraduates in Biotechnology program. The campus will partner with the
University of Philippines and the International Rice Research Institute in the
Philippines on research and education in the field of plant genomics and
biotechnology, and provide training, networking and intellectual development
opportunities for undergraduates and faculty scientists with international
research backgrounds.

Retired FVSU administrator launches scholarship fund - Anna Holloway, who served
as the dean for the College of Graduate Studies and Extended Education, launched
the 46 Years Scholarship Fund before her retirement in June. Holloway worked at
FVSU as a professor and an administrator for 46 years.

FVSU's Economic Impact in Georgia? - $139 million says research group -  In its
"Economic Impact of Fort Valley State University" report, the Hanover Research
firm found the university had a state-wide financial impact of $139 million that
supported more than 1,300 jobs in Georgia. The impact figure reflected an
initial input of $59 million by FVSU and $25 million by students. The group also
found the greatest source of the total impact came from the institution's
employee payroll expenditures with a $66 million impact statewide.

Homecoming donors give more than $330,000 for FVSU scholarships - Earlier this
year, a U.S. News and World Report Short List study found that Fort Valley State
University's alum were ranked seventh in the nation for HBCU alumni that
regularly give back to help their school. This year, supporters stayed true to
that ranking by donating more than $330,000 during homecoming. The funds will be
earmarked for scholarship initiatives for Fort Valley State University students.

College of Agriculture earns approximately $700,000 in grant funds - Students,
community members and farmers will reap benefits from approximately $700,000 in
grants funds earned by faculty in Fort Valley State University's College of
Agriculture, Family Sciences and Technology. Dr. Brou Kouakou, FVSU associate
professor of ruminant nutrition, Dr. Sarwan Dhir, FVSU associate professor of
plant biotechnology, Dr. George McCommon, FVSU associate professor of veterinary
sciences and Dr. Hari Singh, research assistant professor, each received an 1890
Capacity Building Grant.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

Cheers;
Advocating for our kids

SECTION: Pg. A-6

LENGTH: 366 words


Bravo to the Florida Guardian ad Litem program for receiving a major financial
grant to support its wonderful work for children.

The state Guardian ad Litem program will receive a $250,000 grant from the
National Court Appointed Special Advocate Association.

The money will be used to increase the number of trained Guardian ad Litem
volunteers who can serve as advocates for children in the Florida foster care
system.

Many of these children have been neglected and abused.

And they need adults who look out for their best interests during the process of
helping them find safe, loving foster homes.

Great news!

JU STEPS UP TO HELP ARLINGTON

Cheers to Jacksonville University for its continuing work on an initiative to
dramatically transform and improve the Arlington community by the year 2020.

JU is a key part of Arlington, and the university's efforts to improve it are
paying off all throughout the community.

And here is a recent example:

Former JU basketball player and 1971 alum Greg Nelson, now a successful business
exec, has remained in close contact with the university for years.

When Nelson's son, Sean, wanted to find a new home for computers he was
replacing at the Orlando health care firm he manages, the elder Nelson asked JU
if any organizations in the Arlington community could use the technology.

The university's Community Engagement Center found that Impact Church in
Arlington could use the computers for students attending its learning center.

After some refurbishing work, the computers were donated by the Nelsons to the
church.

Talk about a win-win scenario!

So let's applaud JU for working to help Arlington - and Greg and Sean Nelson for
backing that effort.

LOCAL GROUP GIVES OUT AWARDS

Congratulations to several area firms who were recently recognized for
excellence and achievement by the First Coast Manufacturers Association.

Two companies, UTC Aerospace and Fleet Readiness Center Southeast, shared the
association's award for "Manufacturer of the Year."

Other award winners were:

- Workforce Education: Vac-Con.

- Environmental: Saft America.

- Economic Impact: Beaver Street Fisheries.

- Partner of the Year: Golder Associates.

- Founders Service: Carlisle Interconnect Technologies.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Florida Times-Union


                              789 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Bluefield Daily Telegraph (West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Kessler plans meeting with Obama to discuss area needs

BYLINE: Charles Owens, Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 629 words


Sept. 30--WASHINGTON -- A Democratic candidate for governor says he is planning
to meet today with President Barack Obama to discuss the needs of the coalfield
counties of southern West Virginia.

West Virginia Senate Minority Leader and Democratic gubernatorial candidate Jeff
Kessler said he expects to have an opportunity to speak one-on-one with Obama
today as part of a state legislator briefing at the White House.

"I can't imagine he will spend more than an hour with us, but when the president
calls -- you go," Kessler told the Daily Telegraph Tuesday. "You drop what you
are doing and you go regardless of your politics and his popularity."

Kessler said one of the issues he will be discussing with Obama today is the
SCORE initiative that he launched in 2014. The legislative task force, also
known as the Southern Coalfields Organizing and Revitalizing the Economy, was
formed by lawmakers for the stated purpose of revitalizing West Virginia's
struggling coalfield counties. The task force held multiple meetings across
southern West Virginia in late 2014.

Kessler, who was also in Washington last week for the arrival of Pope Francis,
said he spoke briefly with administration officials at that time about the need
to invest in clean coal research, getting coal miners back to work and the
immediate need to help southern West Virginia diversify its economy.

"I'm encouraged to be asked back to continue the conversation," Kessler said.

Kessler said another issue he will discuss with Obama today is the
administration's Power Plus Plan, which would put $1 billion toward miner
retraining, coalfield redevelopment and reclamation as well as promoting
economic diversification.

Kessler said the Republican-controlled Legislature in West Virginia, and
Democratic Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin, have yet to act upon the federal measure,
which he argues would have a significant positive economic impact on West
Virginia. If elected governor, Kessler said one of his first actions would be an
executive order allowing the Mountain State to participate in the federal
program.

"I know Kentucky jumped on board of that initiative," Kessler said. "That is one
of the things I would do as governor. You don't turn that down."

Kessler, who is vying with Jim Justice for the Democratic nomination for
governor, said he hasn't heard any viable plans lately from Justice or
Republican Bill Cole on how to help rebuild the state's economy.

Cole said Tuesday he was at the Southern States Energy Board meeting looking for
ways to fight the negative impact of Obama's Clean Power Plan on West Virginia.

"Today at the Southern States Energy Board meeting I met with one of the top
officials at the EPA to discuss the devastating affect the Clean Power Plan will
have on our state," Cole said. "Submitting a plan to the federal government
under the current proposal is going to be a tough sell with me, and any plan
requires legislative approval. Rather than going to Washington, I join Senator
Shelley Moore Capito in asking EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy to come to West
Virginia and meet with the miners whose lives are being destroyed by these
policies."

Grant Herring, communications director for Justice, said he hoped Kessler's trip
to Washington today simply isn't a political move.

"Many people have met with the administration to attempt to inject some common
sense into their coalfields policy," Herring said. "We would hope this is not
just another political move and that something positive comes out of it because
our coalfields need all the help they can get."

-- Contact Charles Owens at cowens@bdtonline.com

___ (c)2015 the Bluefield Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) Visit the Bluefield
Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) at bdtonline.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150930-WF-Kessler-plans-meeting-with-Obama-to-discuss-area-needs-0930-20150930

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WF


                    Copyright 2015 Bluefield Daily Telegraph


                              790 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

Arizona: G20 Leaders' Brisbane Statement on Ebola

LENGTH: 703  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Arizona State has issued the following news release:

The statement below was released tonight by Australia in its capacity as host of
the G20.

We are deeply concerned about the Ebola outbreak in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra
Leone and saddened by the suffering and loss of life it is inflicting. We are
mindful of the serious humanitarian, social and economic impacts on those
countries, and of the potential for these impacts to spread.

The governments and people of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone are making
tremendous efforts to fight the outbreak, with the support of the African Union
and other African countries. We commend the brave service of health care and
relief workers. We also applaud the contributions of countries worldwide, the
United Nations (UN) and its bodies such as the World Health Organization (WHO),
international and regional organisations and financial institutions,
non-governmental and religious organisations, and the private sector. We fully
support the UN Mission for Ebola Emergency Response's ongoing work to harness
capacity to stop the outbreak, treat the infected, ensure essential services,
preserve stability and prevent further outbreaks and urge that it act swiftly to
achieve these objectives.

G20 members are committed to do what is necessary to ensure the international
effort can extinguish the outbreak and address its medium-term economic and
humanitarian costs. We will work through bilateral, regional and multilateral
channels, and in partnership with non-governmental stakeholders. We will share
our experiences of successfully fighting Ebola with our partners, including to
promote safe conditions and training for health care and relief workers. We will
work to expedite the effective and targeted disbursement of funds and other
assistance, balancing between emergency and longer-term needs.

We invite those governments that have yet to do so to join in providing
financial contributions, appropriately qualified and trained medical teams and
personnel, medical and protective equipment, and medicines and treatments. While
commending ongoing work, we urge greater efforts by researchers, regulators and
pharmaceutical companies to develop safe, effective and affordable diagnostic
tools, vaccines and treatments. We call upon international and regional
institutions, civil society and the private sector to work with governments to
mitigate the impacts of the crisis and ensure the longer-term economic recovery.

In this regard, we urge the World Bank Group (WBG) and International Monetary
Fund (IMF) to continue their strong support for the affected countries and
welcome the IMF's initiative to make available a further $300 million to stem
the Ebola outbreak and ease pressures on Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone,
through a combination of concessional loans, debt relief, and grants. We ask the
IMF and WBG to explore new, flexible mechanisms to address the economic effects
of future comparable crises.

This outbreak illustrates the urgency of addressing longer-term systemic issues
and gaps in capability, preparedness and response capacity that expose the
global economy to the impacts of infectious disease. G20 members recommit to
full implementation of the WHO's International Health Regulations (IHR). To this
end, and in the context of our broader efforts to strengthen health systems
globally, we commit to support others to implement the IHR and to build capacity
to prevent, detect, report early and rapidly respond to infectious diseases like
Ebola. We also commit to fight anti-microbial resistance. Interested G20 members
are supporting this goal through initiatives to accelerate action across the
Economic Community of West African States and other vulnerable regions and will
report progress and announce a time frame by May 2015 at the World Health
Assembly.

We invite all countries to join us in mobilizing resources to strengthen
national, regional and global preparedness against the threat posed by
infectious diseases to global health and strong, sustainable and balanced growth
for all. We will remain vigilant and responsive.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Dalby Herald (Queensland)

                                 July 15, 2011

Rates to go up by 3%: Budget

BYLINE:  Debbie Beaven

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 725  words


Ratepayers and the energy sector will feel the pain of the Western Downs
Regional Council's latest budget.

Traditional ratepayers will face an average three per cent rate rise after the
council formally adopted its final budget, with the Energy Sector and intensive
industry ratepayers being slugged with a 10 per cent rise.

The $232.1 million budget will include a $109.7 million capital works budget
which includes carry-over projects totalling $35.2 million to fund vital
infrastructure development and operating expenditure of $122.4 million.

Western Downs Regional Council's fourth budget aims to balance its commitment to
delivering quality services for the future, while managing the harsh economic
impacts of recent natural disaster events without an exorbitant rates hike.

Total operating revenue will be sourced from rates and utility charges ($44.3m),
operational grants and subsidies ($21.5m), fees and charges ($27m) and other
revenue ($3.9m) leaving an operational deficit of around $25.7 million.

Capital funding sources will include new loans of $9.6 million, funded
Depreciation of around $20 million, Subsidies, Grants and Developer
Contributions of $65.6 million, other Capital Revenue of $2.4 million and
appropriations from reserves of $14.5 million.

Mayor Ray Brown said Western Downs Regional Council has had to make some tough
decisions to keep this year's general rates rise to a minimum, whilst at the
same time making further moves towards rating parity and the removal of the
significant variances in rating which still apply across the region.

However, with the rise in general rates, a rise of three per cent in waste
management, water and sewerage charges and growth in the number of rateable and
serviced properties, revenue from all rates and charges is expected to increase
by 7.5 per cent on last year's budget.

"With our region still recovering from the significant impact of the natural
disasters of late 2010 and early 2011, this year's budget process has been a
difficult one," Cr Brown said.

It is the last budget before the local government elections next year and Cr
Brown is excited about the key initiatives and the 205 new capital projects
Council has planned for this financial year.

"We have taken a strategic approach to the way the next Council will rebuild,
grow and service the Western Downs," he said.

"Our goal is to deliver appropriate levels of service to all communities with
financial sustainability, while tapping into the opportunities for growth
through the burgeoning industries in our region."

Cr Brown said Council is again using a rise in rates by around 10 per cent on
properties associated with the expanding intensive industry, resources and
energy sector, to cushion the impact on ratepayers this year.

"Council was particularly mindful of this in the aftermath of the devastating
flood events which has had a profound effect on the region's economy," Cr Brown
said.

A key challenge for Western Downs Regional Council continues to be its
obligation to achieve rating parity by July 1, 2013.

Depending on the movement in property valuation and the impact of the need to
move towards rating parity, individual properties may receive the three per cent
average increase, some will receive more and some less.

Council presently administers assets with a combined value in excess of $1.4
billion with a current estimated depreciation expense of $46 million, an
increase of $8 million from last year.

The introduction of the State Government's new waste levy will have a
significant impact on the Council's operating costs with the need for
substantial upgrades of its waste disposal facilities to comply with this
legislation.

The new law means Council will be legally obliged, from December 1, to collect
the $35 levy on non-domestic waste disposal on behalf of the State Government.

This will have an impact on waste collection charges for non-domestic customers
from January 1, 2011, and cause a significant drain of general revenue to
develop the higher standard waste disposal facilities.

This financial year, Council has agreed to match the increase to the State
Pensioner Rate Subsidy Scheme offering eligible ratepayers a potential saving of
up to $400 a year.

Cr Brown said despite the challenges, and the unexpected natural disasters,
Council have focused on handing down a back to basics budget.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TDH


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

STUDY FINDS VISIT FLORIDA RESULTS NOT WORTH THE COST

BYLINE: MICHAEL LAFAIV, MICHAEL HICKS

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 778 words


Florida legislators are expected to take up a bill today to reduce corporate and
industrial welfare in the Sunshine State, including Visit Florida, the state's
tourism marketing arm. Some believe cutting tourism marketing subsidies will
hurt the state's entire economy. Our evidence shows it will hurt neither the
economy nor the tourism industry.

Our 2016 study, "An Analysis of State Tourism Promotion Funding," examined the
economic impact of state promotional efforts in 48 states, including Florida. We
examined economic activity and incomes of employees in the three sectors of the
economy most likely to benefit from state marketing efforts. These were the
accommodations industry (hotels and motels); amusement and recreation; and arts
and entertainment.

We found that when a state spent $1 million in taxpayer funds to promote itself,
its accommodations industry saw its economic activity go up by $20,000. That's
no typo. It's not $200,000 or $2 million, nor does it refer to the total taxes
that flow to state treasuries as a result of the promotional efforts. We also
found that such work does not translate into higher incomes for industry
employees. When you compare the outlay with the increase in economic activity,
it's clear that state subsidies for tourism promotion produce huge negative
returns on investment.

The meager benefit enjoyed by the accommodations industry was the most positive
impact we found in our analysis. We found no impact on economic activity or
income in the amusement and recreation sector. Due to limits in the data, we
were unable to measure economic activity in arts and entertainment. We did,
however, find that a state spending increase of $1 million led to a total
increase in income of $35,000 in the arts and entertainment sector, shared by
all those who worked in it.

Our statistical model was built only after a thorough review of existing
academic literature. The methodology and 39 years of data we use for 48 states
is explained and publicly available. Not every tourism-related study can make
the same claims. Our model controls for effects that might impact tourism such
as weather (including the amount of sunshine), distance to water and elevation
in a state and changes in the economy. Our work can be replicated by any earnest
scholar. These qualities are the hallmarks of sound scholarship.

A recent column in the Tampa Bay Times in defense of Visit Florida spending by
Jonathan Tisch, chairman and CEO of Loews Hotels, warned of grave consequences
for cutting tourism promotion spending. He cited evidence from consultant
Longwoods International, which claimed that travel for leisure in Colorado
dropped 30 percent after tourism funding was eliminated there. There are several
problems with this assertion.

No one knows exactly how their claims are derived. Longwoods itself has bragged
on its website about its ability to help tourism agencies engage in "budget
justification," and pointed to Colorado as an example. We used public data and
updated our model to examine Colorado's experience more closely. We added a
variable to measure any impact on the accommodations industry from Colorado's
suspension of tourism promotion between 1993 and 2000. We found none.

We aren't the only scholars to examine possible economic impacts from state
promotion spending. A 2010 paper in the Journal of Travel Research authored by
Matt Seevers and John Deskins and titled "Are State Expenditures to Promote
Tourism Effective?" found that such spending can have a positive impact but it
depends on initial levels of expenditures.

The state of Florida's publicly financed spending level was relatively high in
2003 when the Seevers and Deskins data set ends, and spending has recently leapt
from a reported $54 million in fiscal 2012 to $76 million this fiscal year. The
Seevers and Deskins paper concludes that "for states with very high levels of
initial tourism expenditures, employment can decline following increased tourism
promotion spending funded through own-source revenues."

Translation: Visit Florida may hurt employment growth.

Visit Florida takes money from millions of Floridians and gives it to a lucky
few. That's unfair, but the scholarly evidence also suggests that it is
ineffective for creating jobs and wealth overall.

Michael LaFaive is director of the Morey Fiscal Policy Initiative with the
Midland, Mich.-based Mackinac Center for Public Policy, a nonprofit conservative
think tank that advocates free-market policies. Michael Hicks is director of the
Center for Business and Economic Research and professor of economics at Ball
State University. He is also an adjunct scholar with the Mackinac Center.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2017 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Weekend Australian

                            October 7, 2006 Saturday
                           All-round Country Edition

STATE OF THE NATION - THE VIEW FROM THE AUSTRALIAN'S POLITICAL WRITERS

BYLINE: Rick Wallace, Imre Salusinszky, Michelle Wiese Bockmann, Ashleigh
Wilson, Matthew Denholm

SECTION: FEATURES; State of the Nation Editor; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 2437  words


Bracks diverts power from the people

VICTORIA

Rick Wallace

MISSING from the deluge of more than 300 reports tabled in this last week of
parliament before the state election were two key documents the Bracks
Government has chosen to keep secret.

Both would shed important new light on big government election initiatives and
allow voters to make a clearer assessment of them, but it appears that for
political reasons they will be kept under wraps.

The first report concerns the economic impact of the Government's wind farms
policy and calculates the effect on the average power bill.

The Labor Government recently announced rules forcing retailers to buy 10 per
cent of their power from renewable sources.

The change will bring many new wind farms to regional Victoria and has created a
key point of difference between the two main parties in the lead-up to the
November 25 state poll.

The Opposition under Liberal leader Ted Baillieu effectively opposes wind farms,
saying they divide communities, and condemns the Bracks Government's subsidy
that the mandated 10 per cent renewable-energy target provides for them.

Community views on wind farms differ widely. Wind farms are welcomed in
communities where jobs and money are scarce, while the not-in-my-back-yard
attitude is more prevalent in regions where more of the properties are coastal
weekenders for the wealthy.

But the one thing almost all voters are interested in is the increase in their
power bills that the Government's renewable-energy target policy will produce.

Wind power is about twice as costly to produce as coal power and the Government
acknowledges retailers will pass on the costs to the consumer.

Premier Steve Bracks and his ministers claim the increase will be just $10 on
the average annual power bill, but they refuse to release the research that
underpins this claim. The Opposition claims the increase will be more like $80 a
year, but without seeing the research both figures are effectively just
unsupported claims of politicians.

Voters don't know if the Government's estimate is part of a range -- say,
between $10 and $30 a year -- and the Opposition has had to produce its figure
without the detail required for precise calculation.

It's believed that the Victorian Competition and Efficiency Commission and
consultants McLennan Magasanik have researched this topic for the Government,
but neither's work has been released and you can bet the Government has plucked
its figure from the most favourable of the two assessments.

Without seeing this research, voters cannot assess the credibility of these
estimates and will not know if there are otherunforeseen economic consequences
of the policy.

The other report is the feasibility study into a landmark $1 billion scheme to
pipe Melbourne's treated sewage to the Latrobe Valley to cool the region's huge
coal-fired power stations.

The venture has the potential to boost Melbourne's water supply by 20 per cent
and cut sewage outfalls at Gunnamatta Beach by 85 per cent. The Australian
recently revealed that the feasibility study had been broadly supportive of the
proposal, but without seeing the detail voters don't know if there are any
caveats or unforeseen costs, which might reshape their opinion of the venture.

Sitting on information such as this allows the Government to keep the debate
within its own parameters.

It also means voters don't find out the whole truth until the decisions are
made.

The oft-heard excuse of maintaining commercial confidences wears thin when, as
in the case of the renewable-energy target, the Government is perfectly happy to
publicise a favourable element of the report while keeping the bulk of it
secret.

The belief seems to be that voters, like mushrooms, function best when they are
kept in the dark and fed manure.


OHS gives Coalition an attack point

NSW

Imre Salusinszky

IF the roll-out of Work Choices-related stunts by NSW Premier Morris Iemma and
Industrial Relations Minister John Della Bosca is any guide, both men remain
firmly of the view that the Howard Government's workplace changes will be a
winner for them at the state election next March.

Last week, Della Bosca produced a line-up of photogenic young people to help him
announce new regulations that will shelter workers aged under 18 from the
federal Government's abolition of unfair dismissal laws for small and medium
businesses.

Also present was a council worker -- suitably attired, right down to the yellow
hard hat and fluorescent waistcoat -- to help Della Bosca highlight his
protection of this non-endangered species' sick-leave entitlements from the evil
threat of WorkChoices.

All within the rules and perfectly good fun, except that it is becoming
increasingly apparent the NSW Labor Government has its own achilles heel when it
comes to workplace reform.

NSW has the most draconian workplace safety laws in Australia.

While other jurisdictions impose a reasonable duty of care on employers to
maintain a safe workplace, under NSW law that duty is absolute.

Uniquely, unions in NSW have the right to mount workplace safety prosecutions
and get to pocket half of any fines imposed.

Back in May, Della Bosca announced reforms to occupational health and safety
laws that would bring NSW into line with the other states on duty of care, and
encourage ''enforceable undertakings'' as an alternative to costly and punitive
prosecutions. Business lobbies celebrated.

It now appears that their happy dance was premature. The legislation has got
stuck in the pipeline.

While a spokesman for Della Bosca told Editor this week that it remained ''our
intention'' to introduce the amendments before parliament rises next month, he
could not guarantee it would happen.

Apparently, consultations are continuing with stakeholders.

That clearly does not include ordinary members of the public, whose window for
comment on the reforms slammed shut almost three months ago.

In this case, stakeholders is a euphemism for Unions NSW, which spat the dummy
when it saw Della Bosca's proposed OHS changes. Now, having gone to ground
during the Iemma Government's relentless assault on Work Choices, state
Coalition strategists can sense that the stalled OHS bill may just provide them
with a way back into the workplace debate.

Their hunch is that parliament will rise early -- the final scheduled sitting
week is the last week of November -- and the Government will quietly seek to
make OHS reform go away until after the election.

Business is becoming restive. Kevin MacDonald, head of ABL State Chamber, NSW's
largest business organisation, says he has made it clear to Iemma that
''thepassage of this draft bill is the litmus test for the statement that NSW is
open forbusiness.''

If the Coalition can exploit Della Bosca's stalling on the OHS changes as a way
to debunk Iemma's oft-repeated claim that NSW is, once again, business-friendly,
workplace reform may not turn out to be an unalloyed winner for the Government
afterall.


Beazley weighs into preselection process

SOUTH AUSTRALIA

Michelle Wiese Bockmann

SQUABBLING among ALP factions about preselections means federal Labor candidates
for three must-win marginal seats in South Australia will not be in place until
next year.

Campaigning in Adelaide this week, Opposition Leader Kim Beazley told the ALP's
SA branch he wants ''good community candidates'' to be chosen.

And there's no greater imperative than in the seats of Kingston, Wakefield and
Makin. They are three of the nation's five most marginal Liberal-held seats. All
are outer-suburban, mortgage-belt electorates, the type struggling with high
petrol prices and the rising cost of living.

But although a federal election is tipped within 12 months, Labor's factional
chiefs have yet to complete deals deciding who will stand, and where.

The problem was evident during Beazley's snap visit. There were no local
candidates to promote or to benefit from the media spotlight the visit
generated.

With local and federal elections establishing the value of incumbency, surely
political wisdom should dictate the need to choose candidates and allow them to
build a profile as soon as possible?

ALP state secretary Michael Brown appears in no hurry. He says he would like to
open nominations for preselection ''by the end of the year''. ''Getting good
candidates takes time,'' he adds.

So far only two men -- both ALP factional apparatchiks -- have shown their
hands.

Powerful Left faction leader and hospitality and liquor union secretary Mark
Butler has put his hand up for the safe Labor seat of Port Adelaide, to be
vacated by retiring MP Rod Sawford.

And Labor's Right is to install state ALP president, former union official and
ministerial staffer Nick Champion in the marginal outer-suburban seat of
Wakefield.

Trouble is brewing, however, over whether the Left or Right should choose the
candidate in the outer-southern mortgage-belt seat of Kingston. The Left likes
the look of Vicki Osland, a local government councillor, even though the Right
wants to claim the candidacy as its own.

In the seat of Makin, local mayor of Salisbury Tony Zappia is understood to be
battling to win backing to stand from factional leaders. The factionally
unaligned Zappia stood for Labor in Makin in the 2004 election, losing narrowly
on Family First preferences to incumbent Liberal Trish Draper, who is now
retiring.

The surprise defection of the hard Left faction to the Right on the eve of the
March state election has further complicated the carve-up. Part of the deal is
understood to have included allowing the hard Left-backed Australian
Manufacturing Workers Union to run a candidate for the House of Representatives.
Will it swing behind Zappia?

Then there's the Family First factor. Preferences from the minor Christian
conservative party helped boot out Labor federal MPs in Kingston and Wakefield
in the 2004 election.

Labor successfully negotiated a surprise preference deal with Family First
during the March state election, mostly favouring right-wing candidates and MPs.

Beazley, who heaped effusive praise on the political acumen of the SA Premier
this week, may even care to take a leaf out of Mike Rann's campaign book. Wary
after the state branch's 2004 campaign performance, Rann brought in an outsider
-- Victoria's David Feeney -- who ran his smooth and highly successful campaign.


Out of the loop, Martin goes with the flow

NORTHERN TERRITORY

Ashleigh Wilson

CLARE Martin showed her old form this week, fronting the media and sounding
slightly out of the loop.

When Alice Springs prosecutor Nanette Rogers went public on the ABC's Lateline
in May about violence and abuse in Aboriginal communities, the Northern
Territory Chief Minister appeared to misunderstand what Rogers had said. This
week, asked about the federal Government's contentious discussion paper on
reforming the Aboriginal land permit system, Martin said she hadn't read the
document. Asked about Prime Minister John Howard's rare interview on Darwin
radio earlier that day, the former journalist said she didn't hear what he said.

Howard's interest in NT affairs was prompted by a proposal by Swiss mining giant
Xstrata for the McArthur River Mine near Borroloola, 700km southwest of Darwin.

Xstrata wants to convert the lead and zinc mine from an underground to an
open-cut operation, diverting the McArthur River 5km in the process. The $82
million conversion is opposed by environmentalists and some Aboriginal
traditional owners. The company has warned the 11-year-old mine will close if
the application is rejected. It has paid no royalties and gets subsidies from
the NT.

In February, NT Environment Minister Marion Scrymgour knocked back the proposal
on environmental grounds. Six months later, she said she was satisfied with the
mine's revised plan. The final decision rests with new Mines Minister Chris
Natt.

The Prime Minister intervened last month, writing to the Chief Minister and
urging her Government to approve Xstrata's application. Howard followed up this
week with an interview on Darwin ABC, saying it was in the national interest
that it be approved.

Martin said she hadn't heard the interview, but the Prime Minister was welcome
to make his point. ''I'm sure the Prime Minister very keenly understands ... we
have to make sure the mine is sustainable, we have to look at all the aspects of
mine management.''

Howard's motivation for intervening is unclear. Perhaps it had something to do
with helping out Dave Tollner, the larrikin Country Liberal Party MP for the
marginal Darwin electorate of Solomon. Or perhaps it was, as he said, an issue
that had a ''national connotation''. The Prime Minister's message is plain:
Canberra is watching.


Brethren secrets surface

TASMANIA

Matthew Denholm

A DISAGREEMENT between a fundamentalist Christian pig farmer and a transsexual
soccer star is shaping as a test of the boundaries of political debate.

Exclusive Brethren pig farmer Roger Unwin faces a hearing in the Tasmanian
Anti-Discrimination Tribunal over advertisements he authorised during this
year's state election campaign.

The ads claimed Greens policies seeking rights for transgender people would
''ruin our families and society''. Hobart transsexual Martine Delaney lodged a
complaint with the commission, arguing Unwin's ads breach anti-discrimination
laws by inciting hatred against transgender people.

Unless conciliation heads off a courtroom showdown, the hearings will be a rare
opportunity to shed some light on the Brethren, who shun involvement with the
wider world.

Brethren are no strangers to contention. Although the sect bars members from
voting, they often seek to influence the course of elections through funding
ads, attacking progressive politicians and backing conservatives.

Unwin's defence to Delaney's claim, obtained by Editor, relies in good part on a
defence of free speech. This is curious given the Brethren's reputation for
ruthlessly excluding its own dissenters, sometimes at the cost of family
break-up. Brethren schools tightly control the use of texts and novels.

However, Unwin's defence submission, prepared by a Sydney law firm, argues: ''My
client must have the right to argue against ... policies without fear of
censorship or beinggagged.''

Delaney, 48, is also appealing against the dismissal of a complaint against
Liberal Party ads published during the same campaign. These ads claimed same-sex
marriage was ''socially destructive''.

Liberal state director Damien Mantach confirms meeting members of the Brethren
in the lead-up to the campaign but denies any link between two ad campaigns.
It's quite a coincidence, though, and one that a full hearing on the Unwin
matter may illuminate further.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MATP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 28, 2017 Tuesday

Budget cuts could impact economy beyond UND

BYLINE: Andrew Haffner, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 764 words


March 28--As the largest-single employer in the city of Grand Forks, UND long
has had a significant economic presence in the upper Red River Valley.

In the ongoing process of budget reductions for the university and for North
Dakota's higher education system at large, UND leadership has emphasized the
school's economic weight as reason to preserve state funding. As of now, the
university is anticipating a biennial funding cut of about $32 million over the
2017-19 budget period. What's less clear is how reductions to state funding
might impact other wallets across the city and state.

Keith Lund, vice president of the Grand Forks Region Economic Development
Corporation, said the university touches "nearly every facet" of the local
economy, most clearly due to its student population of more than 14,600 and a
total workforce of about 4,000.

"The next is the talent pipeline," Lund said. "UND is a major contributor to the
regional and city economy due to their contributions to the state's workforce,
and companies don't locate to the state or grow here without talent."

Lund also outlined the university's contributions to industry engagement, as
well as research and development initiatives that could generate dollars while
creating jobs.

Reductions to the budget could have the most immediate economic effect of
cutting local jobs, a scenario he compared to any other company downsizing.
During the round of budget reductions made last year at UND, the university shed
the equivalent of almost 124 full-time workers between layoffs and incentivized
voluntary separations.

Beyond that, Lund said the deeper impact could come through possible disruption
to the talent pipeline if the quality of academic programs or marketability of
students were reduced.

Those primary and secondary effects of budget cuts also could be seen in the
regional universities outside Grand Forks, he said. While reductions to Mayville
State University and Lake Region State College in Devils Lake will make the
largest impact on their local communities, Lund said Grand Forks "isn't an
island" and could feel the loss of other schools' students and workers.

Research dollars

The reach of economic impacts could be carried far beyond the northeast corner
of the state by way of the research carried out by UND employees and students.

Even in the face of state budget uncertainty, Grant McGimpsey, UND's vice
president for research and economic development, said the university's research
funding streams have been following an upward trajectory. Through last year,
McGimpsey said, UND extended more than $100 million in research grant funding,
most of which came from federal agencies.

He said the university projects such research funding carries an economic
multiplier of more than 2-to-1, adding that last year's research dollars are
believed to have contributed more than $210 million in economic boosts to North
Dakota and the wider north-central region of the U.S.

About $80 million of that impact landed in the Grand Forks region, McGimpsey
estimated.

"There's a lot of added benefit to dollars coming in," he said. "Those are
obviously direct dollars that we use to buy things or pay people here at the
university, but then it's the spinoffs from that, the other jobs created in
Grand Forks and a little further in the field."

McGimpsey said about 60 percent of the university's research dollars come from
federal entities, including such agencies as the National Institutes of Health,
the U.S. departments of energy and homeland security and various parts of the
national defense establishment.

The state of North Dakota provides about 15 percent of UND's research funding,
while about 12 percent is contributed by corporate and industrial interests.
McGimpsey said the remainder was likely a combination of foundations and private
giving.

He hoped to see the state continue to fund individual research projects at UND,
adding there's no proportional decrease in the school's research capability
relative to the amount that its budgets are cut. Still, McGimpsey said cuts
"would have effects here and there," though not necessarily impacts that are
visible up front. He was optimistic UND's research capabilities would be able to
bridge much of the gap opened by wider reductions.

"Frankly, if we're very strategic in how we deploy our research resources at the
university, I think we can mitigate a lot of that decrease," he said.

___ (c)2017 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170328-GF-Budget-cuts-could-impact-economy-beyond-UND-0328-20170328

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2017 Grand Forks Herald


                              795 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 6, 2010 Wednesday

County endorses partnership

BYLINE: Meghann Evans, The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 849 words


Oct. 06--DOBSON -- On Monday night the Surry County Board of Commissioners
endorsed a group that had previously asked the board to support designating part
of N.C. 268 as a scenic byway.

The Yadkin Valley Heritage Corridor Partnership -- a regional planning
initiative for Caldwell, Wilkes, Yadkin and Surry counties -- recently asked the
county to endorse the proposed designation of N.C. 268 through Surry County as a
scenic byway. The board of commissioners declined to endorse the proposal,
citing concerns that the designation might prevent the county from having the
road fixed and might affect how surrounding land could be developed.

Helen Ruth Almond with the partnership came before the board on Monday to give a
presentation about the partnership and its purpose. She said she realized that
there had been some questions about the scenic byway designation. To her
knowledge, there would be no restrictions on property owners. The deadline has
already passed, though, for the county to request the N.C. Department of
Transportation to designate the Surry portion of N.C. 268 as a scenic byway.
Almond said she hopes the partnership and the county can maybe submit an
application next year.

Almond explained to the commissioners that the partnership started as a Blue
Ridge National Heritage Area regional collaboration in 2005. The goal is to try
to leverage assets and better package the area when applying for state and
federal tourism.

Almond said, "The vision of the Yadkin Valley Heritage Corridor is a regional
eco- and heritage tourism destination centered by a system of multi-use
greenways, trails and rails with trails linking major historic and cultural
heritage sites, wineries, and communities along the Yadkin River."

She said an important strategy to connect these areas is the scenic byway
designation. The application that has been sent to NCDOT would extend the
designation up to Elkin, with Surry County hopefully jumping on board next year
to request an extension through the rest of the county.

Through an economic impact study conducted in 2007, the partnership found that
$4.165 million to $6.48 million would be brought into the area with the
development of a mature corridor.

"We're interested in helping to develop more opportunities through this effort,"
said Almond. "All of these efforts are really about quality of life in this
four-county region."

The partnership recently received around $290,000 in grant funds to design a
wayfinding and signage system for the corridor, develop a logo and brochure,
conduct a tourism business study and visitor survey, and develop a Web site.

Almond said the group did not want to challenge the efforts of any other local
tourism groups, but serve to better define the Yadkin Valley Region and try to
capitalize off of state and federal funds for scenic byways and other trails and
highways. Commissioner Jim Harrell Jr. pointed out that Almond also has worked
with other tourism groups such as Cascade Highlands.

"I applaud you on the effort," he said.

After Almond answered some of the commissioners' questions, Harrell made a
motion for the board to endorse the partnership and its heritage corridor
efforts.

"We're struggling in the face of the economy ... We have to build on the
successes that we have, and we've got to do that regionally," Harrell remarked.

The board then voted unanimously, with the absence of Commissioner Craig Hunter,
to endorse the partnership. This endorsement did not include the scenic byway.
That is a project the county will look at again next year.

Also during the meeting:

n The commissioners approved applications and resolutions required for Jack
Gardin, water and sewer projects coordinator, to officially apply for Rural
Center funds for the Cody Creek water and sewer project.

n The board approved special funding for four local food banks. Foothills Food
Pantry, Seams Ministry, Tri-County Ministry, and Yokefellow Ministries will each
receive $5,000.

n County Manager Dennis Thompson was authorized to request surveys from county
schools about their energy costs in an effort to find ways to save money next
year.

n Jimmy Nixon of Pine Ridge Road in Mount Airy asked the commissioners if they
had reached a decision regarding a water tower located next to his property.
Nixon claims that the construction of the water tower caused damage to his
property and that the tower's close proximity to his home is a safety hazard.
Board Chairman Paul Johnson said the county attorney had some more information
to present to the board during closed session and that Nixon should be contacted
soon.

Contact Meghann Evans at mevans@mtairynews.com or 719-1952.

To see more of The Mount Airy News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mtairynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Mount Airy News, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101006-NI-County-endorses-partnership-1006-20101006

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2010


                              796 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Skagit Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 19, 2010 Monday

EDITORIAL: Samish River cleanup shows good progress

BYLINE: Skagit Valley Herald, Mount Vernon, Wash.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 563 words


July 19--Those who live in, and draw their livelihoods from, the Samish River
basin seem to have jelled into a community of mutual interest -- cleaning up the
river and the bay it feeds into.

The well-attended meeting last Wednesday in Edison was devoid of the kind of
finger pointing that characterized the beginning of the Clean Samish Initiative
two years ago.

A consensus seems to have formed that all are responsible for the problem and
all are part of the solution.

Substantial progress has been made to date. Many property owners in the lower
Samish Valley have joined community sewage-treatment systems, bringing the
closure of numerous individual septic systems.

Farmers are finding better ways to manage their livestock to keep animal waste
out of the river and the creeks that flow into it. They also have developed a
better understanding of how to apply manure fertilizers so that runoff to the
river is avoided or minimized.

There has been some improvement in water quality downstream and in the waters of
Samish Bay. Even so, there continue to be shellfishing closures -- some 10 weeks
in 2008 and 2009 and two weeks earlier this year.

The economic impact of the closures is not trifling. Samish Bay supports several
oyster farming operations that support scores of jobs that also support
families. Closures can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars in lost sales and
wages.

The families that come to play along our marine and river shores are also at
risk when coliform pollution levels spike.

There had been some concern among Samish River basin residents and farmers that
only certain groups might be singled out for regulatory action. But it should be
clear by now that coliform pollution has many sources, all of which must be
addressed.

The state Department of Ecology has wisely avoided a top-down approach to
overseeing the Clean Samish process. Aside from providing resources and support,
the agency has left it to the stakeholder groups closest to the problem to work
together.

In fact, all the organizations involved -- local government, tribes,
conservation groups and others -- have come together to impressive effect.

Skagit County officials learned last March a proposal for a federal grant to
help fund the Clean Samish effort had garnered $941,980 after a highly
competitive process selection process. The grant application likely wouldn't
have impressed the selection panel without the united backing of local
government, conservation interests, farm groups and tribes.

There is much more to be done. But the pathway to success seems much more
clearly mapped than ever before.

Editorials reflect the consensus opinion of the editorial board and are written
by its members: Publisher L. Stedem Wood and newsroom editors Dick Clever and
Colette Weeks. Signed columns reflect the authors' viewpoints.

Read more local news in the Skagit Valley Herald and the Anacortes American, or
read it online in the

To see more of the Skagit Valley Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.goskagit.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Skagit Valley Herald, Mount Vernon,
Wash. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100719-UV-EDITORIAL-Samish-River-cleanup-shows-good-progress-20100719

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UV


                      Copyright 2010 Skagit Valley Herald


                              797 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               Victoria Advocate

                           December 12, 2005, Monday

Cuero, Texas, museum seeking more grant funds

BYLINE: By Sonny Long

LENGTH: 857 words



CUERO -- Plans for a Chisholm Trail Heritage Museum in downtown took another
step toward additional funding recently when the Cuero City Council passed a
resolution supporting a grant application for the project.

Advertisement The grant application, through the Preserve America program, will
be for phases three through seven of the museum project.

According to a letter to the city from Robert Oliver, chair of the museum's
board of trustees, "we are not requesting any financial assistance from the city
... simply a partnership in the grant application."

The museum is being developed to collect and preserve artifacts and memorabilia
relating to Texas' rich ranching history and agricultural past focusing on the
50-year period beginning when local cowboy Crockett Cardwell teamed up with
Thornton Chisholm on a now legendary cattle drive on April 1, 1866.

That first drive, along what would become known as the Chisholm Trail, took more
than seven months to complete. When it ended, 1,800 head of Texas longhorn
cattle were in St. Joseph, Mo. In 2001, the Texas House of Representatives
officially recognized Cuero as a starting point for the Chisholm Trail.

The council has supported the efforts to bring the museum to Cuero since 2002
when it passed a resolution in favor of the project. In 2004, the council
approved a resolution nominating the city for designation as a Preserve America
city. Cuero received that designation the same year.

In his letter Oliver also wrote, "In reviewing the criteria, we feel our best
opportunity for funding is a 'planning' grant. The Preserve America grant is a
50-50 match, and the museum will match these federal funds with our own."

The board is seeking a $ 61,700 Preserve America Historic Preservation Fund
Grant. The board will match the grant funds for a project total of more than $
120,000 for phases three though seven of the master plan. The grant application
deadline is Friday.

Preserve America is a White House initiative developed in cooperation with the
Advisory Council on Historic Preservation, the Department of the Interior and
other federal agencies. First Lady Laura Bush serves as the Honorary Chair of
Preserve America. The National Park Service administers the grant.

When completed, the museum will be housed in the Jewel Lodge in the 300 block of
N. Esplanade Street in Cuero. The Knights of Pythias built the structure in
1903. Designed by San Antonio architect James Warhenberger, the two-story,
10,000-square-foot building features some of the architect's creative use of
brick work in Romanesque Revival style.

Phases I and II of the restoration master plan addressed the restoration of the
wooden windows, door openings, masonry and other improvements located on the
east and south facades. That work is continuing.

The Preserve America grant funds being sought are the latest in a series of
funding efforts by the museum board.

In July the museum project received a $ 35,000 grant from the U.S. Commerce
Department's Economic Development Administration. The grant, in the form of
matching funds, will pay for a feasibility study and economic impact analysis.

The museum is also required to produce a report proving its viability -- that it
can and does have a plan to survive. Once complete, this report will be used to
allocate additional and more substantial federal funding, according to the
letter.

In August, the museum was awarded a matching fund grant in the amount of $ 4,750
by the National Trust for Historic Preservation's regional office in Fort Worth.
Following the support from the National Trust, the Texas Historical Foundation
notified museum organizers in November that a grant in the amount of $ 5,000
would be awarded for architectural planning and construction documents.

Eventually, the museum will feature 5,000 square feet on the first floor of the
building for permanent exhibits and 5,000 square feet on the second floor for
multi-purpose use by the community and to house traveling exhibits, as well as
3,000 square feet, in the form of a two-story addition to the north face of the
building, for restrooms, elevators, and handicapped-accessible entryways,
according to Oliver's letter.

The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and the Texas
Historical Commission has awarded the property a registered Texas Historic
Landmark status.

David Hoffman is the Chisholm Trail Heritage Museum project architect. The
Douglas Group is also involved in project planning.

The Chisholm Trail Heritage Museum is a non-profit endeavor.

For more information, contact the museum at P.O. Box 866, Cuero, Texas 77954.
Oliver may be reached at buckaroo@chisholmtrailmuseum.org.


-----

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2005, Victoria Advocate, Texas

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: VI-MUESUM-FUNDS-20051212

JOURNAL-CODE: VI

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                        Copyright 2005 Victoria Advocate


                              798 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Nonprofit news and notes

BYLINE: Brattleboro Reformer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 754 words


'Summer camp' set for non-profit professionals

BRATTLEBORO &GT;&GT; The third annual Nonprofit Management Summer Camp is a
retreat for nonprofit professionals in southern Vermont.

Participants have the opportunity to take two workshops focused on the
competencies of their choice. Workshops are tool-based, out-of-your-seat
sessions, that encourage participation, connection, and fun.

Summer Camp is an inexpensive way to receive the training you need in an amount
of time you can work with. There will be two two-hour sessions, one in the
morning and one in the early afternoon, interlaced with networking, fun events
and lunch.

This year's workshops include: Using LinkedIn to promote your personal brand
with Kate Paine; time management with Claire Wheeler; the role of trust and
shared leadership for collective impact with Jodi Clark; clarifying your top
values and life vision with Travis Hellstrom; storytelling and presentation
skills with Hillary Boon; and what I wish I'd known: planning the best Giving
Tuesday yet with Debra Askanase.

This year's Summer Camp is on Friday, July 29, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at the
Marlboro Graduate Center, 28 Vernon St. To register for Summer Camp, visit
http://bit.ly/CNLSummerCamp or contact Assistant Director Hillary Orsini with
questions at CNL@marlboro.edu.Local organizations receive USDA grants

BRATTLEBORO &GT;&GT; The Strolling of the Heifers and the Putney Community
Center were recently notified that they are receiving funds from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture as part of $8 million in direct loan, guaranteed loan
and grant funding to 19 essential community anchor organizations in Vermont.

"These loans and grants will help towns and non-profit organizations provide
essential community services, including emergency medical services, education,
and public works," said Vermont and New Hampshire USDA Rural Development State
Director Ted Brady. "The investments vary from multi-million dollar modern wood
heat systems to a few thousand dollars to help a small library install new
insulation. The essential community facilities receiving funding this year will
help make rural Vermont a safer, more sustainable and more vibrant place to live
and work."

The Strolling of the Heifers received a $4,800 Strategic Economic and Community
Development grant and a $12,200 Economic Impact Initiative grant to outfit a
training kitchen. The Putney Community Center received a $31,000 loan to
insulate its building.

"These grants and loans are critical to our rural communities, which may not
otherwise be able to fund projects that are so vital to their residents," said
U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy, D-Vt. "In Poultney, the public library will undergo
a much-needed expansion that will include new space dedicated for teenagers. In
Richford, ambulances will be equipped with the latest in life-saving technology,
while Brighton will be able to purchase a much-needed dump truck. These are just
a few examples of how this program meets community needs. I commend USDA Rural
Development and all of the partners involved, and I pledge to do all that I can
in Washington to ensure continued support for these efforts."

"So far this year, the USDA Rural Development Community Facilities Loan and
Grant program has awarded $8 million to strengthen rural communities throughout
Vermont by helping improve assisted living facilities, libraries, schools and
other public facilities," said U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.). "At a time
when many families throughout Vermont struggle to make ends meet, these loans
and grants provide an economic stimulus to local economies and help improve the
quality of life for Vermonters."Spring and summer events at the Vernon Free
Library

VERNON &GT;&GT; The Vernon Free Library is busy planning spring and summer
events, including the first annual plant swap and sale on June 4 from 9 a.m to
noon, and the summer reading program for children and adults. Regular programs
include basic computer classes, knitting group, reading group and rhyme time,
with additional events anticipated.

A fund-raising committee has recently been formed. Committee members will plan
events that will further enrich the Vernon community.

The Vernon Free Library served 1,200-plus registered patrons (46 percent of
Vernon's residents) in 2015. There were 10,588 items borrowed from a collection
of approximately 17,600 print items (books, magazines, ect.), 664 DVDs, 361
audio books and access through ListenUp VT to another 6,000 downloadable audio
books and 4,000 e-books.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              May 20, 2012 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LOCAL NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: LOCAL; Local News Briefs; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 470 words


Stretch of Aurora Expressway one lane in both directions

Bridge maintenance on the Aurora Expressway gets under way this week.

Route 400 between Routes 20A and 16 will be reduced to one lane in each
direction starting Monday and continuing through the remainder of the
construction season, according to the state Department of Transportation.

Motorists are reminded that fines are doubled for speeding in a work zone.

Convictions of two or more speeding violations in a work zone could result in
the suspension of an individual's driver's license.

***

Arts and cultural funding to be discussed during event

What the new process should be for Erie County's funding of arts and culture
will be discussed at noon Monday at Cornell University ILR School, 237 Main St.,
Suite 1200.

Speakers will be Maria Whyte, county commissioner of environment and planning;
Laurie Dean Torrell, executive director of Just Buffalo Literary Center; Cynnie
Gasch, executive director of Young Audiences of WNY; Rahwa Ghirmatzion,
executive director of Ujima Theatre; and Todd Kniazuk, executive director of
Arts Services Initiative of WNY.

The free forum is presented by Partnership for the Public Good. Guests are
invited to bring a brown bag lunch. To reserve a seat, call Megan at 852-4191,
Ext. 110, or email megan@ppgbbuffalo.org

***

Jamaican organization plans convention July 12-14

The National Association of Jamaican and Supportive Organizations will hold its
35th annual convention at the Adam's Mark in Buffalo from July 12 to 14.

About 200 members from the United States, Canada and the Caribbean will attend
the convention, with an estimated economic impact of $250,000.

The convention will focus on how members around the world can do business in
Buffalo through the creation of health care and educational exchanges, while
strengthening Jamaican cultural and travel ties.

Buffalo is one of 18 sister cities to St. Ann's Parish, Jamaica. The
organization has 102 chapters, and the local branch has about 70 members.

***

Loans, grants being offered by Buffalo branch of AAUW

June 1 is the next deadline for students living in or attending college in
Western New York to apply for interest-free loans and/or grants of up to $3,000
offered by Buffalo Branch, American Association of University Women.

Applicants must have completed one year of college and show financial need.
Information and application forms are available at www.aauw.buffalo.edu or by
calling 559-3037 or emailing chamberlinfund@yahoo.com

Loans and grants are awarded twice a year and students may reapply annually for
up to four years.

Funds for the Chamberlin Loan/Funds for Education program are provided by
members' bequests, private donations and proceeds of the AAUW annual scholarship
book sale being held this year from May 30 to June 3 at 2309 Eggert Road, Town
of Tonawanda.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             April 17, 2011 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

GUEST COLUMN;
Unique fund helps government work

BYLINE: Milton Little, Alicia Philipp; For the AJC

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 23A

LENGTH: 695 words


The U.S. Congress and taxpayers agree: Status quo government programs are not
sustainable. Yet our federal policymakers are poised to eliminate one initiative
that promises to be a game changer: the Social Innovation Fund.

Established in April 2009, the SIF was designed to more effectively tackle some
of our nation's most entrenched challenges, such as high school dropout rates,
inadequate access to health care and school preparedness among young children.

By developing a new role for government as a catalyst for public-private
partnerships, the SIF enables investment in proven solutions, harnessing the
expertise and resources of the private and philanthropic sectors. This allows
both sectors to collaborate in solving seemingly intractable problems in a
manner that can be replicated in communities across the country.

The innovative partnership between government and the philanthropic community
created in the SIF not only allows for a competitive and highly accountable
process, it provides a 3:1 match for every government dollar, enabling taxpayers
to see a leveraged return on their investment.

At a time when government at all levels --- local, city and federal --- is
trying to do more with less, we must continue to look for innovative ways to
foster cross-sector collaboration. Government can't do all the work alone, and
neither can nonprofits nor the business community. The SIF creates a venue
through which the expertise and resources of each of these sectors can be
brought together.

Amid our country's economic uncertainty and the pending congressional budget
decisions that stand to have a widespread impact on Americans, we should utilize
every tool available to ensure that taxpayer and charitable dollars are used
effectively and efficiently. The SIF is just the tool to change the conversation
about the appropriate role for government in addressing many of our country's
social challenges.

In many communities, investments made possible by the SIF will have real
economic impact. For example, AIDS United, one of the inaugural SIF
intermediaries, recently made grants available to 10 sub-grantees, including the
Atlanta AIDS Partnership, to develop community-driven, collaborative programs
that improve individual health outcomes and strengthen local services. The
Atlanta AIDS Partnership's grant from AIDS United will support the integration
of HIV care into primary health care settings in Atlanta's most affected
communities. Atlanta has some of the best HIV care in the country, but issues
such as stigma around visiting an AIDS service organization and transportation
problems prevent people living with HIV/AIDS from getting the care they need.
This grant support will increase the capacity of select free/reduced clinics and
federally qualified health care centers to provide high-quality HIV care in
primary care settings near people's homes.

All of the AIDS United supported programs across the country will help connect
thousands of low-income individuals living with HIV to high-quality supportive
services and HIV-specific health care. In addition, these community
collaborations will help streamline our health care delivery systems to be more
efficient, effective and patient-centered. With these grants, AIDS United has
affirmed its commitment to the idea that quality treatment is extremely
effective in preventing the transmission of HIV, which in turn has the
opportunity to save taxpayers millions of dollars.

Across issue areas such as education, health care and youth development, SIF
funds are making possible better outcomes at lower costs. This approach is right
not just for our federal government, but for our states and local communities.

Public-private partnerships like those created by the SIF can move America
further than any one sector alone. As the economy continues to create pressure
on service delivery systems to do more with less, the Social Innovation Fund may
be the first step to redefining how government can work --- if Congress would
just give it some time.

Milton Little is CEO of United Way of Metropolitan Atlanta. Alicia Philipp is
executive director of the Community Foundation for Greater Atlanta.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2011 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              801 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 12, 2012 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Institute's Gas Drilling Report Leads to Claims of Bias and Concern for a
University's Image

BYLINE: By MIREYA NAVARRO

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1154 words


A report from a new institute at the State University at Buffalo asserting that
state oversight has made natural gas drilling safer is causing tumult on campus
and beyond, with critics arguing that the institute is biased toward industry
and could undercut the university's reputation.

The study, issued on May 15, said that state regulation in Pennsylvania had made
drilling there far safer and that New York rules were even more likely to ensure
safety once drilling gets under way in the state.

But a government watchdog group quickly raised questions about the study's data
and the authors' ties to the oil and gas industry. And a newly formed group of
professors and students is calling for a broader inquiry into the genesis of the
institute, which issued the report only weeks after its creation was announced
in April.

''This report reflects the interests of the gas companies, not scholarship,''
said Jim Holstun, a professor of English and one of around 20 members of the
newly formed University at Buffalo Coalition for Leading Ethically in Academic
Research, which met for the first time Wednesday night. ''We look very bad.''

The controversy at the university, a major research center with the biggest
enrollment in the State University of New York system with 28,600 students, taps
into widespread concerns in academia about the growing influence of corporate
money in research as government grants decline. The drilling research arm, the
Shale Resources and Society Institute, is seeking to raise $1.14 million in
start-up money over the next three years from the oil and gas industry and other
sources, according to the university and the institute's Web site.

University officials, who say they will respond to the criticisms raised, said
their goal in founding the institute was to bring academic rigor to the
hot-button issue of horizontal hydraulic fracturing, or hydrofracking, which
involves pumping large volumes of chemicals and water into shale under high
pressure to extract gas.

The drilling process has roiled communities in Pennsylvania since it began in
full there in 2008, with many residents complaining about air pollution and
threats to groundwater aquifers. It has also proved divisive in New York, where
the administration of Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo is finalizing proposed regulations to
allow drilling upstate.

E. Bruce Pitman, dean of the College of Arts and Sciences at the University at
Buffalo, said in an interview that the idea for the institute came out of a
series of seminars on hydrofracking issues held by the geology department last
year that pointed up the need for a forum ''for the exchange of ideas and
debate.'' The institute as a whole has yet to receive financial support from the
industry, Dr. Pitman said, and its start-up budget -- about $40,000 -- came from
the college's discretionary funds.

In their report, the shale institute's researchers said they examined violations
by Marcellus Shale drillers in Pennsylvania from January 2008 to August 2011. It
said that the incidence of major ''polluting environmental events'' related to
hydrofracking -- like contamination of local water supplies and spills --
declined by more than half in three years, ''a rather notable indicator of
improvement by the industry and oversight by the regulators.''

The report added that under New York's proposed rules, which are more stringent,
any problems ''could have been either entirely avoided or mitigated.''

But in a searing critique issued nine days later, the Public Accountability
Initiative, a local watchdog group, questioned the study's claims, saying the
rate of major violations had actually gone up. The group also took some of the
authors to task for copying entire passages from a report they wrote last year
for the conservative Manhattan Institute, without proper attribution.

''What happens is that the first study gets published, and that study is cited
by other studies that come out,'' said Kevin Connor, the co-director of the
Public Accountability Initiative. ''U.B. just put its label on it.''

He said the material gained the stature of academic research once released by
the University at Buffalo. A university news release accompanying the report
even described it as ''peer-reviewed'' -- words that were later retracted by the
university.

The authors' ties to the oil and gas industry also were not fully disclosed,
said the accountability group, which focuses on corporate and government
corruption. The two lead authors, Timothy J. Considine, an economist at the
University of Wyoming, and Robert W. Watson, an associate professor emeritus of
engineering at Pennsylvania State University, conduct research for industry.

Neither Dr. Considine nor Dr. Watson returned calls or responded to e-mails. The
third author, the shale institute's co-director, John P. Martin, who does
planning and public relations work for the industry through JPMartin Energy
Strategy in Saratoga Springs, declined to be interviewed through a University at
Buffalo spokesman.

The fourth author was Dr. Considine's son Nicholas, identified in the report as
being affiliated with the University of Wyoming's Center for Energy Economics
and Public Policy, which is led by his father.

The Marcellus Shale Coalition, a trade group of oil and gas companies, finances
studies by Dr. Considine and Dr. Watson on the economic impacts of natural gas
development.

Kathryn Klaber, the coalition's president, said that the researchers were chosen
because of their experience, and that the purpose of the research was to advance
the ''technological and economic understanding that's going to get us to the
next level in shale gas development.''

Like other industries, oil and gas companies routinely support energy, geology
and engineering research to harness scientific expertise, to advance technology
and to groom a work force they can draw from in the future. Consulting work by
researchers is also common.

Energy programs like the School of Energy Resources where Dr. Considine teaches
at the University of Wyoming show the logos of partnering oil and gas companies
on their Web sites. So does a different SUNY shale research institute, founded
in 2009 on the Fredonia campus and led by Gary Lash, another prominent
researcher with his own consulting firm.

''When a corporation gives you a gift, you want to say thank you,'' said Michael
R. Barone, a spokesman for SUNY Fredonia.

Some experts on the ethics of research say that only peer-reviewed research
published in independent journals should be taken seriously. Any corporate ties,
they add, must be fully disclosed.

''The thing that's really hanging over all this is that when companies fund
research, the companies attempt to borrow the prestige of the university,'' said
Thomas O. McGarity, a law professor at the University of Texas at Austin and a
board member at the Center for Progressive Reform. ''Universities have to be
absolutely transparent.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Jim Holstun, of the University at Buffalo Coalition for Leading
Ethically in Academic Research, said a study on hydraulic fracturing ''reflects
the interests of the gas companies, not scholarship.'' (PHOTOGRAPH BY BRENDAN
BANNON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              802 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 21, 2014 Friday

Treece family proposal to privatize Toledo airport getting a hearing by council
committee

BYLINE: Tom Troy, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 832 words


March 21--Though a proposal by the Treece family of Sylvania Township to
privatize Toledo Express Airport has received no public support from Toledo City
Council or Mayor D. Michael Collins, the idea is going to be given a hearing by
council's economic development committee.

Councilman Rob Ludeman, the committee chairman, confirmed today that he is
organizing an economic development committee meeting "regarding general
discussion of the feasibility of selling the airport," according to an email
from his office to the Treece family lawyer, Jerry Parker, and Paul Toth,
president and chief executive officer of the Toledo-Lucas County Port Authority.

Dock Treece, president of Treece Investment Advisory Corp., and his two sons,
Dock David Treece, 27,and Benjamin Treece, 25, have proposed a lease-purchase of
the airport with the option to buy airport land and run it on a for-profit
basis. They contend the airport is not being aggressively managed and have said
they would bring more businesses, such as jet repair facilities, and sell off
airport land to generate more economic activity.

Mr. Ludeman's office proposed a hearing in council chambers between April 28 and
May 9.

The Treece plan received some interest from former Mayor Mike Bell, but has been
given no encouragement by Mr. Collins, who took over on Jan.2.

The airport is leased for $1 a year to the Toledo-Lucas County Port Authority,
which takes total responsibility for the facility in Swanton Township. In recent
years, the airport has run a deficit because of the steep decline in the air
freight business. This year, the airport reported an increase in passenger
traffic for the first time in a decade.

Mr. Ludeman said he is not aware of any initiatives planned either by the mayor
or by any members of council to seek bids or proposals to put the city's airport
up for sale.

Asked why, then, he would devote council members' time to the proposal, he said
that because it has been discussed in the news, council should get some
information.

"I don't think council would take that initiative, but I think it's been
newsworthy enough, and I've had conversations with the Treeces and Jerry Parker,
who represents them, that I think it's worth council having an educational
hearing," Mr. Ludeman said.

He said if the city did think there was a need to privatize the airport, it
would be conducted through a national request for proposals.

The Treece proposal has attracted no significant business or political backing,
and some national aviation experts have said that airport privatization is a
complicated idea. The sale of airport land would be scrutinized by the Federal
Aviation Administration, which would likely require repayment of millions of
dollars in grants that have been provided over the years to develop and
modernize the airport.

Additionally, the Toledo Regional Chamber of Commerce has warned about giving
undue credibility to the proposal because of a message of "instability" it could
send to the Department of Defense, which funds the 180th Fighter Wing of the
Ohio Air National Guard at the airport. That military installation has been
calculated to have an annual local economic impact of $198 million.

Jerry Chabler, chairman of the port board's airport committee, said the Treeces
are not experienced in airport management and are more interested in developing
real estate, as suggested by the fact that Mr. Parker is best known locally as a
real estate lawyer.

"That should give city council a clue what their real interest is. I think it'll
be an exercise in futility once the councilmen hear about it," Mr. Chabler said.
"We've asked for their business plan now for six months. They kept promising it
and they never produced it. It's city council's decision because they own the
property. I think it would be an unwise decision."

The Treeces vowed in 2013 to disclose a detailed business plan for taking over
operations of Toledo Express Airport early in 2014, but said in January that
they would not do so. At the time, Dock David Treece said the plan "will remain
private until we know what subsequent steps will be taken by the City of
Toledo."

Contacted today by The Blade, both Dock Treece and Dock David Treece refused to
comment. The elder Treece said the family would not respond to questions from
The Blade until they get an apology from The Blade for comments by Blade
columnist Keith Burris about them and their capability of running the airport.

In December, the Treeces created a Web site, www.toledoairports.com, that
contains information about their businesses. The Treeces say they own an
aircraft leasing company and the elder Treece is a licensed pilot. They
published on their Web site a marketability study suggesting ways they believe
the airport could be better commercialized.

Contact Tom Troy: tomtroy@theblade.com or 419--724-6058 or an Twitter @TomFTroy.

___ (c)2014 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140321-TO-Treece-family-proposal-to-privatize-Toledo-airport-getting-a-hearing
-by-council-committee-0321-20140321

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2014 The Blade


                              803 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

The Santa Fe New Mexican Bruce Krasnow column

BYLINE: Bruce Krasnow, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 662 words


Feb. 11--The tangible results of New Mexico's MainStreet program are evident all
over the state.

Some of the projects that have benefited from the historic preservation
initiatives of New Mexico MainStreet include the Hotel Clovis, the Luna Theater
in Clayton, the Silco Theater in Silver City, the Trail Boss monument in
Artesia, the Farmers Market in Carlsbad and Tucumcari's railroad depot.

A subsidiary of the National Trust for Historic Preservation, New Mexico
MainStreet was created in 1984 by the Legislature to assist -- with expertise
and grant money -- with the revitalization of traditional commercial districts.
The task has been especially daunting as the three interstate highways that
cross New Mexico have moved development and sprawl to the fringes of many towns.

There are 27 MainStreet programs throughout New Mexico and since its inception,
$1 billion has been invested in the commercial districts for restoration and
development.

But often missed from the effort is the economic activity that happens after the
construction is completed. The increased foot traffic, the new businesses and
entrepreneurial energy that flows from the renovations.

Now the program has tried to document that with an economic-impact report
released last week by Donovan D. Rypkema, principal of PlaceEconomics, a
Washington, D.C.-based real estate and economic development firm. By surveying
all the projects and tracking construction and spending data, Rypkema was able
to conclude that the program is partly responsible for expanding the jobs base
in many of the small communities.

"There's significantly greater job creation in restoration than new
construction," he said during presentation to MainStreet program managers from
around the state Feb. 5. "And these are not jobs that can be shipped to
Indonesia next month, they have to stay in New Mexico."

Highlights of the findings include:

u Since the beginning of the program in 1986, for every $1 the state of New
Mexico invested in the MainStreet program, MainStreet districts saw private
sector investment of $21.89 in building rehabilitation and $22.55 in new
construction.

u Since 1986 through July of 2013, New Mexico MainStreet communities saw a gain
of 3,200 new businesses and nearly 11,300 new jobs.

u The projects annually have generated an average of 430 jobs and $11 million in
payroll since the program began.

u The private sector investment in the renovation districts bring in an
additional $5.1 million in tax revenue each year.

One key to the success of the program is that other business owners feel more
confident and secure opening in areas where there is investment and renovation
-- and this has a multiplying effect. "There is an extraordinary difference in
businesses having confidence [compared with the national average] to open on
your MainStreet" Rypkema told program managers last week.

In a statement released about the study, Economic Development Secretary Jon
Barela said, "We have always known the New Mexico MainStreet is a first-class
program that has paid tremendous dividends to New Mexico's economy and now we
have the hard data that presents the case. The report shows that New Mexico
taxpayers are seeing a return on their investments and business and local
governments benefit greatly from that investment."

Still, Rypkema said there is more that can be done to leverage the expertise and
investment from the program. He said there can be a greater emphasis on downtown
housing -- especially rental units for those who value downtown amenities and
arts and culture.

He also said there can be closer ties to the Department of Tourism, which can
more effectively market the values and cultures of the smaller New Mexico
communities to those who value historic preservation.

Contact Bruce Krasnow at brucek@sfnewmexican.com

___ (c)2014 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140211-SF-The-Santa-Fe-New-Mexican-Bruce-Krasnow-column-0211-20140211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2014 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              804 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           November 3, 1988 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

ARTS ON THE MOVE DESPITE LACK OF FUNDING;
WESTERN AUSTRALIA

BYLINE: STEVEN LOXLEY

SECTION: SPECIAL SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1452 words


WESTERN Australia has 9 per cent of the population but receives only 4 per cent
of Federal Government funding for the arts through the Australia Council

Missing also is a recognition of the achievements of WA artists. The State
Government has now become the major contributor to the arts in WA.

Although the mendicant mentality is still evident, there is clear evidence that
the arts industry is keen to help itself. There are opportunities for mutual
benefit between the arts and the corporate sector but an effective relationship
calls for more sophistication and sensitivity by both parties.

WA has a unique geographic relationship with the rest of the country and the
rest of the world and has shown considerable vision, ingenuity and capacity for
risk taking in business and commerce.

Now graduating from WA tertiary institutions are young people technically well
trained in the craft skills of the performing and visual arts who have talent,
energy, commitment and the guts to give it a go.

The past three years have seen real growth in the infrastructure to nurture
creativity among young people and standards of excellence among established
artists.

There are greater opportunities than ever before for people to participate in a
diverse range of arts activities as consumers and creators.

Attention has been paid, too, to developing management and marketing skills
although in this area there is still much more to be done. The next few years
should see the fruits of these investments.

It could be said that one of the best things the arts have going for them is a
premier and a deputy premier who are both genuinely interested in them.

Unlike their predecessors, Messrs Brian Burke and Malcolm Bryce, one is just as
likely to see Messrs Peter Dowding and David Parker at an opera, a dance
programme or an art gallery as to see them unveiling pantheons of sports heroes
or cutting ribbons on public projects.

In the Burke Government, Mr Parker was Minister for the Arts.

"I'd have the portfolio back tomorrow if I had the time," he said. As a senior
minister, he combined the portfolios of Minerals and Energy with Arts, but in
the Dowding Administration the arts have been given to a junior minister, Mrs
Yvonne Henderson.

The portfolio is a difficult one and most governments under-estimate the
ministerial expertise needed to make a success of it and fail to recognise the
economic impact the arts have.

But while Mr Parker had good advisers with experience in the arts industry, Mrs
Henderson has yet to attract such expertise to her office.

A number of the initiatives triggered by Mr Parker continue to develop under Mrs
Henderson. A ministerial department has replaced the arts council.

The new department has defined its role with difficulty. The arrival of Ms
Andrea Hull as head of department on October 31 should add stability and
direction.

Ms Hull is one of the most experienced and respected arts policymakers in the
country and comes with 16 years' experience with the Australia Council. She has
yet to prove herself in administration.

The cultural portfolio budget (which includes libraries, museums and art
galleries) has been increased from $44 million to $48 million, an increase of 9
per cent, which represents an annual subsidy of $32 a head.

At a time when other State Governments are cutting back, there are more new
initiatives and more new facilities funded here than elsewhere - and WA is the
only State Government to provide triennial funding for its major companies.

Minister Henderson said direct funding was not the only, nor perhaps the best,
way to support the arts.

With the unifying theme of making the arts more accessible for Western
Australians, there is a regional cultural support programme for country people
and a five-year Aboriginal cultural support programme aimed at guaranteeing the
permanent establishment of Aboriginal culture in the State.

The Perth Institute of Contempory Art is a new initiative with an establishment
grant of $110,000 and a two-year capital works programme of$800,000.

A director, Mr Noel Sheridan, comes to the position next January from the
Experimental Arts Foundation in Adelaide originally and, for the past ten years,
as head of the National College of Art and Design in Dublin.

The Fremantle Customs House has been acquired to provide studio workspace on a
par with the Hobart waterfront studios but at much less cost. The WA Film
Council's budget has been doubled to $1.1 million.

Significant, too, is the contribution made by the tertiary education
institutions. The WA Academy of Performing Arts, a school of the WA College of
Advanced Education (WA CAE), continues to provide excellent performance training
under the one roof for musicians, dancers, actors, media presenters, theatre
technicians, stage designers and arts administrators. Many of the courses are to
degree level and the current enrolment is 550 students.

The Fremantle Arts Centre and Curtin University have proved effective breeding
grounds for creative writing, film-making, painting and craft work and the
Western Australian CAE has a high-quality print-making programme.

The result is an exciting generation of young literary, performing, visual and
graphic artists working in and around Perth.

Last May, a new board of management took responsibility for the WA Ballet
Company. Leadership had become moribund, vision had stopped at the footlights
and internecine strife had sapped both creative energy and dancer morale. That
is set to change.

There is already a perception that management and artistic policy are travelling
in the same direction and the recent appointment of a new business-oriented
administrator, Mr Rainer Jozeps, will inspire confidence in performers and
supporters.

A major coup is a $300,000 sponsorship deal over three years with Capita.

The WA Opera Company premiered Eureka, commissioned by the Italian community as
a Bicentennial gift and sponsored by the Gwalia Group.

Italian composer Robert Hazon's music was accessible to the first-time listener
yet still challenged the fine company of singers put together on this occasion
to sing a libretto by local writers Carlo Stransky and John Picton-Warlow.

As well as at the rarefied high-brow end, the arts are alive and doing well
closer to earth.

Contemporary dance forms are attracting new and excited audiences with
experimental and challenging work. Much of the drive for this comes from the
staff and graduate students from the WA Academy's Dance Department. Still Moves
is one such company, but the recent "fringe festival", Artrage 88, showed the
inspirational work of Chrissie Parrott.

Deanna Blacher and her Danza Viva Spanish Dance Company showcases a standard of
excellence and provides employment for graduating talent.

Tos Mahony has recently been nationally recognised, and deservedly so, for his
entrepreneurial flair with new music, and David Pye's Nova Ensemble gives
regular, well-attended concerts of modern composers such as Roger Smalley, an
internationally known composer who teaches at the University of Western
Australia.

For the next Festival of Perth, Ms Parrott and Mr Pye will join forces to
produce a commissioned work. It will be staged in Perth's newest and most
exciting outdoor venue, the Quarry Amphitheatre which has the city as a
glittering cyclorama.

This venue resulted from the vision and the effort of the architect Mr Ken
Waldron and the Perth City Ballet Company director, Ms Diana Waldron.

Theatre is the most problematic of the performing arts. The WA Theatre Company
offers an eclectic mixture without a clear artistic unity although it is too
soon to assess the impact of the artistic director, Mr John Sanders, who has
done only one mainhouse production - Tom Stoppard's Rough Crossing.

The Hole in the Wall Theatre, once synonymous with the rough, the new, the
exciting, has become mainstream. Under the sustained artistic directorship of
Raymond Omodei, it has in recent times offered a number of very satisfying
productions from the classic and the contemporary repertoire.

Under its general manager, Mr Bill Mason, there has been an innovative approach
to corporate support and marketing.

Each year, the historic town of York hosts a jazz festival, and alternates a
music and a theatre festival. Accommodation is usually sold out a year in
advance.

The Festival of Perth is always the cultural spring-board for the year.

With the French celebrating the bicentenary of their vainquers de la Bastille,
next year's offerings - from 10 February until 5 March - will showcase French
culture. A highpoint will be the 12 performances of Peter Brook's acclaimed
Carmen, to be seen nowhere else in Australia.

The arts are a flourishing area of Western Australia's state of excitement

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1988 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Memoranda: PA Museum Preservation Act

LENGTH: 512  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following Memoranda updates:

In the near future, Senator Costa and I will be re-introducing legislation to
establish the Pennsylvania Museum Preservation Act.

Co-sponsors from last session were:  ALLOWAY, HUGHES , ARGALL , SCHWANK, FONTANA
, WILLIAMS , YAW, YUDICHAK,  FARNESE, LEACH , SMITH, WOZNIAK , BLAKE, and
BREWSTER.

The Pennsylvania Legislative Budget and Finance Committee issued a report on the
economic impact of museums in Pennsylvania. Tourism is one of Pennsylvania's
largest industries injecting approximately $33 billion annually into the
Commonwealth's economy and museums play a large role in this sector.  By one
estimate, 13,000 staff persons are employed by Pennsylvania's museums and more
than 25,000 Pennsylvania's businesses are involved in arts and culture related
creative enterprises.

In the last few years funding has been reduced for both state-owned and
nonstate-owned museums.  As a result, the Legislative Budget and Finance
Committee recommended the exploration of creative funding strategies for funding
museums and cultural activities.

Therefore, we are proposing a consistent source of funding to assist
Pennsylvania museums that do not receive general operating support from other
state sources. This plan is a first step in funding a program that is
streamlined, uses a verified, accepted list of museums, allows for operating
support and multi-year funding, and is distributed on performance-based,
verifiable criteria to eligible museums aligned with national standards.

We are proposing providing $10 million annually from a portion of the
Pennsylvania Inheritance Tax (approximately 1% of collections) separate from,
and in addition to, the existing Keystone Recreation, Park and Conservation
fund, to fund a museum grant program.  Funds would be distributed by the PHMC to
qualified Pennsylvania museums that commit to the American Alliance of Museums
(AAM) Pledge of Excellence."

The following are the types of museums that would be eligible to apply:
          Botanic Gardens and Arboreta             Children's Museums
          History Museums                                  Historical Societies
          Historic Houses/Sites                            Military and Maritime
Museums
          Natural History Museums                      Nature Centers
          Planetariums                                         Science and
Technology Centers
          General Museums with two or more equally significant disciplines

Museums that meet the AAM definition of museum and with operating budgets of
more than $100,000 may apply for grants of up to 15% of their operating budget.
AAM accredited museums will be eligible for an additional grant of up to 1% of
their operating budget.  These grants will not exceed $500,000 each.

We hope you will join us in co-sponsoring this important initiative.  If you
need further information, please feel free to contact our offices.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Cambridge Times

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Arts group appeals for council's support

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 450  words


Local not-for-profit arts and culture organization, Cambridge Live Music, was
recently dealt another blow after being informed late last week that the grants
review committee of council will not be recommending they receive a 2016 grant
from the City of Cambridge.

This March, Cambridge Live Music will celebrate its second year in operation and
continues to further their mission to raise awareness of the incredibly vibrant
live music community that currently exists in the city.

Cambridge Live Music helps spread the word about live music of any genre
presented in any venue, as long as the event takes place in Cambridge.

The 100 per cent volunteer-run organization has used zero funds from regional
and municipal governments, yet they've still been able to make history with
recent strategic promotional initiatives, including the production of
Cambridge's very first compilation album of original music.

"Vol 1 - Sounds of Cambridge" was released last November.

The project came in under budget, on schedule and without the need for a single
dollar of taxpayers' money.

Despite being the "new kid" on the local arts and culture scene, Cambridge Live
Music's impact has been significant and already earned them two award
nominations from the Cambridge Chamber of Commerce, in addition to a Bernice
Adams Memorial Award nomination for its co-founder.

Idea Exchange (library), Preston and Cambridge Farmer's Markets, as well as all
three downtown BIAs, several local festivals and events organizers, and even the
Cambridge Mayor's Celebration of the Arts, have each called upon Cambridge Live
Music to assist them.

The City of Cambridge deserves to be recognized for their role in inspiring
citizens to make a conscious decision to devote a significant amount of their
free time and talent to help promote Cambridge as a vibrant community, rich in
arts and culture, and the envy of southwestern Ontario.

Regrettably, if council follows the recommendation of the grants review
committee, this opportunity will be unavailable to the City of Cambridge.

Cambridge Live Music will appeal the committee's recommendation during a council
meeting at city hall on Tuesday (Feb. 16) at 7 p.m.

The organization is asking supporters of the arts to contact their councillors
to explain why they feel Cambridge Live Music should receive a 2016 grant.

Arts supporters are also being encouraged to attend the Feb. 16 meeting to
demonstrate that arts groups, such as Cambridge Live Music, are an effective and
cost efficient way of promoting arts and culture which can only have a positive
economic impact in any community.

Visit www.cambridgelivemusic.com/blog to learn more.

Ted Ferris,

president and co-founder,

Cambridge Live Music

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                            February 28, 2010 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Funding a frontier;
Agency helps life sciences grow in area

SECTION: EDITORIAL; IN OUR OPINION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 520 words


The Massachusetts Life Sciences Center has investing in the future down to a
science.

Since it was established by the Legislature in 2006, efforts in Central
Massachusetts have caught the agency's eye.

The latest is WPI's Life Science and Bioengineering Center at Gateway Park in
Worcester. The MLSC's board gave final approval last week for a $6.6 million
state grant to outfit a new $25 million laboratory building at the development.
Construction is to begin in July, and the building - the second major research
center at Gateway - could open in late 2011, housing about 140 permanent jobs
and providing training for about 370 people each year.

The MLSC is the primary funding mechanism for Gov. Deval Patrick's ambitious
Life Sciences Act of 2008, which pledged $1 billion toward life sciences support
over a 10-year span.

As it helps pump dollars into life sciences ideas, projects and ventures of
various kinds, the quasi-public agency serves the role of a vital organ on
behalf of the state. The Waltham-based agency has supported student internships,
provided tax credits and awarded grants and loans to biotech startups, companies
and universities in Worcester and area communities, including Clinton, Gardner,
Grafton, Hopkinton, Marlboro, Milford and Westboro.

Its largest infrastructure investment to date is $90 million to help build the
$405 million Albert Sherman Center at the University of Massachusetts Medical
School. The medical school's international stem cell bank and registry have been
backed by the MLSC as well.

The agency has also earmarked $9.5 million to complete the New England Regional
Biosafety Laboratory at Tuft University's Cummings School of Veterinary Medicine
in Grafton, one of only 13 Level 3 biosafety labs in the country.

Melissa A. Walsh, chief operating officer for the MLSC, said in a meeting with
the Telegram & Gazette's editorial board earlier this month that the agency
makes its decisions based on scientific merit and economic impact, and that more
than half the MLSC's investments have gone to the Worcester area.

She and Susan R. Windham-Bannister, MLSC president and CEO, spoke in glowing
terms about the sophistication and promise of the life sciences cluster in our
area - and the need for the state as a whole to continue to nurture and build on
its productive and prestigious life sciences niche.

The state's life sciences initiative isn't just about the thresholds of
discovery. There are benefits to households.

Jobs are breathed to life, and not just brainy jobs inside bustling
laboratories. The industry employs people with all kinds of skills, Ms.
Windham-Bannister said. Also, she said, the tax dollars the MLSC invests are
highly leveraged, which means dollars accrue back to the state several-fold.

As the Gateway investment again demonstrates, the state is putting its money
where its belief is. That belief is in good science and its potential to lead to
medical breakthroughs and commercial applications.

No one ever knows what payoffs stand to be realized from any line of research.
The state, through the MLSC's targeted investments, is helping tease out
answers.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Sherbrooke Record (Quebec)

                           January 30, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Government grant to build on local aging expertise

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 304 words

DATELINE: SHERBROOKE


The expertise developed in Sherbrooke on aging and independence in the elderly
may lead to better business development of products and services related to
these areas, thanks to a contribution of $300,000 announced yesterday by Réjean
Hébert, the government minister responsible for the Sherbrooke region, on behalf
of his colleague Elaine Zakaïb, Minister of Industrial Policy and the Quebec
Economic Development Bank.

This support comes under the framework of ACCORD (Action for concerted regional
cooperation for development) in biotechnology.

"Along with the CSSS-IUGS Research Centre on Aging, the Healthy City approach
and other initiatives, Sherbrooke has developed a strong expertise in the study
of aging and autonomy, Hébert said. "This expertise is well recognized
internationally. But the idea is simply to use this expertise to facilitate
business start-ups, to enhance the commercial component. We obviously don't have
the numbers, but it is clear that the economic impact could be major. In France
for example, the development of this market has resulted in the creation of 150
companies."

The amount of $300,000 will be used to 'set the table,' notably to hire a person
assigned to networking and lobbying.

Indicating that the potential benefits from what he called the gray economy is
huge, Hébert believes that it makes sense to favour the Eastern Townships, "It
is here, in Sherbrooke, that the expertise developed," he said.

Biotech is one of the five areas of excellence that have been identified for the
Eastern Townships within the ACCORD, which is a government program to boost
regional economies. The Accord Regional Committee is chaired by Gilles Pansera
who says Monday's announcement will allow stakeholders to consult further and
concentrate their efforts to better reflect specific regional expertise.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Sherbrooke Record
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                               May 2, 2016 Monday

Celebrating the cornerstones of Illinois' local communities

SECTION: BIZ LEDGER; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 785 words


Throughout American history, small businesses have been the cornerstone of our
local communities. Families lived over these businesses. Neighbors convened in
them. Children got their first summer jobs from them. Little League teams were
sponsored by them. This is why each year the U.S. Small Business Administration
sets aside an entire week, known as National Small Business Week, to honor and
celebrate them and their successes.

The SBA's programs are focused on providing small businesses access to capital,
free counseling and opportunities in federal contracting. Along with helping
small businesses start, grow and create jobs, we also provide assistance to help
spur economic recovery during disasters.

While we are much more, most see the SBA as the lending agency, even though it
is banks doing the lending. We help finance manufacturing hubs and high-growth
disrupters, as well as local restaurants and retailers.

In FY15, which ended last September, the SBA supported $33 billion in loans
which, in turn, supported nearly 730,000 jobs. This was a record level of
lending and illustrates America's small businesses are thriving and yearning to
grow. Here in Illinois, we supported a record-breaking $1.25 billion. And, our
extensive outreach and collaboration is contributing to marked year over year
loan increases to veteran (nearly 85 percent increase), minority (nearly 30
percent increase) and women entrepreneurs (nearly 20 percent increase).

To encourage entrepreneurship even more in Illinois, the SBA supported
accelerators and cities with grants. Our Startup in a Day campaign awarded
$50,000 to Champaign and Peoria to help the cities create or implement a
solution to allow entrepreneurs to apply for everything required to start a
business in less than 24 hours. Chicago and Schaumburg also pledged to make the
same thing possible in their cities. Further, four Illinois accelerators each
received a $50,000 Growth Accelerator Award to help boost the economic impact
they have with their startup initiatives.

We also worked to unlock opportunities for small businesses, encouraging them to
expand their horizons and look for growth in new areas -- specifically in
exporting, as 95 percent of consumers live outside America's borders.

In Illinois, 90 percent of the companies exporting goods were small firms and
they generated about a quarter (25 percent) of the state's total known export
value. Through State Trade and Export Promotion (STEP) grants, which total more
than $3 million in Illinois since 2011, and our trade finance and export
counseling, we're helping small businesses enter and compete in the global
marketplace.

Our most recent news regarding federal contracting, which also helps small
businesses grow and create jobs, is just as impressive. In FY15, more than 25
percent of all federal contracts were awarded to small businesses. In Illinois,
small businesses received $1.6 billion in federal contracts and in total across
the nation the contracts amounted to nearly $91 billion, which supports 540,000
jobs.

With regard to disaster, we've been responsive here too. While a single
catastrophic weather event did not occur in 2015, many severe storms and
flooding caused damage in Illinois and the SBA supported recovery.

Small business owners sacrifice every day. At the same time, they create nearly
two out of three new jobs in this nation. More than 98 percent of the businesses
in Illinois are small and employ nearly half or 2.4 million of the state's
private workforce.

National Small Business Week is about success and seeing it continue. Our
economy needs the skills, ambition and work ethic of our Illinois' small
business owners, as job growth and economic prosperity is only possible due to
their hard work and perseverance. My challenge to you is to create your own
success story, either as a business owner yourself, a partner helping them to
succeed and/or as a customer supporting them.

Our offices in Chicago and Springfield are ready to help. And, our resource
partners, including 32 Small Business Development Centers, 11 talented and
active SCORE chapters and two women's business centers, are available for
training and mentoring.

During National Small Business Week, we recognize the contributions small
business owners make to our nation and recommit ourselves to empowering the
entrepreneurs and small business owners who help drive the economy. We look
forward to working with you and celebrating all the small business success here
in Illinois. For more information, visit our website at www.sba.gov/il. I also
encourage you to follow us on Twitter at @SBAGreatLakes.

*Robert Steiner is Illinois District Director of the U.S. Small Business
Administration

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Robert 'Bo' Steiner ROBERT 'BO' STEINER Robert 'Bo' Steiner ROBERT
STEINER ROBERT STEINERThinkstock Illustration Small Business Week is the first
week in May, celebrating the businesses that are the cornerstone of the
community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              810 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                           December 14, 2002, Sunday

SWINGING FROM MUSIC TO BIG TIME;
 CONTINUING HIS SERIES OF INTERVIEWS WITH LEADING BUSINESS PEOPLE, IAN COURTNEY
TALKS TO DAI DAVIES FROM THE ARTS COUNCIL OF WALES

BYLINE: Ian Courtney

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 727 words


DAI DAVIES, who was born in Carmarthenshire, moved to London in the early 1970s
to join the newspaper industry.

He then pursued a career in the music business, during which time he worked with
David Bowie and managed the Stranglers and Art of Noise.

Mr Davies was until recently the chief executive of Sanctuary Music Productions,
a publicly quoted entertainment company.

QYour love affair with music led to you establishing your own music management
company. To be successful in creative industry management you have to be fast
moving and entrepreneurial. When did you realise you had this talent? A I wasn't
convinced I originally had that talent. I was driven to do it because I enjoyed
music and working with people like David Bowie at the time of Ziggy Stardust.
From this experience I picked up enough skill to become a manager in my own
right in 1973. But the truth is it took three years of failure before I became
successful with the Stranglers. Along the way I picked up the management skills
to run a business. You see that is what a band is. Albeit erratically, it is a
performing business.

QWhat prompted you to move from a rock music lifestyle to a corporate one where
you had responsibility for briefing analysts employed by investment banks?

A Age. By the time I was 40 I had been running a music management company for a
long time. It was taken over by the Sanctuary Group. Sanctuary gave me a
division to run which involved re-cording operations and the building of a
catalogue of copyright.

At this time investors and the City of London were beginning to appreciate the
value of investing in owners of intellectual property rights. Therefore the
natural route to expansion was the City. The chairman and the finance director,
who were both accountants, spoke about financials. My job was to handle the
mechanics of creative industries in general and our music company in particular.

QThere has been a considerable effort in Wales to establish a framework of
support for the creative industries. Yet sometimes it seems that discussion of
wealth and job creation gets lost?

A The focus needs to be entirely on economic gain and through that job creation.
The considerable pool of Welsh talent will achieve nothing for the economy
without a copyright owning infrastructure. It is great for the image that Welsh
bands are successful internationally but unfortunately the economic impact has
been negligible.

Wales must wake up to the fact that gaining a share of the hugely valuable
worldwide creative industries is a tough battle. We must recognise that London,
Los Angeles and New York will remain the copyright capitals of the world but we
can still carve out some viable businesses in Wales.

QPeople in the creative industries appear to have different attitudes and
experiences to public servants. Can this inhibit the chances of success of
publicly supported creative industry initiatives? A The creative industries are
amongst the most risk-taking and innovative around. Managing them well involves
managing the process of failure. The management of the public sector involves
avoiding failure at all costs - and quite rightly so in the vast majority of
cases. But this does result in a cultural chasm when the public sector gets
involved in the creative industries.

The next big idea that will take the world by storm may well be worked out by a
couple of kids in a grotty basement far removed from the world of grants and
public sector initiatives. The task is to get innovative creators funded and
marketed.

QWhat is the single most important act required to take the Welsh creative
economy forward? AThere is not just a single thing.

We have to become more entrepreneurial and less reliant on the public sector. In
the short term we must become demand, not supply, led. I have the impression
that many of the public initiatives I hear about ignore the realities of the
industries they are intending to be a part of.

An analysis needs to take place of where the gaps in the market are for things
that Wales can actually exploit. Proximity to London and the advantages we have
of property and wage costs can be exploited.

Wales and its institutions must make themselves attractive to knowledge-economy
principals, whether they are rock producers, bio-chemists or media
entrepreneurs.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2002 Western Mail and Echo Ltd


                              811 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

Virginia: Governor McAuliffe Announces Winery Expansion, New Jobs in
Westmoreland County

LENGTH: 1120 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: Office of the Secretary of Agriculture and Forestry, The state of
Virginia has issued the following news release:



 Governor Terry McAuliffe announced today that Monroe Bay Vineyard LLC will
expand its farm winery in Westmoreland County.  The company will invest more
than $385,000 to build a tasting room and production facility for its wine and
hard cider operations, creating seven new jobs in the region.  In addition,
Monroe Bay Vineyard will purchase more than $1.4 million in Virginia-grown
grapes, apples and other fruit over the next five years.  This is the first
economic development announcement in Westmoreland County during Governor
McAuliffe's administration and the first Agriculture and Forestry Industries
Development (AFID) facility grant announcement for the county.





 Speaking about the announcement, Governor McAuliffe stated, "I am pleased to
announce Monroe Bay Vineyard's investment in Westmoreland County, which creates
new jobs and new opportunities for the Virginia wine and cider industries, two
of the faster growing sectors of Virginia's agricultural economy.  This
investment bolsters Virginia's reputation as a top wine destination on the East
Coast and highlights the importance of the growing link between agriculture and
tourism on the Northern Neck.  This project, with its capital investment, new
jobs and strong commitment to sourcing locally, represents another economic win
for the region.  My administration is committed to fully employing our diverse
agriculture industry, one of the Commonwealth's greatest assets, to help build
the new Virginia economy. "



 Established in 2013, Monroe Bay Vineyard produces wine and hard cider next to
James Monroe's birthplace near the town of Colonial Beach in Westmoreland
County.  The company will expand its existing vineyard and orchard, working
directly with Virginia producers to grow more than $1.4 million in grapes,
apples and other fruit, or approximately 84 percent of its total agriculture
needs, over the next five years.  This expansion will enable the company to
dramatically increase production of its wines and hard ciders.



 "It's great to see Westmoreland County continuing to develop and diversify its
agricultural economy," added First Lady Dorothy McAuliffe, who also attended the
announcement.  "Connecting locally grown food with locally produced wines and
ciders, along with craft beer and distilled spirits, represents a huge
opportunity to further leverage Virginia's culinary resources for tourism and
economic impact.  High quality products, like the ones Monroe Bay Vineyard is
producing, contribute significantly to growing the new Virginia economy, and I
am pleased that customers across the region will have access to these
Virginia-grown products."



 "This expansion for Monroe Bay Vineyard represents another step forward for
Virginia as we cement our reputation as key players in the nation's wine and
cider sectors," said Virginia Secretary of Agriculture and Forestry Todd
Haymore, who announced the grant on behalf of Governor McAuliffe.  "Virginia
wine sales are up by more 25 percent since 2010, and sales of Virginia cider
increased more than 200 percent from 2014 to 2015.  Indeed, these craft
beverages and others are contributing positively to cities and rural communities
across the Commonwealth, adding to the Governor's call to build a new Virginia
economy.  I am pleased that the AFID fund was able to support this project, the
first economic development announcement in Westmoreland since April 2013."



 The Commonwealth is partnering with the Northern Neck Planning District
Commission, Westmoreland County and Monroe Bay Vineyard on this project through
the Governor's AFID Fund, which is administered by the Virginia Department of
Agriculture and Consumer Services.  Governor McAuliffe approved a $30,000 grant
from the AFID Fund to assist with the project, whichWestmoreland County is
matching with local grant funds.



 Kiki Apple, owner of Monroe Bay Vineyard, added, "We are honored to have the
funding to bring our dream of a tasting room on the Monroe Bay to reality.  We
are the first winery on the Northern Neck to offer hard apple cider in addition
to our wines.  Being located on the land of James Monroe Birthplace Farm, our
goal is to restore it back to a working orchard, and we have already planted
'Virginia Hughes Crab' apples in the orchard - the same variety James Monroe
grew and loved."



 "The Northern Neck Planning District Commission is delighted for the strong
support of the Governor's Agriculture and Forestry Industries Development (AFID)
Fund for a winery and cidery facility in Westmoreland County," said Jerry W.
Davis, Executive Director of the Northern Neck Planning District Commission.
"The Northern Neck Economic Development Plan identifies small business growth
and entrepreneurship as priorities for the region, along with continued support
of the tourism sector and products made in the Northern Neck.  Small businesses
such as Monroe Bay Vineyard continue the Northern Neck's agricultural tradition,
provide places of interest for visitors, and augment existing efforts to brand
the Northern Neck as a heritage area."



 Senator Richard H. Stuart (R- Montross) commented, "This is a very exciting
opportunity for Westmoreland County.  Both the wine and cider industries have
grown immensely here in the Commonwealth and have been significant contributors
to Virginia's agriculture and tourism industries.  I am thrilled for the
Northern Neck to partake in this great economic development."



 Delegate Margaret B. Ransone (R - Kinsale) added, "I'm pleased that the AFID
fund could help support the important and growing wine and cider industries in
the Northern Neck. The partnership between Monroe Bay Vineyards and Westmoreland
County encourages economic development, and I look forward to this initiative
and its future success."



 According to a 2012 economic impact study, the Virginia wine industry employs
more than 4,700 people and contributes almost $750 million to the Virginia
economy on an annual basis. Nationwide, Virginia is in the top five states in
number of wineries and wine grape production. In 2015, Virginia wine sales
reached an all-time high of more than 524,000 cases, or nearly 6.3 million
bottles. More than 1.6 million tourists visited Virginia wineries in 2015.



 Since the beginning of the McAuliffe administration, 587 economic development
deals have been closed in Virginia with more than $9.8 billion in capital
investment, which is more than any previous governor in the first 24 months in
office.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                August 25, 2008

Aerotropolis;
Ambitious plan takes flight to develop land near Metro Airport, Willow Run;
64,000 jobs expected to land in region

BYLINE: Bill Shea

LENGTH: 1305 Words


Chicago is in the crosshairs, and North Carolina is the goal.

That's the message from the backers of the plan to develop an ``aerotropolis''
of aviation-reliant business and industry in the area anchored by Detroit
Metropolitan Airport and Willow Run Airport. Backers want to attract investment
to 5,000 targeted acres among 60,000 acres -- over 25 years -- on what is now
largely undeveloped land sprinkled with some industrial and airport-related
businesses.

Through new and revamped incentives, the public-private effort wants to keep
current businesses and capture potential businesses -- primarily advanced
manufacturing, logistics, alternative energy and research companies. It is meant
to compete with Chicago's two major airports (and a third in the works), and
with other Midwest cities such as Cleveland and St. Louis.

``Chicago is absolutely in the crosshairs,'' said Doug Rothwell, presiden-t of
Detroit Renaissance Inc., the economic-revitalization organization that's
leading the Detroit Region Aerotropolis effort.

The tactical objective is to create something similar to Research Triangle Park
near Durham, N.C., the largest U.S. research and development park, used by major
corporations such as IBM Corp. and GlaxoSmithKline plc. Created in 1959, the
research park was the project of a government, business and academic
partnership.

The Detroit aerotropolis, in addition, is a central element of the region's
economic-revitalization plans.

The potential economic results are eye-popping: A Jones Lang Lasalle
aerotropolis study earlier this year estimates that construction-related
economic impact, both direct and indirect, would average $173 million annually
over the 25-year build-out, or $4.3 billion total.

That is much smaller in scope than some aerotropolis projects in Asia or the
Middle East but an ambitious goal for a Midwest hub.

After Detroit's aerotropolis is completed, it is expected to generate $10.1
billion in direct and indirect economic impact, along with an estimated 64,422
jobs, according to the study.

Private-sector projects already are under way that seek the advantages of being
in the aerotropolis. They include a $14 million distribution center, a $15
million hotel, a $22.5 million facility for growing and moving organic
vegetables and a $7.6 million warehouse project.

How it works

The mechanism to lure business revolves around two main strategies: Retool
current (and create new) incentives that make Detroit a better option; and a
marketing plan that extols the virtues of the two airports, the available land,
highways and railroads, the area's trained workforce and nearby major
universities.

New incentive legislation, primarily tax breaks, is expected to be introduced in
the state House this month, Rothwell said.

The 35-member public-private task force shepherding the aerotropolis is working
with the Michigan Economic Development Corp. and the governor's office to get
tax breaks in place that business will take notice of, said Wayne County
Executive Robert Ficano.

``It's the private investment that drives this. We have to set the climate,'' he
said.

A business-attraction study that will outline what kind of companies Detroit
should target also is expected to be complete soon.

``It can be any kind of company that needs to take advantage of a world-class
airport,'' said Marsha Ennis, the aerotropolis project manager. She's on loan to
Wayne County from DTE Energy Co.

``The concept starts with airport-centered businesses. It's not just
logistics-oriented business, but that's a major focus. It could be more service
oriented. Offices, or moving people, not just goods.''

Ennis handles the day-to-day aerotropolis details, including five committees
working on various planning aspects and several ongoing studies.

No one will say what the new incentives will entail, but all agree they are the
project's linchpin.

``We think the legislation will be a key enabler to allow us to market that area
in a unique way,'' Ennis said. Creation of the public-private Aerotropolis
Development Corp. also is critical, Ficano said. The corporation's goal will be
to complete all permitting for a company seeking land within 60 days.

``They won't have to haggle with different jurisdictions,''he said.

Speed, cost and fewer hassles than Chicago are what it comes down to.

``What you're really going after is professional services companies and
logistics companies that need to be near an airport,'' Rothwell said.

The idea

The aerotropolis concept's goal is to foster economic development and job growth
over 10 to 20 years with the addition of concentric rings around airports.

Those are meant to attract clusters of aviation-based businesses and industries
closest to the airports -- and industrial parks, retail, entertainment and
residential farther out.

Think of it as an airport city, an idea that's growing in Asia, Europe and the
Middle East but remains largely unfamiliar in the U.S.

John Kasarda, director of the Kenan Institute of Private Enterprise at the
University of North Carolina, is considered the father of the aerotropolis
concept.

Wayne County hired him as a consultant to assist in planning an aerotropolis for
Detroit Metropolitan and Willow Run airports.

There's an aerotropolis spectrum, Kasarda said, with manufacturing and research
and development on one end, and the other being the glittering,
multibillion-dollar projects seen in Asia and the Middle East, where entire new
cities are being constructed around airports, entertainment and housing.

Detroit, which Kasarda said leads the U.S. in aerotropolis planning, must rely
on incentives to spark private-market interest, along with local governmental
cooperation to streamline or eliminate business-repellent red tape. Basically,
the stage will be set for private industry to take advantage.

That differs from the Mideast, especially, where the explosion of oil profits
allows powerful governments such as Dubai to simply construct its $82 billion
project with malls, golf courses and luxury hotels.

``Most of this (in Detroit) is going to be more business-focused. That's what we
need in the community right now,'' Rothwell said, noting the Chicago target.

``Our task is to become the second hub to the Midwest,'' he said.

Economic engine

In Detroit, the aerotropolis idea lingered around the fringes of
economic-revitalization talks for a number of years. The catalyst for getting it
on the front burner was Ficano and Rothwell pushing the concept after they came
into their current roles.

``Before, it was more of a concept. What it was lacking was development of a
business plan to take it from concept to implementation,'' Rothwell said.

Detroit Renaissance, the nonprofit CEO council representing the region's major
employers, is among the six organizations leading the One D economic
revitalization effort for metro Detroit introduced in 2006.

The aerotropolis is part of the CEO council's Road to Renaissance contribution
to One D, championed by Edsel Ford II.

The Detroit aerotropolis plan was developed through a series of studies, paid
for in part out of a $750,000 grant awarded last year to Detroit Renaissance
from the Kresge Foundation.

The aerotropolis also figures heavily into the Detroit Regional Chamber's
TranslinkeD logistics initiative, which chamber President and CEO Dick Blouse
officially launched during the chamber's Mackinac Policy Conference in May. The
initiative calls for mapping the region's transportation and logistics assets,
such as railways and airports, and cooperation and lobbying to boost the state's
ability and attractiveness as a logistics center.

In the meantime, organizers are preaching patience because it's a long-term
project.

``We've got to do a really good job selling the business case,'' Rothwell said.
``We shouldn't expect an overnight miracle.''

Bill Shea: (313) 446-1626, bshea@crain.com

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: db


                      Copyright 2008 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            October 4, 2011 Tuesday

State grant for county parks will link trails, fund improvements

BYLINE: Adam Brandolph

LENGTH: 426 words


Lynn Heckman moved to Collier to be near the Panhandle Trail.

"I was looking for a place to live, and when I saw it was near the  trail, I
definitely wanted to live there," said Heckman, assistant  director of
transportation initiatives in Allegheny County's division of  Economic
Development.

Soon, visitors to Settlers Cabin Park will have the access Heckman enjoys.

Part of $750,000 that state Sen. John Pippy, R-Moon, presented on  Monday to the
county, the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and  Natural Resources, and
the Allegheny County Parks Foundation will help  connect the Settlers Cabin
Trail to the 29-mile Panhandle Trail.

County officials will match the grant with money from a $10 million  capital
fund County Executive Dan Onorato set aside when he established  the foundation
in 2007 to spruce up the county's nine parks. The  foundation, which raised $4.5
million from the state, county and private  donors, has three full-time
employees and an annual operating budget of  about $470,000.

The grant also will pay for improvements to the South Park  Fairgrounds. Future
funding -- and matching county grants -- would go  toward North Park Lake's
five-mile trail and would connect South Park to  the Montour Trail. Officials
said they need $8 million to complete the  four projects, the inaugural park
improvements.

"This is a solid start, upon which we can build," said John Surma,  CEO of U.S.
Steel Corp. and chairman of the parks foundation. "This is  just the beginning
of what we intend to accomplish."

County officials long have wanted to connect trails. They began  planning for
the Montour Trail in 1989. It stretches from Moon to  Peters, and connects to
the Great Allegheny Passage, taking bicyclists  as far as Washington, D.C.

"Most of the trails being built today aren't being built in  isolation," said
Carl Knoch, manager of trail development for Rails To  Trails Conservancy's
northeast regional office in Camp Hill, outside  Harrisburg. "This network of
trails will enable people to go from their  home to the park to the grocery
store to the downtown business district  ... to connect without having to get
into an automobile."

Such interconnectivity is an economic driver, Knoch said, citing a  2010 study
his organization funded that found the average bicyclist  spends $13.62 each
time out on a trail.

"People who are using trails ... stop at convenience stores, require  new parts
for their bicycle, stop to eat. The trails, in general,  generate economic
impact in every community they pass through," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            August 18, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

GRAHAM ROBB;
COLUMNIST

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 747 words


IRECENTLY visited Beamish Museum at an event organised by the Prince's Trust.

The museum has turned around its fortunes since the recession of 2008. After a
period of being subjected to a rapid change in its funding formula it has moved
away from direct grant to a funding model driven by the success of this unique
venture.

Visitor numbers have doubled, a deficit has been turned into a surplus, staff
numbers have gone up from 170 to 365 and £5.5m has been re-invested. It is now
embarking on an ambitious expansion programme which will add significantly to
the tourist and cultural offering of the North East.

If Beamish can use our past to attract visitors, other initiatives can be used
to tell those visitors about our future. Culture and tourism will be a critical
component of the region's success; they tell the rest of the world who we are,
where we came from and what we care about. They give us the ability to confound
backward looking stereotypes and to speak with confidence about the future.

Two areas of our region are to bid for UK City of Culture status, for two
separate years. Sunderland hopes to attain the status in 2021 and Tees Valley in
2025.

The bids should be welcomed by everyone in the North East as they will draw
attention to so much that is positive and exciting about the region.

The development of the Sunderland bid would come from Sunderland Cultural
Partnership, working with cultural organisations and communities across the
city. The UK City of Culture programme, which runs every four years, was
developed by the Government to build on the success of Liverpool being European
Capital of Culture in 2008 and the Cultural Olympiad in 2012.

Even if the bids are not successful, the development of bids has proved
lucrative elsewhere. Durham's hugely successful Lumiere Festival sprang from its
failed bid, but ploughed £5.8m into its economy and attracted 175,000 visitors
in 2013.

In the Tees Valley the bid coincides with a great national anniversary - the
bicentenary of the first railway; the Darlington Stockton Passenger Railway
inaugurated in 1825. Railways form part of the life story of the North East;
even today we are building trains again with the massive inward investment by
Hitachi at Aycliffe and the impressive retro-steam train manufacturing operation
at the Darlington Locomotive Works.

I hope those planning the Tees Valley bid will look seriously at establishing a
delivery team and a modest budget for the bi-centenary, whether or not the City
of Culture bid is accepted. The bicentenary is of critical importance to our
area. Too often when the nation celebrates railways, it forgets that Tees Valley
was there from day one.

We are ground zero for mass transportation in the modern age and - even though
the National Railway Museum is in York - Darlington, Stockton and Newcastle
(where the Stephenson works were located) should be at the centre of the
commemoration.

Art and culture are significant drivers in any successful economy. Local
authorities can't often justify spending large sums on them but Government does.
In the forthcoming devolution talks I hope that a significant proportion of arts
money can be devolved. Even if this is not a component of the initial offering,
once we have a Mayor for each LEP area, that person can and should make a case
for culture.

So much of the nation's arts funding goes to big national museums and
collections but when do we ever see our national collections on tour? Museums
with national status have located off-shoots in other parts of the UK; the
Imperial War Museum operates museums in Manchester, Portsmouth and Cambridge;
the Tate has galleries in Liverpool and Cornwall. There is a case for some of
our national collection to come to the North East too.

An impressive report was published last month, the 'Case for Culture'. It has
five proposals which could ultimately double the 74,000 jobs we have in the
sector. The report explains the economic impact of culture on the North East:
"Existing research on economic impact shows that the sector is delivering
considerable value for the region. Our creative and cultural industries are
estimated to be generating £755m additional economic impact."

We are one North East with two Local Enterprise Partnerships; backing both the
City of Culture bids is an ideal way of proving that, when we need to, we can
all work together.

Graham Robb is Chair of the ¦Institute of Directors in the North East and senior
partner at Recognition PR.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            November 20, 2016 Sunday
                                 CITY-D Edition

William Penn Foundation giving $100 million to remake city parks, libraries, and
rec centers

BYLINE: By Tricia L. Nadolny; Staff Writer

SECTION: front_page; P-com News; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1140 words


Mayor Kenney's bold initiative to revitalize the city's parks, libraries, and
recreation centers as a way to fight poverty and strengthen neighborhoods is
receiving a major lift - up to $100 million from the William Penn Foundation.

The grant is the largest in the foundation's history, nearly four times bigger
than any it has given before. In a single swoop, it covers one-fifth of the
overall cost of the program, known as Rebuild.

"We want to provide opportunity for all Philadelphia citizens, from the youngest
children all the way to the most senior citizens, to come together, to get to
know one another," said Janet Haas, chair of the foundation's board of
directors. "Particularly in these times in our country, it's even more
important."

The gift, which will be formally announced at a news conference Monday, is a
significant vote of confidence from the city's largest philanthropy at a
critical time in the launch of Rebuild. City officials are deep in planning the
project and are expected to seek City Council approval of the first of three
$100 million bonds early next year.

The program will mean improvements ranging from face-lifts to brand-new
facilities at scores of parks, recreation centers, and libraries - city assets
that have fallen into deep disrepair due to budget constraints.

Some parks haven't seen new equipment or substantial upkeep of the old for more
than 20 years. And neighborhood libraries last received new paint, lights, and
computers two decades ago. Eight branches remained closed last summer because
the air-conditioning did not work.

While at a basic level Rebuild will provide for those infrastructure
improvements, city officials and leaders at William Penn see the potential for a
broader social and economic impact. They point to the jobs the projects will
create, the increased community engagement the process will foster, and the
sorely needed services that will be available at the finished facilities.

Rebuild is meant to work in tandem with expanded early childhood education,
another Kenney initiative. Officials have said prekindergarten facilities could
be housed in the improved facilities.

"It doesn't just rebuild rec centers," Brian Abernathy, the city's first deputy
managing director, said of the effort. "It rebuilds communities. It rebuilds
neighborhoods. And it rebuilds an economic base that has been lacking in this
city for decades."

The six-year program has a $500 million price tag: $300 million in bonds, $120
million from foundations and private donors, $32 million in state and federal
funds, and $48 million in city capital funds.

The lion's share of the William Penn grant is contingent on the city taking out
bonds for its portion. About $4.8 million has already been given and is being
used in the planning phases. An additional $20.2 million of the total is
structured to help draw in more philanthropic and public funding, with $1 given
for every $2 raised.

Shawn McCaney, the foundation's interim executive director, said the
organization would help in the fund-raising. He called Rebuild an "unprecedented
and once-in-a-generation opportunity" and said it could become a national model
for data-driven community reinvestment, which could spur support from national
donors.

Kenney praised the foundation and said Rebuild resonates with some of its core
focuses including sustainability, infrastructure, and youth.

"They really believe in what we're doing," Kenney said. "And that's gratifying.
And it's also energizing and it makes you want to continue to work harder."

William Penn, with about $2 billion in assets, is among the largest
philanthropic organizations in the country. It is the legacy of the Haas family
and was started by Otto Haas, the German-born cofounder of the Rohm & Haas
chemical company, and his wife, Phoebe, in 1945.

For decades the foundation has been behind the remaking of some of
Philadelphia's most significant public spaces - Logan Circle, the Delaware River
Waterfront, the Schuylkill River Trail, and Dilworth Park, to name a few.

Haas said the foundation in recent years has broadened its focus outside of
Center City. She said Rebuild is a natural extension of that effort.

Still, she said the decision to give such a sizable amount was difficult.

"Although we were excited about the potential, it wasn't an easy sell for the
board in that we knew that it was risky and that it was going to be big," Haas
said. "If we were going to take a stake in it we knew we wanted to take a big
one."

She said board members asked "countless questions" to vet the project and
described herself as a skeptic during the process, wanting to understand how the
city would define success and the likelihood of achieving it. After going
through those steps, she said, the size of the grant can be viewed as a sign of
the foundation's deep confidence in the plan and the people behind it.

In weighing the final figure, Haas said she also considered other large grants
the foundation has given in the past, then considered the possibility to make a
citywide impact with Rebuild.

"I had a sense this would be about right," she said of the amount. "It's a
stretch. You really have to hold your breath to do this. But it's the right
thing to do. . . . It's out of the comfort zone. But big things always are."

With the big donation, Haas said the foundation is also anticipating a big
impact and plans to remain invested in the process to help see that happen. She
said she has toured many of the facilities Rebuild would revitalize and seen how
they are lacking. A visit to one South Philly rec center several years ago
stands out in her memory.

The facility was locked when her group arrived. After tracking down the key,
Haas said, she was struck with the feeling that the building wasn't even worth
locking.

"There was no point," she said. "It was vandalized on the outside. There had
been a basketball hoop, but there was basically nothing left. There was a puddle
on the floor, and buckets. And it hadn't just been raining."

Haas said Rebuild could remake those public spaces into vibrant community hubs.
She and McCaney added that the process of doing so is, in their eyes, almost as
important as the end result. City officials have said community input will be
central in developing specific projects, so the new facilities fit the
communities' needs.

"We used to think you use the engagement process to deliver a physical thing,"
McCaney said. "Now we think that it's actually the reverse. That the park is a
platform for engagement. That the process leading to the park is an engagement
process. And that, if you . . . do it right, folks feel like they own that
space, they respect it, they steward it, and that there's ongoing engagement
beyond."

tnadolny@phillynews.com

215-854-2730 @TriciaNadolny  INSIDE

The William Penn Foundation's largest grants. Graphic, A17

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           January 16, 2008 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

DARE A MAJOR PROJECT;
TU'S RESTORATION A HUGE EFFORT THAT REQUIRES PARTNERS WORKING TOGETHER.

BYLINE: By TIM EISELE Special to The Capital Times

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 809 words


Trout Unlimited has embarked on a large project in southwestern Wisconsin, known
as the Driftless Area Restoration Effort (DARE), to link upland conservation
efforts with stream restoration.

The result should improve water quality, fish habitat and populations, along
with improved upland health.

Jeff Hastings, project manager for Trout Unlimited, explains that the project
wants to "develop a constituency for the unique natural resources in the
Driftless Area and accelerate stream restoration and watershed protection."

Driftless refers to the fact that when glaciers receded, they left behind rocks
and debris that is referred to as drift. Since glaciers did not reach into
southwestern Wisconsin, it is referred to as the Driftless Area.

The 24,000-mile area - in southwestern Wisconsin, southeastern Minnesota,
northeastern Iowa, and northwestern Illinois - includes more than 600 cold-water
streams and about 4,000 miles of streams.

Early settlement left much erosion and a legacy of land damage.

"Today we are still living with that legacy of damage," Hastings said. "Although
we have improved a lot of the uplands, we are still dealing with a lot of
sediment that washed off of the ridge tops and was deposited on the valley
floors."

One of the major improvements that Trout Unlimited (TU) and the Department of
Natural Resources have done is to stabilize the banks of the meandering streams.
They grade the banks back, which otherwise are washed into the water when high
water during summer storms and flooding rush down the channel, plant grasses
along the adjacent land that absorbs energy from flooding waters, and add rocky
support along the stream bottom. They also install artificial fish habitat known
as LUNKER structures.

"The whole thing about the Driftless Area project is partnership," he said. "It
is a huge area and the only way we can make a dent in it is by collaboration."

Organizations partnering with TU in DARE include the U.S. Fish and Wildlife
Service, USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service, and Wisconsin, Minnesota,
Iowa and Illinois DNRs.

TU also has signed a Memorandum of Understanding to work with the Driftless Area
Initiative comprised of six Resource Conservation and Development agencies and
the Blufflands Alliance.

"People thought that we would focus strictly on the See PROJECT, page D6stream,
but the stream is only as good as the watershed is," Hastings said. "So, the two
parts of this are focusing on watershed protection and stream restoration."

In 2006 and 2007, TU brought chapters together for training and will hold
another workshop this spring. Chapter members learn how to take easements, apply
for grants and other details of planning a successful project.

"We bring together chapters that have never done projects with chapters that
have completed projects for several years, and they partner with each other to
make projects happen," Hastings said.

Every chapter wants to have hands-on activities, and the training helps members
become comfortable with in-stream habitat work.

Project leaders hope to receive additional dollars from the National Fish
Habitat Action Plan, which recognizes the Driftless Area as a distinct project.

Last year, about $147,000 went to almost a dozen projects in the Driftless Area.

"We also want to try to get an interchange between the various biologists
involved in the area," he said. "We are looking at what other steps we can take
to benefit other species, including frogs and turtles."

Hastings has assembled a Wild and Rare Committee that is looking at ways stream
habitat can be improved for turtles, frogs and snakes. For instance, in the
past, workers might have pulled out partially submerged logs, but now they leave
them in to provide loafing logs for turtles, though they tie them into the bank
so logs can't be moved out and damage fish habitat.

Besides improving natural resources, restoration efforts can also help to add
dollars to local economies. The initiative is reproducing a survey that was done
in 1993 and 1999 on two streams in Vernon County that show the economic impact
of stream restoration on the local community was about $190,000 and $1.1
million, respectively. The survey is being updated for the entire area this
year.

Some of the stream restoration projects in Wisconsin include the Bad Axe River
in Vernon County and the Pine Creek in Pierce County, plus Trout Run in
Minnesota, Little Turkey River in Iowa and Clear Creek in Illinois.

"The stream is reflective of what is happening up on the watershed," Hastings
said. "Other projects include the Pecatonica River and Willow Creek in Richland
County thanks to efforts of The Nautre Conservancy and Driftless Land Trust.

"Southwest Wisconsin is really clicking for stream restoration," he said. "We
have the partners and contractors in place, and they are an example for what
other states can do."

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             June 12, 2012 Tuesday
                                 METRO EDITION

$1.3 million sparks creative projects

BYLINE: ROHAN PRESTON; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 555 words



HIGHLIGHT: Four Twin Cities arts group will use ArtPlace's donation to build and
beautify.


Four Twin Cities arts groups will receive $1.3 million over the next year to
deploy artists and the arts to improve civic and cultural life.

The funds come from ArtPlace, a relatively new national initiative by 11 major
foundations, eight federal agencies and six banks "to accelerate creative
placemaking across the U.S," according to the announcement made Tuesday.

"Across the country, cities and towns are using the arts to help shape their
social, physical and economic characters," said Rocco Landesman, chairman of the
National Endowment for the Arts, one of the funders.

Public Art St. Paul is getting $300,000 to build on its program that embeds
conceptual and performing artist Marcus Young in the St. Paul Public Works
department, where he has had an office since 2006. Young's most visible
accomplishment to date as the city's artist in residence is a sidewalk poetry
project.

"Each year, the city of St. Paul replaces about 10 miles worth of sidewalks," he
said. "If you think of the city as a book, what if we had a poem stamped into
the sidewalk on every corner?"

Intermedia Arts, known as a hub of diverse, kinetic performances and artists in
south Minneapolis, is getting $325,000 to embed four artists in the city of
Minneapolis' planning process.

Pillsbury House Theatre intends to use its $250,000 grant to expedite the
development of an arts district in its south Minneapolis neighborhood.

"We already have an arts area developing naturally here, including
[photographer] Wing Young Huie's studio on 38th," said Alan Berks,
communications director of Pillsbury House. "We're going to do 20 arts projects
that involve community participation, foster more arts growth and visibly affect
the corridor."

The Native American Community Development Institute intends to use its $435,000
grant to construct a pedestrian plaza and seating on Franklin Avenue around the
light-rail station. The plans include building an area for performances and a
marketplace for vendors.

"We see this as a catalytic element for one of our main projects, which is the
development of the American Indian Cultural Corridor," said Andy Hestness,
interim president and CEO of the NACDI. "This bridges a lot of gaps, a lot of
fractures in our neighborhood and helps to make it more vibrant."

The projects in the Twin Cities are part of a nationwide effort with 47 grants.
All aim to revitalize communities.

"Art is a smart investment whose returns can be measured in economic impact, in
quality of life and in vibrancy," said ArtPlace director Carol Coletta. "These
investments are in projects that are intensely rich with learning opportunities
for the rest of the nation."

The national effort is being appreciated at the ground level in St. Paul.

"Often, the arts are included in public life late in the process or as an
afterthought," said Christine Podas-Larson, president of Public Art St. Paul,
which normally has a $600,000 to $700,000 budget and 4.5 full-time employees.
"This grant allows us to be at the be upstream in the process and to share what
artists know."

Added Berks of Pillsbury House Theatre: "Artists know about more than lighting a
stage or taking a picture or painting or playing" he said. "This asks artists to
bring their expertise to helping cities and communities be sustainable."

Rohan Preston - 612-673-4390 Twitter: @rohanpreston

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

Niagara University Is a Steadfast Proponent of Affordable, Accessible Higher
Education

LENGTH: 471  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York: Niagara University has issued the following news release:



  For more than 160 years, Niagara University has been committed to providing an
outstanding education that is both affordable and accessible to students from
around the world, with a special focus on those from New York state and Western
New York. Initiatives such as scholarships for students of Niagara and Erie
counties and regional Catholic high schools have enabled thousands of WNY
students realize their dreams of obtaining a bachelor's degree, while supporting
the economic and social revitalization of the area.





 "Niagara University, as a Catholic and Vincentian nonprofit institution, is a
steadfast proponent of accessibility and affordability in higher education,"
said the Rev. James J. Maher, C.M., president. "At Niagara, 98 percent of our
students received nearly $44 million in institutional financial aid during the
2015-2016 academic year, and the university's economic impact on the Western New
York community exceeded $225 million."



 More than 2,000 of NU's 3,168 New York state students come from Erie and
Niagara counties, and its four-year graduation rate is the highest in Western
New York. The majority of its graduates stay in the region, elevating the
Western New York community, workforce, schools, institutions, and families.



 In addition, approximately 1,200 of NU's NYS students received TAP during the
2015-16 school year, totaling nearly $2,700,000.



 Complementing NU's generous financial aid packages is the success students have
in completing their degrees and entering the workplace. Niagara's four-year
graduation rate is the highest in the Buffalo-Niagara region, and in a survey of
recent graduates, 96 percent reported that they were working or were enrolled in
graduate school.



 However, higher education is becoming an increasingly hypercompetitive
marketplace. Students and their families want the best facilities, the best
professors, the best programs, and the best offerings a campus has to offer.
Making these investments takes resources, and institutional leaders must find
balance between many competing factors while ensuring affordability for
students.



 In addition, students seeking a college education may be the first person in
their family to continue an education past high school, and will likely need
help paying for it.



 "As a private, not-for-profit college, we recognize it is our responsibility to
provide affordable opportunities for all New Yorkers and we have stepped up to
the plate to do so," Father Maher said. "We have always had a public/private
partnership with the state and we will continue to work to ensure affordability
while confronting demographic challenges."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 30, 2015 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Thumbs up, thumbs down

BYLINE: The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 704 words


June 30--A dose of execution confusion

As Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor wrote in her dissent, it's "surreal"
that prisoners who challenge the use of a problem-laden lethal-injection
protocol must offer an alternative means of capital punishment.

Nevertheless, a court majority on Monday upheld the use of the three-drug
protocol despite the fact that it fails to protect prisoners from unusual pain
and suffering. Sotomayor went so far as to suggest the five justices in the
majority risked exposing Death Row inmates to "what may well be the chemical
equivalent of being burned at the stake."

This was shown in the execution of Clayton Lockett in Oklahoma a year ago, in
which, after being given the drugs, including the controversial sedative
midazolam, he thrashed and groaned in front of witnesses for 43 minutes before
being pronounced dead. Other states including Florida, Ohio and Arizona have
also used the sedative in executions.

But in a majority opinion authored by Justice Antonin Scalia, the court found
that the petitioners, all Death Row inmates in Oklahoma, had failed to prove the
protocol "entails a substantial risk of severe pain." Scalia also wrote that the
petitioners failed to identify an available alternative, the standard the
Supreme Court set in a case involving lethal injections in 2008.

The more persuasive opinion, however, was that of Justice Stephen G. Breyer who,
along with Ruth Bader Ginsburg, said in their dissent that it was time to
consider a larger issue of "whether the death penalty violates the
Constitution." True enough.

A final word on redistricting

Yet again, an important U.S. Supreme Court decision turned on a single word. In
last week's decision on the Affordable Care Act, the word was "state," and the
issue was whether its use precluded the government from subsidizing health
insurance purchased on the federal exchange. On Monday, the court was asked to
determine whether the word "Legislature" is flexible enough to include all
voters. The answer was, in a word, yes.

The justices rejected Arizona legislators' challenge to an independent
commission, established via a ballot initiative, that draws congressional
district boundaries. California adopted the same system. The idea: Allow voters
to pick their representatives, rather than doing it the other way around.

Arizona lawmakers argued the Constitution grants that power exclusively to state
legislatures, which have a long history of serving the interests of whichever
party is in power. As Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court: "It would
be perverse to interpret the term 'Legislature' in the Elections Clause so as to
exclude lawmaking by the people, particularly where such lawmaking is intended
to check legislators' ability to choose the district lines they run in." Agreed.

Cleaning the air will have to wait

As if this nation's already glacial efforts to deal with greenhouse gases needed
to go any slower. Now this. In another 5-4 decision, the high court found that
the Environmental Protection Agency violated the Clean Air Act when it failed to
take into account the economic impacts of limiting emissions of mercury and
other toxic pollutants from coal-fire power plants. The regulations represented
the most sweeping environmental initiative of the Obama administration.

Twenty states and industry groups had challenged the regulations saying the EPA
should have accounted for the costs, which they argue near $10 billion while
achieving only about $6 million in benefits. The EPA, however, contends the
benefits, including health gains for Americans, would range from $37 billion to
$90 billion annually.

We don't dispute that a cost-benefit analysis is an important ingredient. But it
shouldn't be the prevailing factor, and nothing about this decision leaves the
impression that the court believes it should be either, or that the EPA lacks
the authority to regulate air emissions. The Clean Air Act requires regulations
be "appropriate and necessary." These regulations are still necessary and should
still be on target.

___ (c)2015 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150630-UR-EDITORIAL-Thumbs-up-thumbs-down-0630-20150630

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2015 The Press Democrat


                              820 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                       August 17, 2015 Monday 3:30 PM GMT

North East's success can come with a focus on culture and tourism;
Graham Robb on how the North East economy can be boosted by arts, culture - and
our glorious industrial history

BYLINE: By Graham Robb

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 751 words


I recently visited Beamish Museum at an event organised by the Prince's Trust.

The museum has turned around its fortunes since the recession of 2008. After a
period of being subjected to a rapid change in its funding formula it has moved
away from direct grant to a funding model driven by the success of this unique
venture.

Visitor numbers have doubled, a deficit has been turned into a surplus, staff
numbers have gone up from 170 to 365 and £5.5m has been re-invested. It is now
embarking on an ambitious expansion programme which will add significantly to
the tourist and cultural offering of the North East.

If Beamish can use our past to attract visitors, other initiatives can be used
to tell those visitors about our future. Culture and tourism will be a critical
component of the region's success; they tell the rest of the world who we are,
where we came from and what we care about. They give us the ability to confound
backward looking stereotypes and to speak with confidence about the future.

Two areas of our region are to bid for UK City of Culture status, for two
separate years. Sunderland hopes to attain the status in 2021 and Tees Valley in
2025.

The bids should be welcomed by everyone in the North East as they will draw
attention to so much that is positive and exciting about the region.

The development of the Sunderland bid would come from Sunderland Cultural
Partnership, working with cultural organisations and communities across the
city. The UK City of Culture programme, which runs every four years, was
developed by the Government to build on the success of Liverpool being European
Capital of Culture in 2008 and the Cultural Olympiad in 2012.

Durham Lumiere Festival 2013

Even if the bids are not successful, the development of bids has proved
lucrative elsewhere. Durham's hugely successful Lumiere Festival sprang from its
failed bid, but ploughed £5.8m into its economy and attracted 175,000 visitors
in 2013.

In the Tees Valley the bid coincides with a great national anniversary - the
bicentenary of the first railway; the Darlington Stockton Passenger Railway
inaugurated in 1825. Railways form part of the life story of the North East;
even today we are building trains again with the massive inward investment by
Hitachi at Aycliffe and the impressive retro-steam train manufacturing operation
at the Darlington Locomotive Works.

I hope those planning the Tees Valley bid will look seriously at establishing a
delivery team and a modest budget for the bi-centenary, whether or not the City
of Culture bid is accepted. The bi-centenary is of critical importance to our
area. Too often when the nation celebrates railways, it forgets that Tees Valley
was there from day one.

We are ground zero for mass transportation in the modern age and - even though
the National Railway Museum is in York - Darlington, Stockton and Newcastle
(where the Stephenson works were located) should be at the centre of the
commemoration.

Art and culture are significant drivers in any successful economy. Local
authorities can't often justify spending large sums on them but Government does.
In the forthcoming devolution talks I hope that a significant proportion of arts
money can be devolved. Even if this is not a component of the initial offering,
once we have a Mayor for each LEP area, that person can and should make a case
for culture.

So much of the nation's arts funding goes to big national museums and
collections but when do we ever see our national collections on tour? Museums
with national status have located offshoots in other parts of the UK; the
Imperial War Museum operates museums in Manchester, Portsmouth and Cambridge;
the Tate has galleries in Liverpool and Cornwall. There is a case for some of
our national collection to come to the North East too.

An impressive report was published last month, the 'Case for Culture'. It has
five proposals which could ultimately double the 74,000 jobs we have in the
sector. The report explains the economic impact of culture on the North East:
"Existing research on economic impact shows that the sector is delivering
considerable value for the region. Our creative and cultural industries are
estimated to be generating £755m additional economic impact."

We are one North East with two Local Enterprise Partnerships; backing both the
City of Culture bids is an ideal way of proving that, when we need to, we can
all work together.

Graham Robb is Chair of the Institute of Directors in the North East and senior
partner at Recognition PR.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 9, 2016 Tuesday

New Maxico: NMSU's Arrowhead Center receives elite National Science Foundation
award to create Aggie I-Corps

LENGTH: 456 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Santa Fe: New Mexico State university has issued the following news release:



  Arrowhead Center at New Mexico State University was awarded a three-year,
$300,000 grant last week for the Innovation Corps (I-Corps) Sites program.
I-Corps is a National Science Foundation (NSF) initiative to leverage university
research to create new innovative businesses and increase the economic impact of
inventions created at research institutions around the country.





 NMSU is one of only 51 academic institutions nationwide to be selected as an
I-Corps Site. Other I-Corps Sites include the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, University of Chicago, Carnegie-Mellon University, Purdue
University, UCLA, University of Pennsylvania and other top research
institutions.



 As an I-Corps Site, NMSU will be able to offer Aggie I-Corps, a five-week
program for NMSU students and faculty interested in creating innovative
startups. The program allows for $60,000 to be awarded to teams of NMSU students
and faculty annually for the life of grant. Teams completing Aggie I-Corps can
also gain eligibility to the National NSF I-Corps, which includes a $50,000
award per team. NMSU had five teams win National NSF I-Corps awards in 2015 and
seeks to increase the number of winners with the addition of the I-Corps Site.



 The main goal of Aggie I-Corps is to produce successful startup businesses and
foster commercialization of innovative research. Studio G Director Kramer
Winingham will manage the I-Corps Site and the Aggie I-Corps program.



 "As an I-Corps Site we will be able support the great innovations from NMSU
students and faculty by providing funding, training and access to follow-on
opportunities to bring their innovations to market," Winingham said. "The
I-Corps Site is a huge win for NMSU and Arrowhead - it will serve as a critical
piece in the pipeline for economic development in the region."



 Arrowhead Center was created to be an engine for sustainable economic
development, ultimately improving quality of life in the state of New Mexico.
Under Arrowhead, Studio G was created as NMSU's Student Business Accelerator to
help students start businesses. The recent growth of Studio G - now serving over
150 student entrepreneurs working on more than 80 ventures - was a key factor
for NMSU to be selected as an I-Corps Site.



 "This competitive federal grant represents the recognition of the critical
importance of innovation in the economic future of our nation, and of the
readiness of NMSU to be a major contributor to commercialization and student
entrepreneurship," said Kathy Hansen, director of Arrowhead Center.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Andover Townsman (Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 11, 2013 Thursday

Building dreams at the Sandbox

BYLINE: Judy Wakefield, Andover Townsman, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 700 words


July 11--The sandbox has always been a favorite play spot for kids and one
Andover businessman believes that mimicking the simple, fun scene for grown-ups
is the way to inspire new business ideas.

Gururaj "Desh" Deshpande and his wife, Jaishree, of Fairway Drive, founded The
Merrimack Valley Sandbox, which works with community and education partners to
boost entrepreneurship and leadership development in the Merrimack Valley.

Based in Lowell, Sandbox started in December 2010 after the couple gave $20
million to their Deshpande Foundation, which supports the program.

At its core, Sandbox provides the seed money to help the little guy turn
promising ideas into successful business ventures.

"A little bit different of an innovative idea, that's what we like," Desh
Deshpande said when he recently visited the Townsman with his wife. "That's what
we fund."

A native of India who earned his master's degree and doctorate in Canada,
Deshpande knows what it's like when a business is just starting out. His first
entrepreneurial initiative netted a measly $26.95. He framed the check.

But he has gone on to become a wildly successful venture capitalist and has
founded several companies, including Sycamore Networks.

A life member of the Board of Trustees for Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, where a building is named after him, Deshpande was appointed to
President Barack Obama's National Advisory Council on Innovation and
Entrepreneurship in 2010.

But even with those accomplishments, he's never given up on his passion for
building new ventures, which he says remains the real payoff for him. And he
continues to find the business basics of the Sandbox program appealing.

Deshpande said his foundation's mission is to "strengthen local economies (and)
build leaders and entrepreneurs."

Through his program, aspiring entrepreneurs get help with such things as writing
business plans and filling out grant applications. Their ideas in turn help
communities like Lowell and Lawrence prosper.

"It's about promoting innovative thinking to help create enterprises that have
significant social and economic impact on communities that truly need some
help," he said.

The Sandbox annual pitch contest is a popular element of the program.

Professional storyteller Nicolette Nordin Heavey of Andover was the "fan
favorite" at a Sandbox pitch contest in 2012 and that earned her a $1,250 grant
for her "Stories in the Streets" business.

The grant allowed Heavey to bring her brand of performance story-telling as well
as her colorful rolling cart of books to community gathering spots in Lawrence,
including its farmers market and a playground at North Common. Heavey also gave
a free picture book to every child who listened.

Sandbox has lent its financial support to a long list of projects, including
helping to bring 65 Teach for America instructors to Lawrence this past school
year and recruiting mentors for entrepreneurs just starting out.

The program has funded more than 600 youth entrepreneurs and 350 adult
entrepreneurs. More than 100 successful entrepreneurs volunteer as mentors as
well. Student entrepreneurs are especially applauded in the Sandbox Catalyst
Program.

"We provide connections, support and seed grants to help students try out their
ideas," Deshpande said. "We are the cheerleaders."

The Deshpandes, who have lived in Andover since 1992 and have two adult sons,
ages 27 and 29, have taken the Sandbox model global, with branches in India and
Canada.

Jaishree Deshpande is especially proud of the program's work in her homeland of
India, where a school kitchen was built to feed poor, hungry children who walk
miles to get to class.

"The Sandbox concept helps many people around the world," she said.

Mentors to success

Successful entrepreneurs, executives, investors and technical experts are needed
as mentors for the Merrimack Valley Sandbox program. A three- to five-hour
monthly commitment is required. Mentors will provide support/guidance to help
early-stage entrepreneurs launch their ventures. To apply, visit MVSandbox.org.

___ (c)2013 the Andover Townsman (Andover, Mass.) Visit the Andover Townsman
(Andover, Mass.) at www.andovertownsman.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130711-XA-Building-dreams-at-the-Sandbox-0711-20130711

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XA


                        Copyright 2013 Andover Townsman


                              823 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                North Bay Nugget

                            March 1, 2017 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Thousands in arts funding up for grabs; Program matches sponsorship funding
raised over 10 months

BYLINE: Gord Young, North Bay Nugget

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 437  words


Local arts organizations have been offered the opportunity to tap into a $30,000
fund aimed at creating partnerships with businesses.

Launched last week in North Bay, the artsVest program will provide sponsorship
training and matching incentive grants for local arts and culture organizations.

Run by Business for the Arts, the program works directly with small-to mid-sized
arts organizations, equipping them with indepth training, tools and mentorship
relationships.

With funding support from the Ontario Trillium Foundation and the federal
government, participants can apply for matching grants for every dollar they
raise in sponsorship throughout the 10-month program.

Mayor Al McDonald, who was on hand at the launch, said the city is playing a
supportive role in the program, which came to the city during its pilot year in
2012. He said there are strong local "champions" of arts and culture in the
city.

But they need assistance in building a stronger, more vibrant community, said
McDonald, calling the artsVest program a "powerful tool" for leveraging
private-sector funding.

He said a strong arts and culture community will help attract and retain young
people and have a positive social and economic impact on the city.

McDonald said the city has placed a greater emphasis on arts and culture in
recent years with the devotion of staff resources, hosting round table
discussion and increasing financial support for the Capitol Centre. He said the
city also earmarked $50,000 in its budget to help transform CBACH (Co-ordinating
Body of Arts Culture Heritage) into Creative Industries -a more stable and
sustainable operation that will support local arts and culture. The group plans
to match the city contribution and leverage those funds to help support local
initiatives.

"Business for the Arts is thrilled to be bringing the artsVest program back to
North Bay," said Aida Aydinyan, vice-president of Business for the Arts. "The
generous funding and support from the Ontario Trillium Foundation, the
Government of Canada and the City of North Bay speaks volumes to the importance
and power of building relationships between the sectors. We look forward to
seeing the incredible impact these arts organizations and businesses will have
in the city over the next year."

In 2012, the artsVest program helped five local arts organizations create 20
business partnerships. Matching funds of more than $37,000 generated more than
$98,000 in private sector sponsorships and resulted in an investment impact of
more than $135,000 to North Bay's cultural economy. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Osprey
Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 North Bay Nugget
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                            January 26, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Diversification needed now

BYLINE: Dave Paulson, The Citizen

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 386  words


The connection between two separate stories on The Citizen's Thursday front page
was difficult to miss.

The problem was spelled out in one story; a possible solution in the other.

A rather stark peek into the future was given by the Canadian Forest Service as
it released economic impact forecasts for communities affected by the pine
beetle epidemic.

Above it, the other story announced the Northern Trust's $32-million fund from
which towns can draw to help diversify their economy to offset the effects of
the beetle's devastation.

The reality is many jobs will disappear in the forest industry in the years
ahead. And the more forestry-dependent the community, the greater the impact.

It means, generally, that smaller communities will be hit a lot harder than
Prince George.

Perhaps no community in B.C. is more closely tied to forestry than Quesnel. When
all of the beetle-killed timber is harvested a few years from now, the Canadian
Forest Service warns of possibly 3,000 lost jobs in Quesnel for an employment
decline of 24 per cent, and with a 36-per-cent drop in the area's net regional
product -- the value the goods and services produced there.

Even under a best-case scenario, the CFS sees 1,000 forestry jobs disappearing
in Quesnel -- an eight-per-cent decline.

The impact is expected to be similar in Houston and Burns Lake. In Prince
George, a loss of 2,900 jobs -- five per cent -- is realistic.

That's the bad news.

The good news, and possible life preserver for the smaller towns, is the
Northern Trust's pine beetle account. Known formally as the Northern Development
Initiative Trust, the Northern Trust was established with $185 million from the
B.C. government's $1-billion sale of B.C. Rail.

Communities are being asked to apply for grants and loans to be used for
diversification of local economies. When the forestry jobs disappear, the
strategy is to create jobs in other industries.

The writing has been on the wall for north-central communities for a couple of
years that the pine beetle would alter the way of life in small towns in
particular.

Diversify, diversify, diversify has been the mantra, but saying it is infinitely
easier than pulling it off.

Now with $32 million on the table, the incentive for communities to put plans
together is sitting in front of them.

Their survival might depend on it.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                  September 17, 2003 Wednesday Ontario Edition

United Way sets $82.5M target

BYLINE: Frank Calleja, Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 399 words


The bigger the challenge, the better the leadership needs to be.

That's the message Red and Brenda Wilson, and Vizma and Eric Sprott want to get
across to folks who can afford to dig a little deeper to help meet the record
$82.5 million target set for this year's United Way of Greater Toronto campaign.

To encourage a spirit of giving, the Wilsons will provide as much as $1 million
in matching funds for first-time donations of $1,000 or more to support United
Way programs and services. The Wilsons' offer applies to private gifts, as
opposed to corporate.

And for the fourth consecutive year, the Sprotts will match, up to $150,000,
donations of $1,000 and more. The collection will go toward the United Way of
Oakville's endowment project, the Tomorrow Fund.

Red Wilson, chair of the board at Nortel Networks Corporation and a co-chair in
1997 of the Centraide-United Way Montreal campaign, said he understands the
importance of the agency's work for seniors, families, the homeless, children
and abused women.

"Toronto has had a rough ride this year because of the war in Iraq, SARS, the
blackout and the resulting economic impact," Wilson said. "Thousands of families
are feeling the hurt and the community has to help."

The Toronto United Way supports 200 social service agencies.

Through his experience with the Montreal campaign, Wilson said he noted that
individuals who became "leadership" donors (contributing $1,000 or more) also
took a greater interest in United Way campaigns at their businesses.

Wilson added there is no better way to help a variety of social and community
services than by supporting United Way, which aims to raise $4 million more in
Toronto than last year's $78.5 million target. The 2002 campaign exceeded that
goal, raising $81 million.

Eric Sprott, chair and CEO of Sprott Securities Inc., and Vizma Sprott, owner of
Bookers, a bookstore on Lakeshore Rd. in Oakville, said the community has been
good to them and they want to return the kindness.

The Sprotts will match first-time gifts of $1,000 or more. They will also match
any increase, 10 per cent and higher, in renewed leadership gifts.

For details on the Red and Brenda Wilson Leadership Challenge Grant, call
416-777-2001, ext.331. To inquire about the Sprotts' initiative, call the United
Way of Oakville at 905-845-5571.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              826 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 2, 2015 Wednesday

Virginia: Big Stone Gap: A Love Letter to Southwest Virginia

LENGTH: 440 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: Virginia's Community Colleges has issued the following news release:



 Winding mountain roads, sounds of bluegrass music, ubiquitous coal mines,
lifelong friendships and buttermilk biscuits. Big Stone Gap is a story beaming
with Virginia pride.





 Adriana Trigiani, herself a Big Stone Gap native, penned the best-selling novel
and directed the movie. In an interview with Jeff Wilson at the Phoenix Film
Festival, Trigiani described the project as a labor of love.



 &ldquo;The reason it took so long to get this film made is because I insisted
it be made there, because I believe that films are living art forms,&rdquo; said
Trigiani.



 I went to see the film the day it opened nationwide. I arrived fairly early and
was surprised to see the theater packed with people, most of whom appeared to be
in their 60s. Some, I thought, were probably even older. And, based on the
frequent ooh-ings and ah-ings I heard (typically in response to the vivid and
sweeping landscapes that figured prominently throughout the film), you could
tell the audience was enamored with the movie. The rural imagery was, at times,
breath-taking.



 Set in 1978, Big Stone Gap is a tale of family secrets and the journey one
women undertakes to find her true self. That woman is Ave Maria Mulligan (played
by Ashley Judd) - the owner of the local pharmacy and the town's favorite
&ldquo;old maid.&rdquo; Patrick Wilson, who, like Trigiani also hails from Big
Stone Gap, plays Jack the coal miner and Whoopi Goldberg portrays Fleeta,
Mulligan's employee and confidante.



 The most important character though may have been the town itself - where
Trigiani and her siblings were raised. Coincidentally, Trigiani's sister - Pia
Trigiani - is the co-chair of the Rural Virginia Horseshoe Initiative steering
committee.



 BSG photo 1



 Big Stone Gap native Adriana Trigiani (second from right) wrote the
best-selling novel and directed the film .



 In an effort to ensure the film would be made in the town that bears its name,
the state set aside more than $1MM in incentives for the project. The production
company received a $600,000 grant from the Governor's Motion Picture Opportunity
Fund and a $500,000 grant from the Virginia Tobacco Commission.



 Virginia Film Office Director Andy Edmunds estimates the economic impact from
the making of Big Stone Gap to be in excess of $4.5 million. Future revenues
tied to the expected influx of tourists have not yet been calculated.



 Big Stone Gap is expected to be available on DVD in early February 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                              May 29, 2012 Tuesday

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; D; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 559  words


Sharpless honored

CHAPEL HILL - Norman "Ned" Sharpless, associate director for translational
research at UNC Chapel Hill's Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center, has been
appointed the Wellcome Distinguished Professor in Cancer Research.

The professorship was established by the School of Medicine in 1988 with gifts
from the Burroughs Wellcome Fund and the William A. Smith Trust.

Three NCCU students selected

DURHAM - Three N.C. Central University graduate students have been selected as
state Schweitzer Fellows for 2012-13.

The three are among 250 Schweitzer Fellows across the country engaged in
conceptualizing and delivering health-care and social services in underserved
communities.

Tiarra Green and Courtney Williams, students at NCCU's College of Social and
Behavioral Sciences, will work with preteen girls in Durham through theater and
peer-learning workshops to promote the girls' health and academic performance.

Iyanna Henry, a law student, has developed a mentoring and self-esteem program
for minority middle-school boys to encourage academic excellence and expose them
to the legal profession as a career option.

The program will be conducted at the law school and will involve 14 boys from
Durham Nativity School, a private school for boys from low-income families.

The Schweitzer program was founded in 1940, originally to further the medical
missionary work of Dr. Albert Schweitzer in Africa.

UNC professor gets grants

CHAPEL HILL - UNC Chapel Hill public policy professor Ashu Handa has won two
research grants, each worth $634,000 over two years, to evaluate social cash
transfer programs in Malawi and Zimbabwe.

The grants were awarded by the International Initiative for Impact Evaluation,
an organization devoted to improving lives in low- and middle-income countries
through better policies, programs and projects based on results from impact
studies.

Handa was one of 220 applicants for the 10 grants awarded and won two of them.
In both Malawi and Zimbabwe, Handa will investigate the economic impact of
government direct cash payments to poor families on the households and the local
community.

Hotz wins honor

DURHAM - Duke University mechanical engineer Nico Hotz has earned a Ralph E.
Powe Junior Faculty Enhancement Award from the Oak Ridge Associated
Universities.

The award funds scientists in their first two years of a tenure track position,
providing them with seed money to enhance their research at the early stages of
their career.

Hotz joined Duke in 2010. His research focuses on the transfer of heat at the
micro and nanoscale and how that affects systems used in solar energy and
renewable fuels.

Hotz is one of 30 winners of the 2012-2013 Powe award. He will receive a $5,000
grant from ORAU and matching funds from Duke.

NCCU student inducted

DURHAM - Sharif Thompson, a resident of Durham and a student at N.C. Central
University, has been inducted into Phi Eta Sigma National Honor Society.

Membership in the society is only for students who earn grade point averages of
3.5 or above during at least one semester of their freshman year.

Phi Eta Sigma is one of the oldest honor societies in the country. Its purpose
is to encourage and reward academic excellence of first-year students. Thompson
was one of 101 students inducted from NCCU.

Send university news to Neil Offen at noffen@heraldsun.com or telephone
919-419-6646.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 29, 2014 Thursday

Wisconsin: $250,000 State Grant Will Help Re-Open Vacant Grocery Store in
Florence County

LENGTH: 689  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC) has awarded a $250,000
grant to Florence County to help re-open a grocery store that has been vacant
for more than seven years.

The lack of a full-service grocery store has been an impediment to economic
development in the county and has been an issue in recruiting potential
employees, state and county officials say. It also has resulted in half of the
county being declared a "food desert" by the federal government.

After several years of trying to fill the vacant Haberkorn's grocery store,
Pat's Foods, an Upper Peninsula grocery chain agreed to take over the building
and open a new store. The county in March created a Tax Incremental Financing
(TIF) District to help fund the project, and the WEDC grant provided the final
piece of the necessary funding.

The new grocery store, a $1.2 million project, is expected to open in June.

"Not only does this project fill a critical need for the residents of Florence
County, but it has a significant economic impact as well," said Lieutenant
Governor Rebecca Kleefisch, who was in Florence today to announce the state
grant. "The new store will create about 20 new jobs, and it establishes a
downtown anchor that could lead to additional retail growth."

The state funding is part of WEDC's Community Development Investment Grant
Program, which supports community development and redevelopment
efforts--primarily in downtown areas--throughout the state.

"We are pleased to play a key role to bringing a much-needed resource to
Florence County," said Reed Hall, secretary and CEO of WEDC, who joined
Kleefisch in making the announcement in Florence. "Our Community Development
Investment Grant Program is helping communities and counties all over the state
with projects like this that will provide a shot in the arm to the local
economy."

State and county officials say the project is a prime example of how public and
private entities can work together on initiatives that provide a significant
benefit to the community.

"Economic development and job creation doesn't happen in Madison," Hall said.
"And it can't happen without strong partnerships like this one. The state, the
county and private business worked hand in hand to make this happen."

"Having a full-service grocery store open again is an important step for
Florence County," said County Chairperson Jeanette Bomberg. "It will help boost
our economy. It will create jobs, improve our internal and external image,
increase the tax base and help spur new retail growth. But more importantly we
will have fresh fruits and meats to purchase locally."

"The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation and the State of Wisconsin sent
a message that rural counties do matter--and for that we are so grateful," she
added.

Ben Campioni, owner of Pat's Foods, said the company had been considering
reopening the store in Florence for the last five years. But financially the
project was not feasible until Florence County Economic Development Director
Wendy Gehlhoff told the company about WEDC's new Community Development
Investment Grant Program and submitted an application on our behalf, said
Campioni. Campioni also owns and operates grocery stores under the Pat's Foods
name in the Upper Peninsula communities of Houghton, Hancock, Calumet,
Ontonagon, and L'Anse.

"We will strive to be an asset to Florence and the surrounding area by providing
products and services needed by the residents and seasonal visitors," Campioni
said. "We take part in the communities we serve by giving back to the towns and
local charities generously, and we base our business around being "hometown
proud.'"

The new grocery store is the latest example of the increased economic
development taking place in Florence County.

A new Family Dollar Store is being planned in downtown Florence for late 2014,
and Florence Hardwoods LLC is in the middle of an expansion project in the
industrial park. All three of these new projects are benefiting from the
county's newly created TIF District.

For further information please visit:
http://www.inwisconsin.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Wisconsin: $250,000 State Grant Will Help Re-Open Vacant Grocery Store in
Florence County

LENGTH: 815  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC) has awarded a $250,000
grant to Florence County to help re-open a grocery store that has been vacant
for more than seven years.

The lack of a full-service grocery store has been an impediment to economic
development in the county and has been an issue in recruiting potential
employees, state and county officials say. It also has resulted in half of the
county being declared a "food desert" by the federal government.

After several years of trying to fill the vacant Haberkorn's grocery store,
Pat's Foods, an Upper Peninsula grocery chain agreed to take over the building
and open a new store. The county in March created a Tax Incremental Financing
(TIF) District to help fund the project, and the WEDC grant provided the final
piece of the necessary funding.

The new grocery store, a $1.2 million project, is expected to open in June.

"Not only does this project fill a critical need for the residents of Florence
County, but it has a significant economic impact as well," said Lieutenant
Governor Rebecca Kleefisch, who was in Florence today to announce the state
grant. "The new store will create about 20 new jobs, and it establishes a
downtown anchor that could lead to additional retail growth."

The state funding is part of WEDC's Community Development Investment Grant
Program, which supports community development and redevelopment
efforts--primarily in downtown areas--throughout the state.

"We are pleased to play a key role to bringing a much-needed resource to
Florence County," said Reed Hall, secretary and CEO of WEDC, who joined
Kleefisch in making the announcement in Florence. "Our Community Development
Investment Grant Program is helping communities and counties all over the state
with projects like this that will provide a shot in the arm to the local
economy."

State and county officials say the project is a prime example of how public and
private entities can work together on initiatives that provide a significant
benefit to the community.

"Economic development and job creation doesn't happen in Madison," Hall said.
"And it can't happen without strong partnerships like this one. The state, the
county and private business worked hand in hand to make this happen."

"Having a full-service grocery store open again is an important step for
Florence County," said County Chairperson Jeanette Bomberg. "It will help boost
our economy. It will create jobs, improve our internal and external image,
increase the tax base and help spur new retail growth. But more importantly we
will have fresh fruits and meats to purchase locally."

"The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation and the State of Wisconsin sent
a message that rural counties do matter--and for that we are so grateful," she
added.

Ben Campioni, owner of Pat's Foods, said the company had been considering
reopening the store in Florence for the last five years. But financially the
project was not feasible until Florence County Economic Development Director
Wendy Gehlhoff told the company about WEDC's new Community Development
Investment Grant Program and submitted an application on our behalf, said
Campioni. Campioni also owns and operates grocery stores under the Pat's Foods
name in the Upper Peninsula communities of Houghton, Hancock, Calumet,
Ontonagon, and L'Anse.

"We will strive to be an asset to Florence and the surrounding area by providing
products and services needed by the residents and seasonal visitors," Campioni
said. "We take part in the communities we serve by giving back to the towns and
local charities generously, and we base our business around being "hometown
proud.'"

The new grocery store is the latest example of the increased economic
development taking place in Florence County.

A new Family Dollar Store is being planned in downtown Florence for late 2014,
and Florence Hardwoods LLC is in the middle of an expansion project in the
industrial park. All three of these new projects are benefiting from the
county's newly created TIF District.

About the Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation

The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC) leads economic development
efforts for the state by advancing Wisconsin's business climate. WEDC nurtures
business growth and job creation by providing resources, technical support and
financial assistance to companies, partners and communities in Wisconsin. WEDC
has four focus areas: business and industry development, economic and community
development, entrepreneurship and innovation and international business
development. Together with more than 600 regional and local business development
partners, it represents a highly responsive and coordinated network. Visit
www.inwisconsin.com or follow WEDC on Twitter  @_InWisconsin to learn more.

For further information please visit:
http://www.inwisconsin.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  Diss Express

                             October 5, 2012 Friday

Forum aims to boost tourism

LENGTH: 368  words


THE chairman of a new community forum set up to promote tourism in the Waveney
Valley is determined to stop the area from being "just somewhere you drive
through."

The Waveney Valley Tourism Forum, headed by Ben Potterton, owner of Blacksmiths
Cottage Nursery in Langmere, aims to promote businesses along the river,
identify local tourist attractions and support the area's range of accommodation
and food producers.

Set up as the second phase of the Waveney Valley Identity Project, more than 50
local projects have already received grants from The Rural Development Programme
for England funded by Defra and the EU, including a project by South Norfolk,
Mid Suffolk and Waveney District Councils which saw the introduction of new road
signs with the Waveney Valley logo.

Mr Potterton, said: "Many people consider that the Waveney Valley is simply a
series of roundabouts between Scole and Dickleburgh, that make the journey up
the A140 a little slower, giving little consideration to the historic villages,
tourist attractions and market towns that sit in a picturesque and distinctive
landscape. It is easy to forget that an attraction like Blooms of Bressingham,
draws 100,000 visitors annually to the valley and people don't consider the
economic impact that it has on local petrol stations, shops, pubs and bed and
breakfasts."

The tourism forum is made up of representatives from each of the seven market
towns, Diss, Harleston, Eye, Bungay, Beccles, Halesworth and Loddon, the
district councils, and other people who have an interest in the area.

"Often we don't realise what is over the hedge," added Mr Potterton. "If we can
get businesses working together our local economy would improve dramatically."

As part of the initiative, a Waveney Valley Food and Drink Festival will be
launched at Bungay Castle tomorrow and Sunday from 10am. The free event will
showcase some of the area's best producers with a range of stalls and creative
kitchen demonstrations with Robert Oberhoffer of The Dove Restaurant in Alburgh,
among the chefs.

Other projects in the pipeline include a tourism conference in November, and Mr
Potterton hopes the food festival will come to either Diss or Harleston next
year.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDEP


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Mirror (Pahrump, Nevada)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 15, 2015

Pahrump public transportation plan launched;
Presentation now set for county commission

BYLINE: The Mirror staff

LENGTH: 700  words


Anyone in need of a public transportation system in the Pahrump Valley is being
asked to support a plan being created by the Pahrump Transportation Committee. A
presentation will be given during the Nye County Commission's Tuesday, January
20 meeting at the Commissioners Chambers located at the Calvada Eye. The
presentation is scheduled for 1:30 p.m. and is expected to be the first item to
be heard after the lunch break. During what has been described as an amazing
week, Elko County Transportation Coordinator Abagail Wheeler visited Pahrump in
December to help finalize a business plan for a public transportation system in
the valley. In addition to meetings with county manager Pam Webster and hours
spent in workshops to develop the plan, the committee created a draft which was
unveiled during the special meeting on Thursday, January 8.

Southern Mobility Manager Albert Bass has been the driving force behind the
public transportation issue since taking on the position in March of last year.
As he only has one year in the position, Bass has been diligently working on the
project, coordinating efforts to make transportation a reality. With a business
plan in place, the initiative will be able to solicit companies, corporations
and industries for support while also being able to apply for grants and other
funding. The Thursday meeting was attended by Webster as well as county
comptroller Amy Fanning and the county grants writer who offered advice and
critiqued the proposal.

"Transportation is a lifeline. Without the ability to reach jobs, healthcare,
educational programs, social outings, recreation and other community support
services, it is difficult for the citizens to fully participate in community
life," the Nye County Public Transportation Plan stated in introduction.
"Individuals can't find a job if they can't reach a job. Creating affordable
transportation options will allow more individuals to access jobs, therefore
reducing the demand on state and local human health and service programs," the
plan read. In addition, the plan introduction stated that without routine
healthcare, residents could not avoid medical costs.

With nearly three years of meetings, workshops, studies and plans under its
belt, the transportation committee and Bass would tackle any issues that needed
to be worked out until a federal grant being applied for was disbursed in
October. According to the plan, once the grant became available, it would take
an estimated six months to get a public transportation system up and running.
The grant requirements can also be met with in-kind services such as parking for
the buses, maintenance and storage, as well as other options. Under
administrative assistance, the county would be reimbursed for 80 percent of its
cost and an additional 80 percent for any facilities if a transit coordinator
was to use county facilities.

In addition, Bass had more good news to report, stating that he had been in
contact with Community Transportation Association of America Assistant Director
Charles Rutkowski, coordinator for a technical assistance grant which he had
applied for recently. "He told me, 'Albert, yes we'll be able to provide you
with short-term technical assistance. We'll be in touch in coming weeks to
schedule a visit.' This program is not a financial award, however it is a
technical assistance award. There is no match or funding required by us, the
receiver," he said. "In the 26-year history of this program, never has a rural
county in the State of Nevada applied for assistance under this program. We were
the first and I am very happy to report back to you that as of this morning I
received this email from the assistant director of the program. This is a major
and very valued award for us, if we have the approval to move forward. One of
the requirements of the program is the willingness of the community."

The proposed system could have a projected economic impact of $1.1 million
across the county and is expected to have, "wheels on the ground" by April of
next year if all goes well.

For more information call Bass at (775) 537-2795 or email abass@nvrsvp.com

Contact author Genesee Martin by emailing genny.themirror@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PAH

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2015 The Mirror (Pahrump, Nevada)


                              832 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                January 29, 2014

Food Security - N14 Billion FG Grant Needs Technology Boost

BYLINE: Emmanuel Elebeke

LENGTH: 1082 words


The recent pronouncement of N14 billion grants for dry season farming by federal
government, undoubtedly, is a welcome development, considering that such special
grant was unprecedented, especially, when it is targeted at boosting the chances
of Nigeria in achieving food sufficiency, particularly in rice production as
planed by the federal government.

But how far this grant will go remains unclear, given that the Presidency is
still withholding the bio-safety bill passed by the National Assembly, which is
expected to arm Nigerians farmers with the latest technological tools and inputs
to compete favourably with the food producing majors across the globe.

The bill is one of the bills passed by the National Assembly that have been
gathering dust on the desk of President Jonathan.

Although President Goodluck Jonathan has set up a committee to vet the long
awaited biosafety bill as passed by the National Assembly before he could sign
it into law, the new law is expected to usher in a new era in the deployment of
biotechnology to boost food production, ensure food security and reduce the high
incidence of food importation.

Participants at the 10th anniversary of African Agricultural Technology
Foundation, AATF seminar held in Abuja recently said, Nigeria's dream of
achieving food sufficiency in 2015 will be a mirage, unless the country adopts
biotechnology in the agric sector.

To achieve these goals, they were of the view that President needs to sign into
law, the bio-safety bill currently before him, which they believe would open a
new vista for massive production of food for local consumption and export,
irrespective of other reforms going on in the sector.

Agricultural biotechnology is the application of technology to agriculture to
make, modify or improve on a product for the benefit of mankind.

When the bill is signed into law, it is expected that Nigeria with vast arable
land and so many agricultural potentials would benefit more, as it would make a
significant economic impact on the populace by contributing immensely to job
creation, wealth creation, eradication of hunger and malnutrition.

Farmers on their part, experts say, would not require special skills or training
to key into the benefits of the initiative, as they are the end users of the
agricultural biotechnology product otherwise called Genetically Modified
Organisms, GMOs; such as seeds and plantlets, which are the same as conventional
crops.

Speakers at the seminar said the introduction of GM foods processing system in
Nigeria would multiply food production that would ensure food security, improve
nutritive value of food, improve agricultural practices by minimizing use of
chemicals such as herbicides and pesticides.

GMOs are organisms in which the genetic material, DNA has been altered in a way
that does not occur naturally.

The technology is often called gene technology and allows selected individual
genes to be transferred from one organism into another, also between related
species. It is this method that is used to create GM plants, which are used to
grow GM food crops.

While, announcing the N14 billion grants during the inauguration of the dry
season farm support programme held at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, President
Goodluck Jonathan said the sum was reviewed upward by 56 per cent from N9bn
earmarked for the programme in 2013 because more states were now part of it and
promised to increase the financial support as more states keyed into the
project.

According to him, the resolve to expand this dry season programme stemmed from
federal government's commitment to ensure that farmers from October get what
they need before the commencement of the dry season.

Jonathan said he would expand the Growth Enhancement Scheme to reach more
farmers, adding that sometime this year, the federal government would launch a
fund for small and medium scale farmers.

He admitted that agriculture remained the largest contributor to the nation's
Gross Domestic Product and the largest employer of labour.

"Our nation shall be green, our barns shall be filled and our farmers shall
prosper," Jonathan said.

On his part, the Minister of State for Agriculture, Alhaji Bukar Tijani said he
believed that biotechnology has the strong potential to achieve sufficient food
for every Nigerian, one of the aims of the transformation agenda of the present
adminis-tration, which is to ensure food security for all Nigerian.

"The African Agricultural Technology Foundation, AATF, through its synergy with
NABDA does not only ensure food security, but ensures the local farmers utilize
appropriate technologies such as biotechnology. One of their key projects in
Nigeria is the development of nitrogen-use, water efficient and salt tolerant
rice. This is key because Nigeria is the second largest importer of rice in the
world, about two million metric tons of rice from countries like Thailand and
China. The project would ensure Nigeria is self sufficient in the production of
rice and would boost the countries revenue," he added.

The Director-General of NABDA and Chairman, Open Forum for Agricul-tural
Biotechnology, Professor Bamidele Solomon said though, he believed in the
ability of President Goodluck Jonathan in sign the bill into law soon to ensure
food security in the country, there was need to prioritise the importance in
order to fast-track the high food yielding process.

According to him, the new law will usher in a new era in the deployment of
biotechnology to boost food production, ensure food security and reduce the high
incidence of food importation. Food production will soon take an upward swing

He said, "Having a law will ensure the safe use of modern biotechnology while
protecting human health, the environment and national biodiversity.

"It will also facilitate risk assessment exercises, monitoring and enforcement
measures relevant to import, export, trans-boundary move-ment of the products of
modern biotechnology, laboratory and field testing/use of modern biotechnology
including handling, containment disposal, control, monitoring and release of
biotech products.

"Therefore, biotechnology research will be given the opportunity to thrive as
soon as the bio-safety framework is in place. It will soon be signed into law."

The global convention by which the world keeps watch over biosafety issues is
the Convention on Biological Diversity, CBD. Health of Mother Earth Foundation,
HOMEF recently hosted an interaction around this convention between experts and
farmers.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              833 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Clover Herald (South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 23, 2009 Monday

Albemarle reduces police funding

BYLINE: Scott Shenk, The Daily Progress, Charlottesville, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 536 words


Feb. 23--Albemarle County has worked for years to increase police department
staffing, but not this year.

The recommended budget for the upcoming fiscal year would give the department
less money than this fiscal year. The current budget stands at $12.58 million.
The recommended budget is $12.578 million. A small cut of just more than $2,000,
but a cut nonetheless. Charlottesville police this year would get an increase of
nearly half a million dollars, after receiving a cut in funding the prior year,
according to the city's recommended budget.

Albemarle police have prepared for the funding crunch.

"There's no new initiatives," said Lt. Todd Hopwood. "And there's no new
positions. ... We've cut back a lot of our positions."

The tight budget also affects training -- to the point, Hopwood said, that the
department is "counting bullets."

Hopwood realizes the department isn't the only county agency struggling in these
tough economic times.

The wide-ranging economic impact is clear in County Executive Robert W. Tucker
Jr.'s budget recommendation, which is $26 million lighter than the current
budget.

Board of Supervisors Chairman David L. Slutzky realizes that times are tough,
but said he isn't happy that the police department remains understaffed.

"Now is not the time to short our public safety," he said. "I think it's
imprudent for the county to keep the police department under-funded at this
time."

The department has 120 sworn officers (with one serving in Iraq). Three open
positions are frozen.

The county's Comprehensive Plan has set as a goal to have 1.5 officers per 1,000
residents. To reach that target, the department would need to have 141 sworn
officers.

A recent efficiency study for Albemarle pointed out that funding for the police
department was low when compared with departments in similar jurisdictions.

Supervisor Dennis S. Rooker said this is the first time in his eight years on
the board that it didn't add new positions for the police department. He said
the board has never decreased the budget.

He and Slutzky said the economy has made this a difficult budget season.

"Every department is being cut," Rooker said.

County police likely will receive less funding from the state, too. And, Hopwood
said, federal grants have dried up.

The federal stimulus plan potentially could pump money into local public safety
operations.

Slutzky said tough economic times could lead to increased crime. Coupled with
the staffing issues of the department, that worries him.

Rooker praised the police and said resident surveys show they are doing a good
job.

"We have a job, I think, that's being well done by our police department,"
Rooker said.

The board will hold a public hearing on the budget recommendation at 6 p.m.
Wednesday at the County Office Building on McIntire Road.

To see more of The Daily Progress or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyprogress.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Daily Progress,
Charlottesville, Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090223-CV-Albemarle-reduces-police-funding-0223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CV


               Copyright 2009 The Clover Herald (South Carolina)


                              834 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                       July 12, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

MBDA Recognizes 2014 National MED Week Award Winners

LENGTH: 1416  words


July 12 -- The U.S. Department of Commerce's Minority Business Development
Agency (MBDA) today announced the 2014 National Minority Enterprise Development
(MED) Week Award winners - 13 organizations, businesses and individuals who have
demonstrated leadership and commitment in advancing the minority business
community. MBDA will honor the winners during a special ceremony at the annual
MED Week Conference on August 1 in Washington, D.C.



"This year's MED Week awardees exemplify growth, diversity and transformation,
and are true champions for the minority business community," said Alejandra Y.
Castillo, MBDA National Director. "We're very proud of their tremendous
achievements in helping grow the national economy through innovation, job and
wealth creation."

Winners were selected for the following awards: Abe Venable Legacy Award for
Lifetime Achievement; Ronald H. Brown Leadership Award; Champions of Minority
Business Development; and Minority-Owned Firms. The awards are designed to
celebrate and recognize outstanding achievements of minority entrepreneurs based
on the challenges the business has overcome, total revenues, total jobs created
and the economic impact the business has had on their community. MBDA also
recognizes individuals and organizations that have demonstrated leadership and
commitment in advancing the minority business community.

The following are the 2014 National Minority Enterprise Development Award
winners:

* Abe Venable Legacy Award for Lifetime Achievement is being presented to
Michael A. Grant, President of the National Bankers Association. This award is
granted to an individual who has played an integral role in the creative,
technical or professional progress of minority business development over the
course of his/her life. Grant has served as president of the National Bankers
Association (NBA) since 2008. Under his leadership, the NBA has expanded its
advocacy for Minority Depository Institutions (MDI), and Grant has helped
increase the group's sustainability and influence in strategic partnerships.

* Abe Venable Legacy Award for Lifetime Achievement is being posthumously
presented to Henry T. "Hank" Wilfong, Jr. Wilfong, Jr. was an advocate for small
businesses for over 20 years. In 1987, he founded the National Association of
Small and Disadvantaged Business (NASDB), which continues to seek the full
involvement of minority-owned high-tech firms in mainstream American business.

* Ronald H. Brown Leadership Award is being presented to Michael K. Robinson,
Program Director for Global Supplier Diversity International Business Machines,
Corporation (IBM). This award recognizes individuals who have shown exceptional
leadership and achieved significant success in creating diversity in the public
or private sector. The award was inspired by the outstanding leadership of the
late U.S. Secretary of Commerce Ronald H. Brown. For more than 23 years,
Robinson has helped IBM with supplier diversity initiatives through mentoring,
development and education in various countries.

Champions of Minority Business Development:

* Advocate of the Year Award is being presented to Sue Au Allen, Esq., National
President and CEO of the U.S. Pan Asian American Chamber of Commerce (USPAACC).
This award is presented to an individual or organization that has demonstrated
significant accomplishment in advocating minority business enterprise as an
economic force in the global economy. Allen has demonstrated a steadfast
commitment to promoting small business development at every level within the
Asian American business community throughout the United States.

* Advocate of the Year Award is being presented to Lance C. Morgan. As the CEO
for Ho-Chunk, Inc., an economic development corporation for the Winnebago Tribe
of Nebraska, Morgan has directed the development of 30 subsidiaries with
operations throughout the U.S. and in five foreign countries.

* Distinguished Supplier Diversity Award is being presented to Diane G. Dempsey,
Director, Socio-Economic Business Programs, BAE Systems Intelligence & Security.
This award is presented to an individual or organization whose business
practices have had a significant impact on the growth and development of
minority-owned firms. Dempsey's career spans over 30 years in the procurement,
subcontracts and supplier diversity fields.  She's become a leader in supplier
diversity through her dedication and commitment to supporting organizations that
advocate diverse suppliers, and serves as an instrument in bridging the existing
gaps in industry related to small business utilization.

* Access to Capital Award is being presented to Ronald Newsome, Director of
Stonehenge Capital Company, LLC (Stonehenge). This award is presented to an
individual or organization who has demonstrated outstanding leadership in the
financial community by providing working or investment capital to minority-owned
businesses. Newsome's dedication in fundraising, deal sourcing, investment
evaluations and closing negotiations for community service businesses, have
greatly contributed to Stonehenge's ability to help underserved markets that
impacted minority job and wealth creation opportunities nationally.

* Media Award is being presented to Armando Guzman, Perspectiva Nacional Anchor,
Entravision Communications. This award is presented to a print, broadcast or
radio media organization that has achieved notable success in advancing public
awareness of the positive impact of minority-owned businesses on the global
economy. For two decades, Guzman has covered the White House, the U.S. Congress
and many important news stories in our nation's capital; his journalistic work
has been recognized as a factor in giving Spanish language television news
credibility and respect in United States and Latin America.

Minority-Owned Firms:

* Minority Retail Energy Firm of the Year is being presented to Hightower
Petroleum Company (HPC). This award is presented to a minority-owned firm in the
energy industry that has achieved notable success in providing quality products
and services that resulted in improvement of the environment, proficiency, and
customer satisfaction. Since 1957, the Hightower family has continued to operate
as a privately-held corporation in various business endeavors. With foresight
and continued innovation, HPC developed a "Virtual Marketplace" throughout the
U.S. with the ability to provide gasoline, diesel, biodiesel, ethanol,
lubricants, oils, and greases nationally.

* Minority Manufacturer of the Year is being presented to Detroit Manufacturing
Systems, LLC (DMS). This award is presented to a minority-owned firm that has
achieved significant success in employing new and innovative techniques that led
to a significant increase in market share, job growth and customer satisfaction.
DMS, which currently has more than 700 employees, develops state-of-the-art
automotive interior systems. Utilizing the latest technologies, it assembles and
manufactures injection molded interior trim components for global automotive
brands, all with a firm commitment to quality and efficiency.

* Minority Manufacturer of the Year is being presented to Ruiz Food Products,
Inc. Fred Ruiz cofounded Ruiz Food Products, Inc., with his father Louis in a
small warehouse in Tulare, Ca. in 1964. The company is now celebrating its 50th
anniversary, and employs 2,300 people. Ruiz Food Products, Inc., has three
manufacturing facilities - in Dinuba, Calif., Tulare, Calif., and Denison, Texas
- and recently purchased another facility in Florence County, S.C.

* Minority Construction Firm of the Year is being presented to Venegas
Engineering Management & Construction (VEMAC). This award is presented to a
minority-owned firm that has achieved outstanding success in private or public
sector construction projects and has exhibited revenue and job growth over a
sustained period of time. In 2008, VEMAC was named the fastest growing Hispanic
business in the country by Hispanic Business Magazine. VEMAC substantially
increased its sales, staff and contracting base, specifically seeing a sales
increase from $691,000 in 2003, the year it was founded, to nearly $45 million
in 2013.

* Minority Exporter of the Year is being presented to Universal Companies, LLC.
This award is presented to a minority-owned company that has achieved
outstanding success in penetrating domestic and global markets. Universal
Companies, LLC, currently manages production across five cities in China and two
cities in India.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           November 27, 2008 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Tories: Taxpayer subsidies to federal parties should end; Economic update will
also address the role of amateur sport in Canada

BYLINE: David Akin, Canwest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 312  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


OTTAWA -- The Conservatives will propose eliminating taxpayer subsidies of
political parties when Finance Minister Jim Flaherty delivers his fiscal and
economic update today, a move that could save taxpayers about $28 million a year
but could spark a political war.

Flaherty will rise in the House of Commons this afternoon and deliver the
bleakest description of Canada's economy and the federal government's finances
in more than a decade.

Flaherty will not announce any new spending initiatives and government sources
say the only spending cuts will be to trim the budgets for travel, meal and
accommodation expenses for MPs as well as eliminate a subsidy that paid each
party a $1.75 per year for every vote they receive in a general election.

"This is huge. This is so audacious and outrageous," said Pat Martin, an NDP MP
from Winnipeg. "This means war."

Flaherty will also provide some details on the size or absence of the federal
surplus this year and next.

"Tomorrow's statement," Flaherty said in the House of Commons yesterday, "is not
a mini-budget. It is an economic update."

The Harper government also plans to commission a study of the economic impact of
amateur sports in Canada, to determine how much public money should be invested
in athletics as the economy slumps.

The study will attempt to quantify the revenues, expenditures and overall
financial health of amateur-sports organizations across the country to provide a
"sophisticated snapshot of the industry," states a request for proposals by the
Department of Canadian Heritage.

The goal is to enhance the government's understanding of the business of amateur
sports, so all levels of government can make "more strategic, effective public
investments and other public-policy decisions to support the growth and
development of the sector and the economy."

That update is a routine event that happens every fall.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 12, 2014 Wednesday

SORG receives $25,000 grant for opera house renovation

BYLINE: Rick McCrabb, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 702 words


March 12--MIDDLETOWN -- Several downtown properties, considered keys to the
city's future, are showing life after they received grants and applied for
additional funds.

Last week, Sorg Opera Revitalization Group (SORG) received the last of its
$35,000 grant from the Duke Energy Urban Revitalization Initiative, said Denise
Brodsky, one of the owners of the Sorg Opera House. She said the $25,000 will be
used to continue renovations to the theater, 63. S. Main St.

The initial $10,000 was dedicated to asbestos removal, Brodsky said.

Also, the potential owner of the Manchester Inn and Sonshine Building is
expected to tour the facilities Thursday and consider the next steps to
renovating the property, said Denise Hamet, the city's economic development
director. She said William Grau, of Coldwell Banker in Northbrook, Ill., is
expected to make repairs to the roof of the 92-year-old building, conduct a
feasibility study to determine the demand for downtown housing, and he has
applied for Ohio State Historic Preservation Tax Credits.

Grau purchased the two buildings from the city for $1, though it was asking
$325,000. He expects the renovations to cost about $10 million. He plans to
renovate the Manchester into apartments, restaurant, banquet facilities and
office space, and open a microbrewery in the Sonshine property, he said.

Another property, the Sorg Mansion will start being repaired next month, said
Traci Barnett, who, along with her husband, Mark, purchased the historic
structure last year for $225,000.

She said a portion of the roof will be replaced with slate, along with other
"extensive renovations." She didn't want to release the estimated cost of the
repairs, saying only they are "substantial." When the Barnetts bought the
property in 2013, they estimated the complete renovations at $400,000 to
$500,000.

Mark and Traci Barnett, who live in Baltimore, eventually will move into the
Sorg Mansion once the renovations are complete, she said. The property may be
converted into a bed and breakfast, she said.

Five downtown properties -- the Sorg Mansion, Sorg Opera House, Sonshine
Building, Manchester Inn and the Goetz Tower -- will receive more than $17
million invested in renovations and repairs, Hamet said. All the owners are
applying for historic tax credits, and City Council recently unanimously
approved resolutions to support the applications.

Renovations to the Sorg Opera House and commercial property are expected to cost
$6 million to $7 million, said Brodsky. Some of those costs include asbestos
removal and replacing the HVAC, lighting and plumbing.

So far, she said, the group has received about $100,000 in grants, and if every
grant is approved -- what she called the "perfect storm" -- the group would be
awarded more than $1 million in financial assistance. SORG has applied for a
$466,000 grant from the state, she said.

She said an economic impact study, conduct by the University of Dayton,
estimates that the Sorg could generate $10 million in revenue for the city in
the next four years.

Brodsky said it may take two or more years to get the theater "fully
operational." Brodsky and two partners purchased the Sorg for about $30,000 in
2011 after it went into foreclosure. All three of the owners live in northern
Kentucky, but she said, she spends about 70 hours a week working on the Sorg
project, whether that's applying for grants or scraping paint off the walls.

She said SORG also is working with two "major" local companies on securing
naming rights to the theater, though she refused to name those companies.

"We are on a mission," she said. "It's a tight time frame and it's all about
raising the funds."

Brodsky said the Sorg renovation is important to the future of downtown as it
transitions into an arts and entertainment district. She said those wanting to
see the Sorg reopen have to be patient because it took years to develop the
"decayed state" of the property.

"We need to get it back to its full glory," she said. "It's gonna happen; gonna
be an awesome facility, the anchor for downtown Middletown."

___ (c)2014 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140312-HL-SORG-receives-25,000-grant
-for-opera-house-renovation-0312-20140312

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2014 The Journal-News


                              837 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Foundation to support Blue Zones in Shawnee

BYLINE: Molly M. Fleming

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 744  words


SHAWNEE - City, county, and tribal leaders are considering making the area a
little more blue, which could return a little more green.

The Avedis Foundation is working with the Blue Zones Project to implement
healthy changes in the area. Blue Zones Business Development Director Tony
Buettner said the initiative isn't about forcing someone to be on a diet or
exercise; it's about making healthy choices easier.

"We're not here to tell anyone what to do," he said. "This project is all about
choice. "

The project is a series of permanent and semi-permanent community-wide changes
that encourage people to make better choices. Some changes include putting in
more sidewalks, taking the candy away from the grocery checkout aisle, and
organizing walking groups. If the Blue Zone residents make the changes and the
metrics reflect it, then the area could become Blue Zone certified.

The Avedis Foundation and supporters would have to make a five-year commitment
to be involved. President Michelle Briggs said being a Blue Zone has been a
longtime goal of hers. She read co-founder Dan Buettner's book The Blue Zones
Solution in 2009.

"I'm completely fascinated with the Blue Zones," she said. "For the first couple
of years with the foundation, we had other goals to accomplish. "

She said getting the Blue Zones Project activated in Shawnee will be expensive,
but she did not have an exact cost yet. The foundation is preparing to fund the
entire initiative, though Briggs said she is hoping other businesses will
support the project as well.

Briggs said she wants the initial assessment to start as soon as possible, so
the city can host a kickoff party in six months.

The city and county do have a deadline. If it keeps progressing, the area could
be the first Blue Zone in the state. Buettner said he's talking to two other
cities in Oklahoma.

He said community-wide health initiatives in the U.S. usually fail, but Blue
Zones produce results.

"This is all about social connectedness and friendship," he said.

Blue Zones co-founder Ben Leedle said community health initiatives usually fail
for three reasons: lack of a sustainable champion, lack of a broad-based vision,
and lack of sufficient funds.

In Southern California, three cities that started the initiative in 2010 have
seen a 4-to-1 return on their investment. In five years, the residents have
saved $81 million on medical costs and improved their productivity by $51
million.

After five years, the health results showed the cities had a 15-percent decline
in people above the normal body weight, a 9-percent boost in exercise, a
10-percent drop in daily stress, a 17-percent decrease in smoking, and a
4-percent increase in fruit and vegetable consumption.

The cities were also able to get an additional $8.1 million in grants to create
areas that promote healthy lifestyles, using everything from sidewalks to parks
and shade-creating awnings to encourage outdoor activity.

"It does make your community more competitive when funders see you're in this
public initiative," said Erika Graves, senior operations manager at the Blue
Zones Project.

The California cities' change that brought the most awe during the Tuesday
morning presentation was a reduction in childhood obesity from 20 percent to 7.2
percent. More children were walking to school. The schools also implemented
school gardens.

In Pottawatomie County, 45.3 percent of residents have a high body mass index
and 36.7 percent use tobacco. Leedle said if the area were to get to a normal
number, this would mean 3,090 people quit smoking and 5,628 more people would
have a body mass index lower than obese. This change would equate to an $8.6
million economic impact.

"People with a higher well-being cost less and improve performance," he said.

Briggs said the foundation sees the Blue Zones Project as a strategic
investment. She said the health numbers sucked her breath away.

"We have to change the projection," she said. "(The community) should be able to
make a bigger change, quicker. "

Shawnee Economic Development Foundation Executive Director Tim Burg said he
expects the foundation will support the initiative because it also has future
residents in mind.

"The work we do in economic development today - while it's great to have success
- we're really doing it for the generation that comes behind us," Burg said.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              838 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Coventry Evening Telegraph

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

It's game on as new facility for start-up companies is opened

BYLINE: Jenny Waddington

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 416 words


A NEW incubator facility for start-up gaming companies and micro enterprises has
opened in Leamington to encourage further inward investment.

The new centre, which is called 26 HT and is based in Hamilton Terrace, has been
transformed from a disused property into a four-storey digital gaming hub.

The project came to fruition after receiving funding from Warwick District
Council and a £108,000 grant from the government's Growing Places initiative
following a successful bid from Warwick District Council and the economic growth
team at Warwickshire County Council.

Jonathan Browning, chairman of the Coventry and Warwickshire Local Enterprise
Partnership, was given a tour of the premises by Gayle Spencer, business
enterprise manager at Warwick District Council. They were joined by the
council's leader Coun Andrew Mobbs and portfolio holder for economic development
Coun John Hammon.

The property, which offi-cially opened on Monday, includes seven flexible
offices and two meeting rooms for companies to test their games during the
development stage.

Mr Browning said Leamington, Warwick and Southam already has excellent links
with the games industry and the opening of 26 HT provided further infrastructure
for start-ups and micro enterprises to flourish.

"This is an exciting development and highlights the area's growing reputation
for hi-tech businesses because of the talented people who work in the industry
that are based here," he said.

"The space needs to be flexible to allow businesses to grow which has been
achieved throughout the building and we hope this will become a hive of activity
among start-ups.

"Many founders of startups started off at larger design studios and are in a
position where they need the right infrastructure, support and advice which will
also bring in inward investment which is among the key aims of the CWLEP. EP. EP
"The digital cluster is growing organically in the subregion and we want to
continue moving the sector forward because of the economic impact it can have in
the future.

"Strategically, this is a really good fit because 'Silicon Spa' is the third
largest games cluster in the UK after LonK after Lon-don and Dundee.

"The opening of 26 HT after receiving significant funding from Growing Places
ensures we continue to provide attractive studios for start-ups and micro
enterprises to set up and encourage further inward investment."

Warwick ¦ District Council's Gayle Spencer, Coun Andrew Mobbs and Coun John
Hammon with Jonathan Browning (CWLEP)

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVT


                   Copyright 2014 Coventry Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              839 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                                December 8, 2009

Manufacturing initiative still growing client base;
Former state program performing well under Purdue

LENGTH: 1022 words


Manufacturing initiative still growing client base Former state program
performing well under Purdue

A manufacturing initiative formerly managed by the state is thriving under
Purdue University's leadership.

Purdue's Technical Assistance Program has directed the Manufacturing Extension
Partnership since 2005, when its previous operator, the Indiana Business
Modernization and Technology Corp., folded into the newly formed Indiana
Economic Development Corp.

MEP's annual budget since has tripled to roughly $5 million, and the number of
companies it advises every year has nearly doubled to 396, Director David Snow
said.

He attributed the university's name recognition, as well as the increasing
demand for plants to become more efficient, for the program's success.

"Our goal is to create economic impact and competitive change so our clients can
become a more stable and prosperous entity," he said.

MEP is a federal and state joint venture to help small and medium-size
manufacturers in the state stay competitive. Despite severe job losses,
manufacturing still accounts for 31 percent of all wages in Indiana, according
to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. In 25 of the 92 counties, manufacturing
yields at least half of all wages.

MEP's 24 employees in its 11 locations (an additional office is set to open soon
in New Albany) across the state provide consulting services that help clients
eliminate waste and increase profits. The strategy, known as lean manufacturing,
shortens the time between customer order and shipment.

The practice of lean manufacturing has become quite prevalent within the last
decade. State manufacturing experts estimate that thousands of Indiana factories
practice some form of lean manufacturing.

Hundreds of clients

Indiana is home to roughly 9,800 manufacturers of all sizes. If MEP typically
counsels 300 to 400 annually, the market for its services remains wide open,
Snow said.

Consultants might spend 50 to 100 days on a complex project and charge roughly
$30,000. But many projects might last just a few days or weeks, or even might be
completed in a day-long workshop.

The investment seems to be money well spent. MEP boasts that its services
typically result in $600,000 to $700,000 in savings or increased sales per
client.

Recent clients include GlasCraft in Indianapolis, the local office of
Houston-based Personix, Red Gold Inc. in Orestes, TI Automotive in Ashley, and
Modern Door Corp. in Walkerton.

Modern Door in northern Indiana began working with MEP in August on an advanced
manufacturing training program to educate 130 employees on how to speed
production, reduce inventory and use less space. A second stage that includes
more in-depth training for some employees should be finished in January.

Rick Coffman, general manager of Modern Door, said the training program-partly
funded by a $42,000 matching grant from the Indiana Department of Workforce
Development-is a great opportunity for his employees.

He expects the company will recoup its investment within the next year by
reducing waste, improving quality and growing the business.

"Just like any business, in today's economy you've got to be very competitive,"
Coffman said.

Consultants might help companies achieve their goals by analyzing whether
they're overproducing a product, losing production time, housing excessive
inventory, correcting defects as soon as possible, and stationing employees in
the right places.

Managing the supply chain

One of the biggest challenges for manufacturers is applying and sustaining the
procedures throughout the entire operation, like in the supply chain and
warehouse, and not just on the factory floor, Snow said.

To be sure, manufacturers participating in a recent study by local accounting
firm Katz Sapper & Miller LLP and Purdue say managing the supply chain is their
most pressing issue.

Their third Gear and Fulcrum report-a bellwether of market trends, projections,
risks and strategies-gleaned data from 80 manufacturers.

More than half tabbed rising production costs, a component of the supply chain,
as their biggest concern. High fuel and commodities prices helped push
production costs to the top of the list-even surpassing last year's chief issue,
rising health care costs.

The interviews conducted between February and August showed companies were
packing trucks full before sending shipments in order to save fuel. That trend
likely has reversed now as fuel prices have dropped. As a result, inventories
that built during that period are dropping as well.

The number of companies establishing improvement programs such as lean
manufacturing practices is expected to remain high, though. In the survey, 83
percent of participants indicated they had implemented at least one improvement
program within the past year.

"It's all about throughput," said Scott Brown, partner in charge of KSM's
manufacturing and distribution practice. "The faster you get something out of
the factory, the more profit you will have."

Another major concern for manufacturers is the availability of skilled workers.
More might do well to follow Modern Door's lead and provide training to existing
employees rather than searching for more educated ones, said Anath Iyer,
director of Purdue's Dauch Center for Management of Manufacturing Enterprises
and the Global Supply Chain Management Initiative.

"They need to provide more training," he said. "Look around at the people you
have and get them the skills."

The national MEP network includes 59 centers, with more than 350 locations
across the country and in Puerto Rico. Funding cuts have presented challenges,
however.

In Indiana, federal funding for the MEP program has shriveled from $2.4 million
annually to just $671,000 since 2004. Purdue's Technical Assistance Program that
houses MEP receives $1.9 million annually in state funding, $400,000 of which
went to MEP this year to staff new offices in South Bend, Evansville and New
Albany.

Snow and his colleagues and Purdue continue to lobby for additional federal
funding and are hopeful the amount will be restored under President-elect Obama,
who said he supports increasing the national MEP budget.

]]

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Study: City building moratorium measure would cost region billions

BYLINE: Dana Bartholomew; dbartholomew@scng.com @DN_DanaBart on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 793 words

ABSTRACT

Measure-S

FULL TEXT

Los Angeles voters will decide this spring whether to place a temporary halt to
some building construction to reform what backers say is a broken land-use
system that favors developers over the needs of neighbors.

But if Measure S should pass, according to a study released Thursday, it would
not only put a $2 billion dent in the Los Angeles economy, put 24,000 people out
of work and cut $70 million from city coffers - enough to hire 1,000
firefighters or cops.

It would curtail housing construction in a city desperately short of needed
homes, opponents say. And it could tip Los Angeles into another economic
recession.

"Voting yes on S could have a catastrophic effect on our jobs, on our economy,
our schools, our parks and our city budget, most of all," said Ron Miller,
executive secretary for the Los Angeles/Orange Counties Building & Construction
Trades Council, which represents more than 100,000 trades union members, and
co-chair of aNo on S Campaign, during a news conference.

"In a single year, Measure S could eliminate 12,000 jobs, more than half of them
in construction."

Measure S, also known as the Neighborhood Integrity Initiative, would place a
two-year moratorium on construction requiring any general plan amendment, zone
change or tweak to any height restrictions.

If approved this March, it would force Los Angeles to update its general plans
for development, now decades out of date. It would also require planners, not
builders, to pick the authors of environmental impact studies.

Most importantly, it would put a two-year halt to the common practice of "spot
zoning" that grants builders exceptions to rules regulating height, density,
parking and more. Because community plans across the city are so out of date,
most major projects require some form of zoning variance, builders say.

Proponents, including Michael Weinstein of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation and a
Coalition to Preserve L.A., say the Measure S initiative would fix a "pay to
play" system in which developers cut cozy deals at City Hall to get approval for
projects that don't conform to community zoning.

"They want to build huge inappropriate stuff that will create massive surface
street traffic jams on roads that can't handle it," said Jill Stewart, campaign
director for theCoalition to Preserve L.A., who took issue with a study she said
was backed by trade unions and billionaire developers. "Residents don't want it.

"We're pro development: We (just) want them to follow the rules."

While backers say it would only affect 5 percent of all new construction,
critics say it would effectively kill development - a key economic engine for
Los Angeles.

Opponents of the measure, which includes a broad coalition of business groups,
unions, homeless advocates and neighborhood council members, say it goes too
far,according to a Website campaignto dissuade voters.

"Measure S kills jobs" and "Vote no on Measure S: Stop the Housing Ban" were
among the placards wielded by dozens of union workers and business and labor
leaders inside the Southern California Plumbing and Pipe Trades training center
in Van Nuys.

The United Way of Greater Los Angeles, which opposes the measure, said it would
put a stop to the $1.2 billion in housing for the homeless just passed by 77
percent of voters.

"I don't know about you, but I don't feel we have any housing or jobs to spare,"
said Chris Ko, director of homeless initiatives for the United Way. "And that's
a problem.  Measure S is a housing ban, plain and simple.

"And that's especially troubling to us, because housing ends homelessness.

The38-page report, conducted by Beacon Economics on behalf of a Coalition to
Protect L.A. Neighborhoods, studied the economic impact of Measure S based on a
decade of construction projects that required variances. Among its findings:

o A moratorium on construction would rob the region of $1.9 billion in economic
output in its first year, and $19.3 billion over ten years, the estimated time
needed to update city community plans. The cost in jobs: more than 120,000 over
a decade.

o A halt in building could block up to 45 new single family homes and up to
2,800 apartments, putting a strain on the housing supply and driving up rents.

o A building stoppage would cost Los Angeles $70 million in property tax and
other revenues, including $24 millions spent on city parks.

The building moratorium measure is opposed such business groups as the Valley
Industry & Commerce Association and the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce.

"What this report lays out is it's catastrophic, disastrous, the lever you pull
if you want a recession," said Ruben Gonzalez, senior advisor for the L.A.
chamber. "What do we get in return?

"Homelessness. Higher housing costs. Higher rents."

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                             August 20, 2006 Sunday

Local colleges helping community, despite drop in state aid

BYLINE: Editorial / Opinion By Daniel Asquino, president, Mount Wachusett
Community College

SECTION: NEWSMAKERS

LENGTH: 730 words


As I begin my twentieth year at Mount Wachusett Community College, I still wake
up every morning loving my job.

The Mount makes such a difference in people's lives and our communities, and the
people in this community are so great to work with.

While I'm constantly thinking of new ways we can offer our students the best
education and services, our faculty and staff are the ones who come up with the
plans and implement them.

The fruits of their hard work include our Honors program, our transfer services,
our English as a Second Language programs, our workforce development offerings,
our service learning and civic engagement initiatives, our recent capital
campaign and many more.

Each of these programs touches the lives of our students and sets them on a path
to success - whatever they envision that to be. When they leave The Mount with a
degree, a certificate or a new skill, they're prepared to make our economy
stronger.

I'm active in the Central Links Central Massachusetts Public Higher Education
Alliance, which comprises MWCC, Fitchburg State College, Quinsigamond Community
College and Worcester State College.

We released a study last winter showing that the combined economic impact of the
colleges on Massachusetts is $217 million and $155 million on the Worcester
County region. The other college presidents and I strongly believe this is
mostly because 85 percent of graduates from these colleges live in Massachusetts
and 60 percent live in Worcester County.

Providing a relevant and affordable education to our students has become an
increasingly daunting task in light of reduced state support over the years.

When I was selected as MWCC's president in 1987, the college was blessed with 90
percent state funding. Today, state support is less than 30 percent. We apply
for a variety of grants and implement cost-saving measures like switching from
all-electric heat to a biomass heating system to make up the difference.

I've felt compelled to see MWCC through these challenging times for the very
reasons I love coming to work everyday.

The positive impact The Mount has on people's lives inspires me to champion the
mission of community colleges and to urge greater state investment in these
institutions.

Our students would benefit greatly if the following statistics were reversed:

* Massachusetts ranks 47th in the nation in state spending on public higher
education per capita.

* Massachusetts experienced the largest decrease - 32.6 percent adjusted for
inflation - in state funding for public higher education in the nation between
2001 and 2004.

* Massachusetts is the only state in the nation that is spending less on public
higher education than it was spending 10 years ago.

While advocating for more state investment in public higher education is
important for our students, I also strongly believe it's important to encourage
them to become more engaged in our communities. The disconnect between residents
and their communities, outlined in Robert Putnam's "Bowling Alone," must be
erased for our region to be healthy for decades to come.

In five short years, our Decade of Civic Engagement initiative has made great
strides in increasing volunteerism in North Central Massachusetts.

Service learning is a component of all of our academic programs, and commitment
to service learning is among the criteria considered when hiring new faculty.

According to a recent report by Civic Enterprises, 81 percent of high-school
dropouts said they believed opportunities for real-word learning, including
service learning, in addition to classroom learning would improve students'
chances of staying in school.

Students also become more self-confident and active citizens with effective
community engagement and critical thinking skills.

Connecting this initiative with activities of organizations in the community,
the United Way and the Community Foundation in particular, has been so rewarding
for me.

We are working to inspire more volunteerism through our partnership with the
United Way in Community Builders, which is housed in our Center for Democracy
and Humanity.

It has been exciting to help create something as innovative as this and to see
people and organizations across the country respond so positively to this
partnership.

Looking back on my 19 years at The Mount, I feel so privileged to be a part of
improving the lives of so many students and our community.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                            March 30, 1993, Tuesday

Keeping the country alive

BYLINE: Craig Seton

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 600 words


A local study will help tourism play its part as Shropshire's hard-pressed
farmers diversify, Craig Seton says.

A pilot project to assess the economic impact of tourism in south Shropshire was
started last year to identify how to develop it further without harming the
area's beautiful landscape and its rural communities.

The ''sustainable tourism'' study, initiated by Shropshire county council, is
gauging the level of potential new job opportunities that tourism offers to
counter declining employment in agriculture, and other changes affecting the
economic prospects of rural areas.

The south Shropshire project is a partnership that has attracted funding from
the Rural Development Commission, South Shropshire Tourism Association, ADAS,
Heart of England Tourist Board and the local district council.

It is intended later to launch similar studies in other parts of the county,
which receives about 1 million tourist visits annually and where agricultural
production remains a vital ingredient of economic activity.

Lesley Davies, the county tourism officer and project co-ordinator, says tourism
has a role to play in diversifying the rural economy.

''The county council and other agencies recognise the need to address big
changes facing rural areas due to progressive agricultural decline and changes
in the Common Agricultural Policy. Farmers who are used to receiving levels of
subsidy are going to have them removed.

''Rural areas suffer from lack of job opportunities, a decline in transport
services and the number of shops, post offices and pubs. Young people are moving
away and schools are closing or their numbers dropping.''

The south Shropshire pilot study, that includes the market town of Ludlow,
involved gathering data from hundreds of farms to discover how many are involved
in tourism and how owners see their future. Recent years have seen a large
increase in the number of farmers offering self-catering accommodation to
visitors.

Fourteen rural communities also have been asked to indicate what future role
they see for tourism and people visiting the southern area were questioned about
their activities and spending habits. Mrs Davies says the initiatives that could
follow might include the promotion of tourist visits to small historic towns and
the development of activities such as horse riding, cycling, walking and
farm-based tourism, but they would be managed to ensure that communities and the
environment were not adversely affected.

The pilot project comes at a time when the county council is supporting an
application to the European Community for financial support for an area by the
Welsh border, the Marches, that includes western and southern Shropshire. If it
succeeds, it could make available EC grants aimed at the economic regeneration
of rural areas through tourism and other measures.

According to the submission, 7 per cent of Shropshire employment and 22 per cent
in the Marches depends on agriculture. Agricultural incomes have a low base and
manufacturers are shedding jobs. The submission said additional EC funds would
be used to minimise the economic, environmental and social impact of declining
rural economies. And it set out tourism initiatives which include:

Increasing the value and seasonal spread of holidays and short breaks;

Harnessing the potential for for activity-based holidays;

Channelling tourism spending to support community services and amenities;

Strengthening farm tourism.

It is on initiatives such as these that the future of rural life in Shropshire
may depend.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1993 Times Newspapers Limited


                              843 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 11, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Annapolis Bid for Horse Park Noses Out Competition

BYLINE: Nelson Hernandez, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B02

LENGTH: 735 words


The Maryland Stadium Authority chose an 875-acre site near Annapolis yesterday
to be the home of a state-run equestrian park that officials want to open by
2009 to boost the region's horse industry.

The park, which would host such equestrian competitions as dressage and jumping,
would include a 5,000-seat arena, an outdoor amphitheater, six to 12 outdoor
show rings and 800 to 1,200 stalls.

The site at the U.S. Naval Academy Dairy Farm in Gambrills, northwest of
Annapolis, was selected over a bid from Cecil County in the state's northeastern
corner.

State officials said Annapolis city leaders' bid won, in large part, because the
site is near several major roads, hotels and Baltimore-Washington International
Airport.

Over the next two months, architects and economic consultants will calculate
construction costs and how much money the park might bring to the state,
according to the stadium authority's executive director, Alison L. Asti. Then,
she said, the authority will propose a bill to the General Assembly during its
next legislative session to seek bond financing.

The stadium authority will have to negotiate a long-term lease of the dairy
farm, which is owned by the Naval Academy. Although until recently it supplied
milk to the Brigade of Midshipmen, the farm's most famous inhabitants are Bill
XXXI and Bill XXXII, the goats that are used as the Navy sports mascot.

"We are certainly encouraged by the [state's] interest in the long-term leasing
of the dairy farm," said Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, academy spokesman, noting that the
school is legally obliged to keep using it for an agricultural purpose.

Maryland officials hope that the park will bolster the state's $1.6 billion
horse industry at a time when it is struggling. Last week, the owners of the
state's two largest racetracks presented a plan to drastically scale back the
sport, including reducing the number of racing days at Baltimore's historic
Pimlico track from 60 days a year to 26.

Asti would not predict the proposed equestrian park's cost or economic impact.
But she said the project, which has nothing to do with horse racing, would be
"equivalent or better than" the Kentucky Horse Park in Lexington. The Kentucky
park receives about $1 million in state subsidies a year and generates $163
million in economic activity, as well as $17.7 million in state and local taxes,
she said.

The Maryland park is likely to compete with two horse centers operating in
Virginia: the privately run, 1,200-acre Morven Park International Equestrian
Center near Leesburg and the state-owned, 600-acre Virginia Horse Center in
Lexington, in the Shenandoah Valley.

Officials from both Virginia parks have been watching the Maryland initiative
closely, with some saying that the competition could bolster the horse industry
in both states and others saying that the Maryland park could reduce the number
of horse exhibitors willing to travel to the Virginia parks.

Both the Annapolis and Cecil County proposals faced local opposition. Some Cecil
residents were worried about crowds, trash and noise; in Annapolis, Anne Arundel
County Executive Janet S. Owens (D) gave the plan lukewarm support, saying it
could worsen traffic and create more pressure for development in the area.

The debate was resolved when Annapolis chose to focus its bid on the dairy farm
rather than on a site closer to Crownsville.

Asti said the local arguments were "not a key factor." Rather, the authority's
board was worried that if the park were in Cecil, its economic impact would be
dispersed out of the state because visitors would be more likely to go to
Pennsylvania and Delaware to eat, sleep and shop.

Anne Arundel horse enthusiasts and officials said they were delighted by the
decision.

"I'm jumping up and down, let me tell you," said Christy Clagett, a farmer and
thoroughbred breeder from southern Anne Arundel. Clagett was hopeful that the
park could slow growth by prompting more horse breeders to buy out farms now
being sold to developers and giving farmers a market for hay and straw.

"It will be a win-win, in my opinion, because we get the open space [and]
because we get the farmers to stay farming," Clagett said.

"The horse was real important in our early history, and it's only appropriate
that the horse is coming back," said Annapolis Mayor Ellen O. Moyer (D), who
owns a thoroughbred horse. "We're coming full circle."

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              844 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Good news and bad on passports; Canadians given a reprieve on requirement but
U.S. tourism is forecast to slump

BYLINE: SHELDON ALBERTS, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 500  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Canadians won't need to show a passport for travel to the United States across
land and sea borders for at least another year, following a sudden policy
reversal by the U.S.

Bowing to months of pressure from the U.S. Congress and the Canadian government,
the U.S. Department of Homeland Security announced yesterday it would not
enforce the requirement for passports - or another form of approved identity
document - at land and sea crossing until next summer at the earliest.

The decision to grant a reprieve amounts to a major shift in policy for U.S.
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff, who has insisted for months the
new rules for land border entry would take effect as early as January.

But the breathing space on passports for Canadian travellers was paired with
some more sobering projections about the impact of the rule once it is fully
implemented.

According to an economic impact assessment produced by the Bush administration,
the requirement for Americans to obtain passports for travel to and from Canada
will produce a sharp drop in tourism.

The study, included in proposed regulations for the Western Hemisphere Travel
Initiative, shows an expected 3.7-per-cent drop in visits to Canada across the
land border by frequent U.S. travellers - defined as Americans who come at least
once a year.

Another 10.7-per-cent drop is expected among "infrequent" visitors who come to
Canada once every three years, and a 10.9-per-cent reduction is projected for
"rare" travellers who visit once a decade.

According to Homeland Security, the drop in tourism is expected to cost Canada
at least $170 million in forgone spending in the first full year the passport
rule is implemented, and another $120 million for every following year.

The Bush administration was forced to delay implementing the passport
requirement at land and sea borders because of widespread chaos within the U.S.
passport system.

Under the decision announced yesterday, Homeland Security said the "first
rational step" toward implementing the new land rules was to "end the routine
practice of accepting oral declarations (of citizenship) alone at land and sea
ports of entry." Starting at the end of January, U.S. border officials will
require Canadians to produce a government-issued photo ID - such as a driver's
licence - plus proof of citizenship.

That practice, however, has already been widely used at land borders for years
and is likely to have little impact on travellers.

The plan to require passports for travel to and from Canada -- in the works now
for almost two years -- has produced mass confusion among ordinary travellers
because of ever-shifting rules and statements by the U.S. government.

Since January 2007, Homeland Security has required all Canadian and U.S.
travellers entering the U.S. by air to carry a passport.

Only two weeks ago, however, the administration suspended that rule for U.S.
citizens because the State Department could not keep up with the skyrocketing
number of passport applications.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                                 June 30, 2008

Greater New Orleans Inc. digs into repairing 'front door' for NASA's Michoud

BYLINE: Jaime Guillet

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 684  words


The road to NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility is a bumpy one, something the
agency's top brass understands only too well.

On a blistering August afternoon last year, Sheila Cloud, NASA's transition
director for moving Michoud out of the Space Shuttle program and into the
agency's Constellation Program, and a colleague blew out a tire on one of the
many potholes leading to the aerospace and defense center. Cloud and her visitor
spent two hours changing the shredded tire in the New Orleans heat.

That wasn't Cloud's first time noticing the poor infrastructure surrounding
Michoud.

"One of my jobs is to attract users (of Michoud) for the future and to keep
businesses here for more commercial work," Cloud said. "I started thinking how
it's going to look to potential customers ... to see not very well-kept and
uplifting surroundings. "

The regional economic development alliance Greater New Orleans Inc., with the
assistance of the Louisiana Recovery Authority and the city's Public Works
Department, is spearheading a $10-million initiative to improve and beautify the
road leading to Michoud.

The initiative focuses on redirecting traffic from Michoud's current "front
door," or main road, on Michoud Boulevard to Almonaster/Old Gentilly Road with
signs, road resurfacing, new lighting, drainage improvements and landscaping,
said Howard Daigle, chairman of GNO Inc. 's Advanced Aerospace and Defense
Manufacturing sector and head of the Michoud task force.

"It's common sense that to encourage economic development we have to have a
welcoming site," Daigle said.

Officials from the city's Office of Recovery and Development Administration and
the Regional Planning Commission understand this, too, which is why these
agencies also are providing manpower and funding for the project, he said.

"We are committed to projects that make a difference for the community and
quality of life improvements," said Walter Brooks, executive director of the
RPC. "Michoud is one of the economic engines coming online and offers (New
Orleans) future direction. "

GNO Inc. 's project is a short-term rehabilitation because "there are several
issues" surrounding the Michoud facility particularly with drainage and runoff,
said Robert Mendoza, the city's Public Works director. In the past year, Public
Works has replaced some cracked concrete panels, maintained weeds and bushes,
and moved drainage obstructions from the ditches. Serious drainage improvements
will be necessary, though, to have more businesses in that area of eastern New
Orleans, he said.

Belinda Little-Wood, ORDA's executive director, said the city is looking into
the possibility of retention ponds and subsurface drainage.

"There is consensus the area is going to have long-term issues but in the short
term (the task force) is doing some good," Mendoza said.

Work through the initiative will include repaving, subsurface road repairs,
smoothing of railroad crossings and replacement of potentially 30 percent of the
concrete panels

Daigle said planning for the rehabilitation is "all but complete" as are sources
of funding, the bulk of which probably will come from community development
block grants passed down from the LRA.

"We're trying to leverage dollars from more than one source," Little-Wood said.
"Some could come from CDBG for recovery, some from (the Federal Emergency
Management Administration's) Hazard Mitigation for flooding and some from
Economic Development. "

Daigle said he expects to "have the full amount committed in the next 30 days"
and should "expect to see the project completed in the next nine to 10 months,"
although the project "could move faster than that. "

Cloud said this is great news and NASA officials "certainly appreciate" what the
task force is doing. It is important for all the businesses in that area.

"What is interesting about this area and Old Gentilly Road is it serves not just
NASA but also Textron, Folgers and others," Cloud said. "I think it's about
10,000 people who travel over those roads every day. That's lots of jobs and
lots of economic impact. "

As for Cloud's pothole, she said it has been repaired.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 6, 2015 Sunday

New Bern aldermen to meet Tuesday

BYLINE: Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 427 words


Dec. 06--New Bern aldermen will consider adopting a resolution Tuesday night
approving the revision and consolidation of the City Charter.

The agenda for Tuesday's 7 p.m. meeting at City Hall may change. The final
agenda was not expected to be completed until after 5 p.m. Friday, according to
the city clerk. There were computer problems earlier in the week, she said.

But the pre-agenda, which follows, was sent to aldermen Tuesday.

Scott Davis, city attorney, has been working for about a year on rewriting the
City Charter. In a memo of March 13, 2015, he said few material changes within
the Charter were considered during the rewrite.

"The primary purpose is to remove cluttered, confusing, and now obsolete laws
for ease of reference," Davis said in a March 19 memorandum to the Board of
Aldermen.

If approved by aldermen, the revised City Charter would have to be approved by
the General Assembly.

The Charter was last significantly revised in 1957 and since then general
statutes adopted by the state address the majority of provisions in the City
Charter, Davis said in his memorandum to the board.

A draft of early revisions to the Charter can be found on the city's website at
www.newbern-nc.org/files/4914/4259/6385/Charter_Changes.pdf.

The board will also hear a presentation of the Economic Impact Analysis.

In other business, aldermen will hear presentations by attendees of New Bern's
Boys & Girls Club and Organization Check Up by Hometown Connections; conduct a
public hearing and consider a resolution authorizing the refinancing of the Kale
Road real property and an application to the Local Government Commission for the
refinancing of the Kale Road real property.

Budget ordinance amendments will be considered a matching a Choice Neighborhood
Initiative grant match through community development; and a water and sewer
budget amendment.

Resolutions will be considered establishing a project fund for phase 3 of the
Township 7 Sewer Project; and establishing a project fund for the West New Bern
Water Improvement Project.

Other proposed resolutions include authorizing the city manager to execute a
N.C. Department of Transportation Grant Agreement; and approving an agreement
with NCDOT for railroad crossing grades at Guion Street and at North Craven
Street.

The board might also discuss or consider a resolution agreement with
Weyerhaeuser and the state to assume maintenance of Old Airport Road.

___ (c)2015 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151206-NS-New-Bern-aldermen-to-meet-Tuesday-1206-20151206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2015 Sun Journal


                              847 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                       August 8, 2014 Friday 8:44 PM GMT

£800k boost to clean up South Wales with cash for community groups;
More than £100,000 of Welsh Government funds has been earmarked for projects to
clean up and green up communities

BYLINE: By walesonline

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 962 words


Clean up projects across South Wales have been awarded £800,000 to tidy up the
region.

Community groups will receive a significant part of the Welsh Government funding
for initiatives from clearing rubbish to removing dog waste, painting murals to
planting vegetables.

There is also £35,000 for each local authority on top of £400,000 of individual
grants for projects organised by each council.

Of the £118,305.68 for community groups, People Around Here in Cardiff have
received £5,000 to transform a wall covered in graffiti into a piece of art. The
community art initiative will be working to cover the 100 metre wall in Cathays
with a mural telling the history of the area.

Rubbish dumped around Cathays, Cardiff

Rubbish and spills around the student areas of Cathays, Cardiff.

While the Cornelly and District Development Trust have been given £30,000 to
turn an overgrown area of land in Bridgend affected by litter and fly-tipping
into community gardens.

Anthony Slaughter, chair of Penarth Greening, who have been awarded £11,610 said
they would be using the money to help create community garden on a patch of land
owned by the neighbouring nursery school, Bute Cottage Nursery in Penarth.

The group started looking at this patch of land around two years ago but the
project stalled as it became difficult to fund it.

He said: "We have been looking at various options for community gardens for
quite a long time."

"The aim is to transform an unused piece of derelict wasteland into a Community
Garden that will be used and enjoyed by all members of the community." Once the
nursery, which owns the land, had got permission for a garden, they had to
comply with rules that cover all the open spaces in the area, namely, making
sure it is securely locked at night.

That meant the project would need funding in order to build a secure fence and
gate and so it was put on hold while they applied for various grants. But with
the recent injection of cash it's full steam ahead and Anthony and the group
plan to hold meetings at the end of the summer to tell the local community about
their plans.

Anthony said: "Hopefully more and more people will get involved and it will have
it's own group, that's the only way these things succeed. There was a lot of
support initially when it was first suggested."

Penarth Greening planted a small orchard on the land earlier this year to give
people an idea of the area's potential.

Anthony said: "Plans for the garden include a small orchard area with wildflower
meadow planting, a log circle 'open classroom' space which will be available to
all local schools and community groups, a community growing area with raised
beds for fruit and vegetable growing and a range of variously planted areas with
seating and space for relaxation and socialising.

"What's happened in other community gardens is people think it's an allotment
and that a group of very keen people are going to take it over, the actual
growing section is going to be a very small part of it, it's just about creating
a community space."

Housing group Melin Homes has been given £30,000 which it is using to bring
residents and non-residents together for their Brighter Cleaner Communities
Project in Torfaen and elswhere.

They are looking for ideas from the public but will build on previous clean ups
which have involved clean ups with skips, litter picking, sprucing up gardens
and planting flowers, developing allotment areas, refurbishing benches and paths
and bringing disused land back into use.

The Welsh Government is also providing £35,000 to each local authority on top of
£400,000 of individual grants for projects organised by each council.

The council-run projects include £52,000 for a Caerphilly council project to
improve the entrance to the Lansbury Park shopping centre by removing planters,
clearing rubble, laying paving, planting trees, shrubs and flowers and
installing street furniture.

While Torfaen have been given £52,651 to regenerate the Cwmynyscoy area by
working with local residents and the gypsy traveller community to restore the
potholed surface of the lanes, clear vegetation, litter and fly-tipping and
planting trees and flowers

Frank Ady Head of Marketing and Enterprise for Keep Wales Tidy, a charity which
works with community groups and local authorities for a cleaner Wales, said the
funding would have a "massive impact".

He said: "This amount of money can achieve so much especially when your labour
costs are so little.

"What we do is inspire community groups to clean up and green up. That's
everything from litter clearance right through to the regeneration of areas
which have become blighted and become dangerous.

"It changes not just the look of an area and ambience but it's everything right
through to social and economic impact.

"Groups of individuals who might be out of work, and have got time to volunteer
the experience might actually help them to get work.

"It means a lot to these communities."

By funding grassroots groups Mr Ady said that these improvements were more
likely to be sustainable. He said: "If people are putting the effort in and
working to volunteer and working to transform these areas they're going to be
inspired to keep it looking good. It's totally sustainable.

The charity has seen many examples of groups which have been set up for a
particular project becoming established and finding their own sources of funding
over time.

Mr Ady said: "It's a lovely Welsh trait that people love where they live. We're
like a little catalyst that gets that support going and it's getting more and
more trendy with green activities. "It's nice to go to the beach or the park but
actually look outside the back gate or the front door and there's lots that can
be done. It's really inspiring for us to see all these groups."

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            July 26, 2006 Wednesday

Wisconsin capital goes on tour;
Governor, Cabinet make the rounds in the southwest corner of the state

BYLINE: BETSY RALPH state_government

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. a1

LENGTH: 701 words

DATELINE: PLATTEVILLE, Wis.


The capital of Wisconsin moved to Grant and Crawford counties on Tuesday when
Gov. Jim Doyle, his Cabinet and first lady Jessica Doyle spent the day touring
southwest Wisconsin.

The governor and five Cabinet members visited Prairie du Chien, Boscobel,
Lancaster, Platteville and Cuba City.

The main topics of discussion included economic development, education, health
care and agriculture.

University of Wisconsin-Platteville Chancellor David Markee welcomed the
officials to experience programs that they played instrumental parts in making
happen.

"It is always special to have the governor, his wife and his Cabinet come to
campus and see the product that they helped become a reality," Markee said.
"Their visit is good for the whole region because the legislation they pass
touches the lives of those in our surrounding communities."

While at UW-P, Doyle and his wife met with middle school and high school
students attending summer programs at the university.

"These programs are just great and not unlike anything we have sent our own
children to," Doyle said. "It is exposing young people to higher education, and
that is the first step in the right direction."

Doyle introduced his initiative the "Wisconsin Covenant" to middle school
students from around the state.

The "Wisconsin Covenant" asks this year's eighth-graders to sign an agreement to
finish high school, earn a "B" average, take college-preparatory classes and
stay out of trouble, in return for state assistance to attend college.

"I want to promise you that if you guys live up to your end of the bargain there
will be a place for you at one of the universities in the UW System and
financial assistance to attend," Doyle said.

The first lady met with high school girls while they were writing computer
programs to control Lego vehicles during the Women in Engineering Exploratory
Career Camp.

"I have a history in education and it is very important for me to see you girls
get this opportunity," Jessica Doyle said. "The governor and I will always do
everything we can to encourage women to get involved in math, science and
engineering."

Ella Weihe, 16, of Iowa City, Iowa and a student participant, was excited to see
the governor and his wife take interest in women's education.

"It really is encouraging to see when people like the governor of Wisconsin is
promoting women and engineering," Weihe said.

The governor joined his wife to watch the students demonstrate their machines.

"We need engineers in this state, and in the future we'll need even more," Doyle
said.

Also at UW-P, the secretary of the Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer
Protection Rod Nilsestuen addressed a room of around 20 people on the importance
of agriculture on the economy, and strategies on how to increase the amount of
farmland in Grant County and throughout the state.

"You could not bring in any other business in the world and have the kind of
economic impact that agriculture has in Grant County and Wisconsin," Nilsestuen
said.

He was referring to the $51 billion that agriculture contributes to Wisconsin's
economy and the 6,000 ag-related jobs in Grant County.

Nilsestuen's discussion was sandwiched between two pieces of legislation the
governor unveiled on the trip.

Early on the tour, Doyle announced he is expanding BadgerCare Plus proposal so
that more farm families, including adults, will have access to affordable health
insurance.

While visiting Tom and Connie Kunkel's dairy farm in Cuba City, Doyle announced
the availability of $850,000 of federal- and state-matched money and resources
for farmers to re-invest in their operations.

"We know this is needed, we know that farmers need flexible tools, and this is
one more tool for farmers," Nilsesutuen said.

The governor and cabinet members also attended a town hall meeting in Lancaster.
Cabinet members taking part were Roberta Gassman, secretary of the Department of
Workforce Development; Michael L. Morgan, secretary of the Department of
Revenue; Scott Hassett, secretary of the Department of Natural Resources; and
Celia Jackson, secretary of the department of Regulation and Licensing.

The Wisconsin officials concluded their day at the 56th annual Strawberry
Festival in Platteville.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gov. Jim Doyle talks with kids on the UW-P campus Tuesday during a tour
of southwest Wisconsin by state government officials.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Torrance Daily Breeze (California)

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Study: Building moratorium would cost region billions

BYLINE: Dana Bartholomew; dbartholomew@scng.com @DN_DanaBart on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 634 words

ABSTRACT

Measure-S

FULL TEXT

Los Angeles voters will decide in the spring whether to place a temporary halt
to some building construction to reform what backers say is a broken land-use
system that favors developers over the needs of neighbors.

But if Measure S should pass, according to a study released Thursday, it would
not only put a $2 billion dent in the Los Angeles economy, put 24,000 people out
of work and cut $70 million from city coffers - enough to hire 1,000
firefighters or cops.

It would curtail housing construction in a city desperately short of needed
homes, opponents say. And it could tip Los Angeles into another economic
recession.

"Voting yes on S could have a catastrophic effect on our jobs, on our economy,
our schools, our parks and our city budget, most of all," said Ron Miller,
executive secretary for the Los Angeles/Orange Counties Building & Construction
Trades Council, which represents more than 100,000 trades union members, and
co-chair of aNo on S Campaign, during a news conference.

"In a single year, Measure S could eliminate 12,000 jobs, more than half of them
in construction."

Measure S, also known as the Neighborhood Integrity Initiative, would place a
two-year moratorium on construction requiring any general plan amendment, zone
change or tweak to any height restrictions.

If approved in March, it would force Los Angeles to update its general plans for
development, now decades out of date. It would also require planners, not
builders, to pick the authors of environmental impact studies.

Most importantly, it would put a two-year halt to the common practice of "spot
zoning" that grants builders exceptions to rules regulating height, density,
parking and more. Because community plans across the city are so out of date,
most major projects require some form of zoning variance, builders say.

Proponents, including Michael Weinstein of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation and a
Coalition to Preserve L.A., say the Measure S initiative would fix a "pay to
play" system in which developers cut cozy deals at City Hall to get approval for
projects that don't conform to community zoning.

"They want to build huge inappropriate stuff that will create massive surface
street traffic jams on roads that can't handle it," said Jill Stewart, campaign
director for the Coalition to Pre

serve L.A. , who took issue with a study she said was backed by trade unions and
billionaire developers. "Residents don't want it.

"We're pro development: We (just) want them to follow the rules."

While backers say it would only affect 5 percent of all new construction,
critics say it would effectively kill development - a key economic engine for
Los Angeles.

Opponents of the measure, which includes a broad coalition of business groups,
unions, homeless advocates and neighborhood council members, say it goes too
far,according to a Website campaignto dissuade voters.

"Measure S kills jobs" and "Vote no on Measure S: Stop the Housing Ban" were
among the placards wielded by dozens of union workers and business and labor
leaders inside the Southern California Plumbing and Pipe Trades training center
in Van Nuys.

The United Way of Greater Los Angeles, which opposes the measure, said it would
put a stop to the $1.2 billion in housing for the homeless just passed by 77
percent of voters.

"I don't know about you, but I don't feel we have any housing or jobs to spare,"
said Chris Ko, director of homeless initiatives for the United Way. "And that's
a problem.  Measure S is a housing ban, plain and simple.

"And that's especially troubling to us, because housing ends homelessness.

The38-page report, conducted by Beacon Economics on behalf of a Coalition to
Protect L.A. Neighborhoods, studied the economic impact of Measure S based on a
decade of construction projects that required variances.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                South Wales Echo

                            April 25, 2002, Thursday

'NOAH'S ARK SHOULD NOT RELY ON CHARITY'

BYLINE: Phillip Nifield And Greg Tindle

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 556 words


CARDIFF council is to give pounds 250,000 towards the Noah's Ark Appeal to build
a special children's hospital for Wales.

Lord Mayor Russell Goodway, who was due to make the official announcement later
today, plans to hand over the cash at the end of Ian Botham's marathon trek
across Wales in Cardiff on Saturday.

Mr Goodway said: "This appeal is incredibly important because we are the only
country that does not have a children's hospital.

"That does not reflect well on Wales and Cardiff.

"Having this sort of specialist facility will attract some of the finest medical
specialists and mean that Cardiff becomes a focus for clinical treatment and
excellence.

"We give grant assistance to lots of inward investors who come to Cardiff
because of the economic impact they will have and I believe a children's
hospital in Cardiff will have a similar impact and bring many opportunities."

Mr Goodway said he personally believed that hospital facilities, particularly
for children, should be paid for by the taxpayer.

"I don't think that pounds 25m out of an assembly budget of pounds 9bn is a
great deal.

"Hospital facilities for children should not be dependent on charity to be
provided but I do admire the dedication and commitment of those behind the
Noah's Ark Appeal.

"I hope the council's contribution will allow the first pounds 5m target to be
reached and unlock another pounds 4.5m from the National Assembly."

The council is taking the pounds 250,000 from its corporate initiatives fund.
Lyn Jones, chairman of the appeal trustees, said: "We are absolutely delighted
with this donation. Cardiff County Council has really come up trumps and their
generosity will make a big difference - almost doubling the amount we anticipate
from the Ian Botham walk.

"Taken together, it will add more than pounds 500,000 to the appeal which means
we have now reached pounds 4m."

An assembly spokeswoman reacted to Mr Goodway's criticism.

She said: "The children's hospital is a phased development.

The idea of the children's hospital has developed with the re-provision of
existing paediatric services at the University Hospital of Wales, Cardiff, into
better, modern accommodation, which is called Phase 1a, the capital costs
(pounds 3.7m) of which are to be provided from charitable sources. This was the
business case put forward by the trust.

"The assembly has supported this phase by providing pounds 4.5m for Phase 1b
which will complete the initial work by bringing together all acute and
specialist paediatric services.

"Future development of the hospital, where changes in service provision and/or
location are required, will be subject to public consultation exercises.

"The assembly cannot prejudge the outcome of public consultations and cannot,
therefore, commit funding to schemes subject to them."

DO YOU AGREE WITH THE COUNCIL'S DECISION?

William Donaldson, 64, Riverside: "They should make it four times that amount.

Cardiff is a capital city and should have a children's hospital."

Drew Wade, 19, Pontyclun: "Taxpayers' money is usually spent very poorly so its
good to see it's being spent on something worthwhile."

Marjorie Owen, 85, Llandaff, Cardiff: "I agree with it as I think the appeal
needs the money, especially as it's for children."

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2002 Western Mail and Echo Ltd


                              851 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 19, 2014 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces Infrastructure Investments to Help Grow Rural
Businesses and Spur Economic Development

LENGTH: 651  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

As part of the Obama Administration's efforts to invest in infrastructure that
will expand opportunity for all Americans, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
today awarded organizations in 14 states loans and grants to support rural
infrastructure, job creation efforts and business development.

"Our small rural businesses need first-class infrastructure to be world-class
competitors in the global economy," Vilsack said. "To achieve our
community-based development goals, USDA is investing in the infrastructure of
the rural economy by providing loans and grants to local partners who can
leverage the funds with other financing for projects that have broad economic
impacts."

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Under this program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and
grants to utilities that lend funds to local businesses for projects to create
and retain employment in rural areas. These revolving loan funds broaden the
program's reach and create a multiplier effect for its impact.

This funding will help organizations such as the Benton Rural Electric
Association in Washington State, which will use a $750,000 loan and a $300,000
grant to expand the wastewater treatment facility at the port of Sunnyside. This
project serves value-added agricultural processing facilities in the Pacific
Northwest. With improvements made possible by this investment, 50 jobs will be
created and 263 others will be saved.

The Southern Pine Electric Power Association in Taylorsville, Miss., is
receiving a $2 million loan that will be used to help Polk's Food Products
remodel internal refrigerant and process control systems at its
50,000-square-foot plant in Magee, Miss. The project will help save 115 jobs in
Simpson County, a persistent poverty area. USDA is assisting Simpson County
through its StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity, an effort
launched in 2010 to reduce poverty by increasing investments in rural
communities through outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders,
businesses, foundations and other groups working to combat poverty.

In total, Vilsack announced today $22.3 million in loans and grants for REDLG
projects in 14 states.

USDA Rural Development also announced today that its state offices are providing
funding for other infrastructure projects, including $2.3 million in Water and
Waste Disposal loan and grant assistance for Cobden, Ill., to replace its
municipal wastewater treatment plant, an $8.3 million Community Facilities
direct loan to construct a science lab/cafeteria/administrative space at the
high school in Santa Maria, Texas, and a $2.3 million Water and Waste Disposal
loan and grant combination to help Clear Lake, S.D., make improvements to its
sanitary sewer system.

Awards for the recipients of the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program and other infrastructure assistance are contingent upon the recipients
meeting the terms of the loan or grant agreement.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the REDLG program has helped
create or save more than 25,000 rural jobs, provided almost $202 million in
economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, expanded
health care and educational facilities and has either expanded or helped
establish almost 1,000 rural businesses and community projects.

The REDLG awards announced today are part of the Obama Administration's overall
effort to support rural business development and expansion for a stronger
American economy. USDA is also highlighting support for rural small businesses
as part of National Small Business Week, held this year May 12-16, to celebrate
the critical contributions of small business owners and entrepreneurs.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Yukon News (Yukon)

                          February 25, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Sun suddenly shines on Yukon College

BYLINE: Barbara McLeod, Yukon News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 481  words


Yukon College will have an extra million dollars to spend in the upcoming school
year.

"It's nice to be able to deliver good news," Education minister John Edzerza
told a small crowd at the college Tuesday, as he showed off his vintage Yukon
College journeyman welding certificate.

It is good news, agreed college president Sally Webber.

"Erosion of our financial resources has cast a shadow over our enthusiasm and
our creativity.

"I would like to thank the minister for removing that shadow. As of today, it is
sunny."

Although Webber and Edzerza concur the announcement is sunny and good, they were
short on any other specifics.

The college has seen no increase in funding for the past decade. Last year was
particularly difficult.

After dipping into its reserves to balance the budget, the college released an
economic-impact study recommending the additional million dollars in support
from the territorial government, which currently provides 60 per cent of its
operating grant.

It also absorbed seven full-time positions with layoffs and attrition.

It is unclear how the new money will be used to repair and rebuild, or to
initiate new programs.

"It's going to take a few weeks to answer," said Webber. "This news is very
new."

Although allusions were made to the college's "strategic plan" for programming
priorities, college board of governors chair David Neufeld did not elaborate on
its direction.

"It's not often articulated in concrete items," he said during the announcement
in which he called the college, "a place of dreams."

But Webber hinted the college's staffing situation will be dictated by the
market.

"We will be certainly examining the demand for positions in light of the demand
for programs."

Webber predicts "new and newly aligned programs" in response to economic
development and First Nations self-government.

But she may be hard-pressed to commit much of the money to new initiatives.

The college and its 14 community campuses secure their $11-million annual budget
in year-to-year funding arrangements.

Edzerza can only make promises until the next election, but he says the top-up
will be available as long as he is minister.

"I'm not about to go in and initiate something like this for one year," he said.
"I can assure you that it will be for the rest of my mandate, for sure."

Edzerza would not speculate on how the new money could buttress the plan to open
the Yukon Native Teacher Education Program to non-aboriginal students.

"I think the changes to the YNTEP would probably take place if there wasn't this
budget because it's about bridging the gap. It's about creating unity in the
territory."

The ambiguity of the announcement was met with applause from the 50 or so
students and staff at a question-and-answer forum.

No one, however, had any questions for Ross, Edzerza or Neufeld.

A spending plan will have to be completed soon. The college's fiscal year begins
July 1st.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2004 Yukon News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              853 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 examiner.co.uk

                      January 5, 2015 Monday 12:51 PM GMT

Finance Yorkshire fully invests £30m fund;
A fund set up to back Yorkshire firms has made 694 investments in businesses
across the region to support 8,716 jobs

BYLINE: By Henryk Zientek

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 611 words


A group backing Yorkshire businesses has hailed 2014 as a success.

Finance Yorkshire has fully invested its £90m fund into companies in Yorkshire
and Humber ahead of schedule.

The fund has made 694 investments in businesses across the region - several of
them in Kirklees - to create or safeguard 8,716 jobs and increase overall
turnover in Yorkshire and Humber by £223m.

Finance Yorkshire is the first European JEREMIE (Joint European Resources for
Micro to medium Enterprise) initiative to become fully invested in England. The
fund is backed by grants from the UK Government and European Regional
Development Fund and finance from the European Investment Bank.

Investments made during the past 12 months have included an equity-linked
investment of £250,000 to Shelley-based soil investigation firm Rogers
Geotechnical Services Ltd.

Among others, Huddersfield-based infection control products firm MTP Innovations
landed £400,000 to promote its innovative product range in the NHS and target
new and broader markets.

And Brighouse-based Cloud services provider Vapour Media received a second
significant investment from Finance Yorkshire.

Alex McWhirter, chief executive of Finance Yorkshire, said: "I am delighted that
we are the first JEREMIE fund to become fully invested in England.

"Despite operating in a challenging economic climate, we have exceeded our
performance targets. It's a success story of which Yorkshire and Humber can be
proud.

"Many SMEs across the region have found it difficult to access finance via the
traditional routes over recent years. We have been able to provide investment to
fill this finance gap for many businesses, enabling them to expand and create
jobs in the region.

"The fund will now be managed through the next five years during which time it
is anticipated that a significant legacy fund can be created for the region for
investment back into more businesses in Yorkshire and the Humber.

"Finance Yorkshire is working with stakeholders to secure further funding to
ensure there is continuity to business investment in the region during 2015 and
we expect to make a further announcement on this very soon."

James Newman, chairman of Finance Yorkshire, and chairman of the Sheffield City
Region Local Enterprise Partnership (LEP) said: "This is a significant milestone
for everyone associated with the fund.

"Finance Yorkshire's investments have given businesses a timely boost that has
led to other private sector direct investment and more employment opportunities
being created.

"With growth firmly back on the business agenda, the economic impact of this
fund cannot be underestimated.

"It is, therefore, vital that a second JEREMIE fund is created in 2015 so that
all the good work done by Finance Yorkshire is not lost and it can continue to
support businesses in Yorkshire and Humber.

"I am hoping that all four of the Yorkshire and Humber LEPs will support this
important initiative so we can all build on the excellent performance so far for
the benefit of the region's economy."

In November, 2014, Finance Yorkshire was named Alternative Finance Firm of the
Year at the Yorkshire Dealmakers Awards, organised by Yorkshire Business Insider
magazine.

Finance Yorkshire provides seedcorn, loan and equity linked investments, ranging
from £15,000 to £2m to help a range of small and medium-sized businesses meet
their funding requirements for growth and development.

The project is supported by the European Union. It has attracted £30m investment
from the European Regional Development Fund as part of Europe's support for the
region's economic development, £15m from UK Government and £45m match funding
from the European Investment Bank.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBHDE


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              854 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            January 17, 2017 Tuesday

Federal inmates in Utah and nationwide hope for commutations before Obama's term
ends

BYLINE: By Pamela Manson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 1399 words


Pauline K. Blake, a West Valley City woman who was serving a 24-year drug
sentence in federal prison, was released last month after President Barack Obama
shaved about a decade off her term through a commutation grant.

Anthony Fridleifson, another Utahn doing time for drug-related crimes, will have
to stay put for awhile. After more than a decade behind bars, he was hoping to
get out soon, but his request that his 15-year sentence be shortened was denied
on Jan. 6. No reason for the rejection was given.

For other federal inmates in Utah and nationwide who have applied for
presidential clemency, the clock is still ticking. Obama leaves office on Friday
and prisoners and their advocates are hoping for more rounds of commutations.

"Whatever your belief is about punishment, you have to ask what is the goal of
more punishment at this point," said Jeff Corey, a Salt Lake City attorney who
represented Fridlefison for free in his clemency bid.

Corey is disappointed that Fridleifson's commutation request was rejected and he
is concerned that some inmates might get overlooked in the rush to deal with all
the pending petitions.

"There are a lot of good candidates," he said.

Article II, Section 2 of the U.S. Constitution grants executive clemency power
to the president. Only federal criminal offenses are eligible for a presidential
pardon, commutation of sentence, reprieve or remission of a fine or
restitution.cc

All requests for executive clemency for federal offenses are directed to the
Office of the Pardon Attorney for investigation and preparation of the
Department of Justice's recommendation to the president.cc

In 2014, the Justice Department announced an initiative to encourage qualified
federal inmates to petition to have their sentences commuted by the president.
Under the initiative, the department prioritizes clemency applications from
inmates who meet all of the following factors:cc

- They are currently serving a federal sentence in prison and, by operation of
law, likely would have received a substantially lower sentence if convicted of
the same offenses today;cc

- They are non-violent, low-level offenders without significant ties to
large-scale criminal organizations, gangs or cartels;cc

- They have served at least 10 years of their sentence;cc

- They do not have a significant criminal history;cc

- They have demonstrated good conduct in prison; andcc

- They have no history of violence prior to or during their current term of
imprisonment.

As of Dec. 31, Obama had commuted the sentences of 1,176 individuals, including
395 who were serving life behind bars, and granted 148 pardons, according to
statistics from the Office of the Pardon Attorney.

On Tuesday, he issued 209 more commutations, including one inmate convicted in
Utah. He also issued 64 pardons, which included one prisoner convicted in Utah.

During his two terms as president, Obama has granted clemency to a total of 14
people convicted in federal court in Utah, according to the Office of the Pardon
Attorney.

The sentence commutations are greater than the combined total of the
commutations issued by the previous 11 presidents, according to White House
counsel Neil Eggleston.ccAfter Obama issued 231 grants of clemency on Dec. 19,
Eggleston wrote in a news release that "the common thread of rehabilitation"
underlies each clemency recipient's story.

"For the commutation recipient, it is the story of an individual who has made
the most of his or her time in prison, by participating in educational courses,
vocational training, and drug treatment," Eggleston said. "These are the stories
that demonstrate the successes that can be achieved ccc by both individuals and
society ccc in a nation of second chances."

At the end of 2016, 2,154 pardon petitions and 13,568 commutation petitions were
pending. A dozen of those pending requests for shorter sentences were from
inmates represented by attorneys recruited by the Utah Federal Defender's Office
to assist them without pay. (The number of other prisoners convicted in federal
court in Utah who have filed their petitions directly to the Office of the
Pardon Attorney was not available).

According to Clemency Project 2014, more than 36,000 federal prisoners have
requested volunteer assistance with commutation requests. The Washington,
D.C.-based organization ccc a group of lawyers and advocates that recruits and
trains attorneys to assist prisoners at no cost with their petitions ccc says a
"painstaking review" of 35,500 of those requests show the overwhelming majority
did not meet the criteria listed by the Department of Justice.

Cynthia Roseberry, the organization's project manager, said the requests that
fall squarely in the criteria generally are from non-violent drug offenders who
likely would have received a shorter prison term if they were sentenced today.

"We are better stewards of tax dollars when we don't incarcerate people who
don't need to be incarcerated," Roseberry said. "President Obama has balanced
public safety and moral issues with the economic impact."

More than 2,500 petitions, including about half of the 1,176 commutations
granted through the end of 2016, were submitted through Clemency Project 2014,
Roseberry said earlier this month. She was hopeful many more would be acted on
this week.

Before the latest round of presidential clemency, Paul Cassell, a University of
Utah law professor and former federal judge, had said he wouldn't be surprised
to see a number of petitions acted on in the last days of Obama's term.

"Historically, when a president is leaving office and a new president is coming
to town, it's often been an occasion for a number of pardons and commutations
being granted," he said.

Cassell ccc who thinks the 2014 criteria for deciding who gets clemency are good
ccc has written letters supporting presidential clemency for two defendants he
sentenced to mandatory life terms while on the federal bench from 2002 to 2007.

One was Joe R. Alvardo, who was convicted of methamphetamine-related charges in
2004. The Ogden man, who once had no chance of ever leaving prison, was granted
a commutation last year and is now slated for release on Aug. 3, 2018.

The other was Weldon Angelos, a Utah music producer who was found guilty of gun
and drug charges in 2003. Angelos was never granted clemency but did receive an
immediate sentence reduction last May.

There is no parole in the federal system, which means offenders serve out their
entire term, minus any "good time" credit they earn for their behavior in
prison. There is no possibility of parole for lifers.

Blake, now 51, was arrested in 2000 at a lab in a Salt Lake City building, where
police found chemicals and other items associated with methamphetamine
production and use. She was found guilty of six drug-related felonies and
originally sentenced to 210 months behind bars, a "downward departure" from the
federal sentencing guideline range.

In 2004, Blake was resentenced to 292 months after prosecutors successfully
challenged the departure at the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. She was
released from a federal prison on Dec. 1.

Fridleifson said in his clemency petition that he has turned his life around in
federal prison.

"If I am granted clemency it will give me a second chance to be successful in
life," he wrote in a letter included in his commutation petition. "I will not do
drugs again because my grandkids, daughter needs me and I want to be with them
watch them grow up and I want to buy a house."

Fridleifson concluded: "p.s. One last thing. Prison taught me that I don't want
to ever come back. It's really that bad in prison."

Corey, Fridleifson's attorney, said the 42-year-old man was a "minion" whose
involvement in a drug conspiracy consisted of street-level distribution of
methamphetamine a few times in December 2005. The petition also says Fridleifson
was productive in prison, completing 23 educational courses and successfully
completing a program to break his addiction to drugs.

"I think he's incredibly deserving [of clemency]," Corey said. "What he did was
so long ago and he's paid a huge price for it and he's done everything asked of
him."

Although he won't be getting out immediately, Fridleifson might not have much
longer to wait for freedom. The Federal Bureau of Prison has a projected release
date of Oct. 15, 2018, which includes credit for good time.

pmanson@sltrib.com

Twitter: @PamelaMansonSLC

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 11, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Annapolis Bid Captures Horse Park;
State Hopes Equestrian Center Bolsters Weak Industry

BYLINE: Nelson Hernandez, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B01

LENGTH: 735 words


The Maryland Stadium Authority chose an 875-acre site near Annapolis yesterday
to be the home of a state-run equestrian park that officials want to open by
2009 to boost the region's horse industry.

The park, which would host such equestrian competitions as dressage and jumping,
would include a 5,000-seat arena, an outdoor amphitheater, six to 12 outdoor
show rings and 800 to 1,200 stalls.

The site at the U.S. Naval Academy Dairy Farm in Gambrills, northwest of
Annapolis, was selected over a bid from Cecil County in the state's northeastern
corner.

State officials said Annapolis city leaders' bid won, in large part, because the
site is near several major roads, hotels and Baltimore-Washington International
Airport.

Over the next two months, architects and economic consultants will calculate
construction costs and how much money the park might bring to the state,
according to the stadium authority's executive director, Alison L. Asti. Then,
she said, the authority will propose a bill to the General Assembly during its
next legislative session to seek bond financing.

The stadium authority will have to negotiate a long-term lease of the dairy
farm, which is owned by the Naval Academy. Although until recently it supplied
milk to the Brigade of Midshipmen, the farm's most famous inhabitants are Bill
XXXI and Bill XXXII, the goats that are used as the Navy sports mascot.

"We are certainly encouraged by the [state's] interest in the long-term leasing
of the dairy farm," said Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, academy spokesman, noting that the
school is legally obliged to keep using it for an agricultural purpose.

Maryland officials hope that the park will bolster the state's $1.6 billion
horse industry at a time when it is struggling. Last week, the owners of the
state's two largest racetracks presented a plan to drastically scale back the
sport, including reducing the number of racing days at Baltimore's historic
Pimlico track from 60 days a year to 26.

Asti would not predict the proposed equestrian park's cost or economic impact.
But she said the project, which has nothing to do with horse racing, would be
"equivalent or better than" the Kentucky Horse Park in Lexington. The Kentucky
park receives about $1 million in state subsidies a year and generates $163
million in economic activity, as well as $17.7 million in state and local taxes,
she said.

The Maryland park is likely to compete with two horse centers operating in
Virginia: the privately run, 1,200-acre Morven Park International Equestrian
Center near Leesburg and the state-owned, 600-acre Virginia Horse Center in
Lexington, in the Shenandoah Valley.

Officials from both Virginia parks have been watching the Maryland initiative
closely, with some saying that the competition could bolster the horse industry
in both states and others saying that the Maryland park could reduce the number
of horse exhibitors willing to travel to the Virginia parks.

Both the Annapolis and Cecil County proposals faced local opposition. Some Cecil
residents were worried about crowds, trash and noise; in Annapolis, Anne Arundel
County Executive Janet S. Owens (D) gave the plan lukewarm support, saying it
could worsen traffic and create more pressure for development in the area.

The debate was resolved when Annapolis chose to focus its bid on the dairy farm
rather than on a site closer to Crownsville.

Asti said the local arguments were "not a key factor." Rather, the authority's
board was worried that if the park were in Cecil, its economic impact would be
dispersed out of the state because visitors would be more likely to go to
Pennsylvania and Delaware to eat, sleep and shop.

Anne Arundel horse enthusiasts and officials said they were delighted by the
decision.

"I'm jumping up and down, let me tell you," said Christy Clagett, a farmer and
thoroughbred breeder from southern Anne Arundel. Clagett was hopeful that the
park could slow growth by prompting more horse breeders to buy out farms now
being sold to developers and giving farmers a market for hay and straw.

"It will be a win-win, in my opinion, because we get the open space [and]
because we get the farmers to stay farming," Clagett said.

"The horse was real important in our early history, and it's only appropriate
that the horse is coming back," said Annapolis Mayor Ellen O. Moyer (D), who
owns a thoroughbred horse. "We're coming full circle."

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              856 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                      March 13, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Dominion East Ohio Distributes $110,000 in Community Impact Awards

LENGTH: 1189  words


New Delhi, March 13 -- Dominion East Ohio today presented $110,000 in grants to
12 winning community organizations in its 18th annual Community Impact Awards
competition, co-sponsored with Inside Business Magazine.

A panel of community judges chose the winners from among 90 entries, submitted
by organizations throughout northeast Ohio. The award recognizes cities or
organizations that have made an impact in the community. The Dominion
Foundation, the philanthropic arm of Dominion Resources Inc., Dominion East
Ohio's parent company, funds the Community Impact grants. The Dominion
Foundation is dedicated to the economic, physical and social health of the
communities that Dominion companies serve.



"Dominion is proud to support these outstanding organizations and recognize the
valuable contributions they have made to their communities," says Scott Miller,
Dominion East Ohio vice president and general manager. "We hope that these
award-winning projects would inspire and empower other organizations throughout
our service area to pursue their own projects to revitalize local communities."

Since 1996, Dominion East Ohio has distributed more than $1.1 million in
Community Impact Awards to organizations throughout its service area.

This year's Community Impact Award winners are:

* The Rid-All Foundation received $15,000 for its Rid-All Green Partnership,
which transformed a former dumpsite on Cleveland's East Side into a thriving
urban farm. The farm stands on a 1.3-acre site, once known as the "Forgotten
Triangle," Cleveland's most notorious illegal dumping zone. The site, located
near the intersection of East 82nd Street and Kinsman Avenue, now contains two
greenhouses and aquaculture facilities that have produced more than 3,000
farm-raised tilapia fish.

* The Cleveland Playhouse Foundation received $15,000 for its Power of Three
project, collaborating with Cleveland State University and PlayhouseSquare to
design and construct three state-of-the art- theater venues. The project moved
the Cleveland Playhouse downtown and providing a new home for CSU's Department
of Theatre and Dance. The $32 million joint effort has attracted nearly 75,000
new visitors to the area and generated $14 million in economic impact.

* Ohio & Erie Canalway Coalition received $10,000 as winner of the inaugural
special Environmental Award. Founded in 1989, the coalition has worked to
preserve, develop and interpret recreational resources, while revitalizing the
once-neglected Ohio & Erie Canal. The Coalition has developed 86 miles of the
101-mile Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, with the remaining 15 miles in the
planning and development process. In 2012, Summit County became the first county
to complete all the miles of the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (41) within its
boundaries. The Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail serves 2.5 million hikers,
bicyclists and equestrians annually through Cuyahoga, Summit, Stark and
Tuscarawas counties

* Youngstown Business Incubator received $10,000 in recognition of its client
companies generating a combined $76 million in economic impact within the
Mahoning Valley in 2012. YBI companies generated $41 million in salaries and
area expenditures, along with $2.2 million in local tax payments. YBI companies
created 610 jobs, 407 of which are located in downtown Youngtown, at an average
salary of $52,000.

* Cleveland Zoological Society received $10,000 in honor of the Cleveland
MetroParks Zoo's $25 million African Elephant Crossing exhibit, which has
attracted more than 2.5 million visitors since its 2011 opening. African
Elephant Crossing, a world-class elephant care and conservation center, houses
one bull and four female elephants. The elephants share the exhibit with an
African rock python, naked mole rats and a variety of African birds.

* The Akron Marathon Charitable Foundation received $10,000 in recognition of
attracting 15,000 participants from 43 states in 2012 to its various events,
including its signature, 26.2-mile race, half marathon, five-member team relay
and Kids Fun Race. A pre-race Health Fitness Expo attracted 20,000 attendees.
The 3,000 thousand volunteers contributed 10,000 hours of service to conduct the
event, which attracted 120,000 spectators.

* Arts in Stark received $10,000 for its SmArts Program, which integrates arts
and academics as a way of improving participating students' test scores. SmArts
has borne fruit in participating districts. For example, in Massillon City
Schools, SmArt participating students achieved 100 percent passing rates in both
reading and math.

* Downtown Cleveland Alliance received $10,000 for SEEDS, a program that
provides specialized landscaping and planter maintenance training for men
working to transition from homelessness. The organization worked in partnership
with Lutheran Metropolitan Ministries (LMM) to develop the program. An initial
group of 14 men participated in a six-month pilot program, working up to 24
hours per week and earning minimum wage, while learning marketable gardening and
landscaping skills.

* Cleveland's Burten, Bell, Carr Development, Inc. (BBC) received $5,000 for its
Market, Cafe & Community Kitchen Healthy Food Access Initiative. BBC built an
oasis of healthy food options in the midst of Cleveland's Kinsman neighborhood,
which the U.S. Department of Agriculture had labeled a "food desert," because it
was underserved by a full-service supermarket. To remedy the situation, BBC
built, at a local shopping plaza, Bridgeport Cafe, which features a restaurant
and indoor market focusing on healthy food retail.

* Youngstown Neighborhood Development Corporation received $5,000 for its Paint
Youngstown program, which has helped increase homeowner investment and improved
the appearance of local neighborhoods. Paint Youngstown performed 60 limited
repair projects and 14 full home rehabilitations on properties owned by
low-income city residents who were in danger of code violations. These repairs
affected 193 individuals in 74 households. These 74 repaired and rehabbed homes
have improved surrounding property values and influenced future growth in these
neighborhoods.

* Greater Cleveland Film Commission received $5,000 for its work promoting
northeast Ohio as a major motion picture production location. CGFC attracted six
major film productions to northeast Ohio in 2011-2012 alone, including the
blockbuster, The Avengers. GFC spearheaded the 2009 passage of the Ohio Motion
Picture Tax Credit, which helped attract 27 film productions to Ohio, including
16 to northeast Ohio. Since 2009, those productions have generated an estimated
901 full-time equivalent jobs for the region, producing a total economic impact
of $113 million in direct filmmaker spending statewide, including $87 million in
northeast Ohio.

* Youngstown CityScape, Inc. received $5,000 for spearheading revitalization of
Wick Park, the centerpiece of an historic neighborhood on the city's North Side.
Meanwhile, $32.8 million of investment in the vicinity of the 34-acre park,
including a new CVS Pharmacy and the Flats at Wick student housing project, are
helping to strengthen the neighborhood.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 22, 2014 Saturday

Treece airport plan to be heard

BYLINE: Tom Troy, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1144 words


March 22--The Treece family proposal to take over operations of Toledo Express
Airport will get a hearing before Toledo City Council's economic development
committee even though no specific plan for moving forward is before council.

Councilman Rob Ludeman, the committee chairman, confirmed Friday he has extended
an offer to Dock Treece and his sons and business partners, Dock David Treece,
27, and Benjamin Treece, 25, to appear before his committee. Mr. Ludeman said he
is not aware of any initiatives planned either by the mayor or by any members of
council to seek bids or proposals to put the city-owned airport up for sale.

"I don't think council would take that initiative, but I think it's been
newsworthy enough, and I've had conversations with the Treeces and Jerry Parker,
who represents them, that I think it's worth council having an educational
hearing," Mr. Ludeman said.

He said if the city agreed that there was a need to privatize the airport, which
has been managed by the Toledo-Lucas County Port Authority since 1973, it would
be done through a national request for proposals.

The meeting's purpose, as explained in an email from Mr. Ludeman's legislative
aide to Treece lawyer Mr. Parker and Paul Toth, the port authority's president
and chief executive, will be a "general discussion of the feasibility of selling
the airport and a presentation of the Treeces' Concept Plan regarding the
Airport."

Mr. Ludeman's office proposed a hearing in council chambers between April 28 and
May 9.

Mayor D. Michael Collins has said he has no plan to propose privatizing Toledo
Express Airport. His public information officer, Lisa Ward, declined to comment
Friday on whether it was a good idea for council to provide a platform for the
Treece proposal in the absence of an administration plan to delve into airport
operations.

The port authority leases the airport from the city for $1 a year and runs it at
no cost to the city, including when the airport operates at a deficit, as it did
in 2011 and 2012 because of a steep decline in air-freight business.

This year, the port authority reported an increase in passenger traffic for the
first time in a decade.

Dock Treece, president of Treece Investment Advisory Corp., and his sons have
proposed a lease-purchase of the airport for the same annual $1 rent with the
option to sell airport land and run the airport on a for-profit basis.

They contend the port authority is not aggressively managing the airport, while
they would bring more businesses such as jet-repair facilities, and sell off
airport land to generate more economic activity. Port officials have defended
their airport marketing and said the Treeces have proposed no ideas that have
not already been tried or are being used.

Since their idea became public last October, the Treece airport initiative has
attracted no significant business or political backing, and some national
aviation experts have said airport privatization is not a growing trend and is a
complicated project at best.

The sale of airport land would be scrutinized by the Federal Aviation
Administration, which could require repayment of millions of dollars in grants
that have been provided over the years to develop and modernize the airport.

Additionally, the Toledo Regional Chamber of Commerce has warned against giving
too much credence to the Treece plan because it might send a message of
"instability" to the U.S. Department of Defense, which supports the Ohio Air
National Guard's 180th Fighter Wing base at the airport.

That military installation has been calculated to have an annual local economic
impact of $198 million.

Jerry Chabler, chairman of the port board's airport committee, said the Treeces
are not experienced in airport management and are more interested in developing
real estate, as suggested by the fact that Mr. Parker is best known locally as a
real-estate lawyer. Mr. Ludeman is a Realtor as well.

"That should give city council a clue what their real interest is. I think it'll
be an exercise in futility once the councilmen hear about it," Mr. Chabler said.
"We've asked for their business plan now for six months. They kept promising it
and they never produced it. It's city council's decision because they own the
property. I think it would be an unwise decision."

Most of council's economic development committee members reached by The Blade on
Friday said they looked forward to the Treece presentation, and saw it as a
legitimate use of committee time. However, none has seen the detailed business
plan the Treeces have promised, and none is aware of any plan to put the airport
operation out for bid.

"If we're losing money [at the airport], then we have to know how to generate
revenue," said Larry Sykes, committee vice chairman. "If it makes good business
sense we'll bring it to the full council and vote on it. I'm expecting them to
go further into detail."

"I'm definitely interested in hearing what they have to offer," councilman Matt
Cherry said before remarking he has not yet learned enough to support or oppose
the idea.

Councilman Mike Craig, meanwhile, said he doubted Matt Sapara, "the guy we pay
to do economic development," would support airport privatization. Mr. Sapara is
Mayor Collins' economic development director and a former chief operating
officer for the port authority.

"On the face of it, it doesn't look like a good idea," Mr. Craig said of the
Treece plan. "I would have to see their full proposal, but there are some
federal funds that we have to make sure we protect."

Committee members Theresa Gabriel and Sandy Spang were not immediately available
for comment Friday night.

Mr. Sapara said Friday he was unfamiliar with the Treece plan and had no opinion
about it.

The Treeces vowed in 2013 to release a detailed business plan for taking over
operations of Toledo Express Airport early in 2014, but said in January they
would not do so. At the time, Dock David Treece said the plan "will remain
private until we know what subsequent steps will be taken by the city of
Toledo."

Contacted Friday, both Dock Treece and Dock David Treece refused to comment. The
elder Mr. Treece said the family would not respond to questions from The Blade
until they get an apology from the newspaper for comments by columnist Keith
Burris about them and their capability of running the airport.

In December, the Treeces created a Web site, toledoairports.com, that contains
information about their businesses. They say they own an aircraft leasing
company and the elder Treece is a licensed pilot. They published on their Web
site a marketability study suggesting ways they believe the airport could be
better commercialized.

Contact Tom Troy: tomtroy@theblade.com or 419--724-6058 or an Twitter @TomFTroy.

___ (c)2014 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140322-TO-Treece-airport-plan-to-be-heard-0322-20140322

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2014 The Blade


                              858 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Finance provider hails £90m funding success

SECTION: KIRKLEES BUSINESS;BUSINESS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 612 words


A group backing Yorkshire businesses has hailed 2014 as a success.

Finance Yorkshire has fully invested its £90m fund into companies in Yorkshire
and Humber ahead of schedule.

The fund has made 694 investments in businesses across the region - several of
them in Kirklees - to create or safeguard 8,716 jobs and increase overall
turnover in Yorkshire and Humber by £223m.

Finance Yorkshire is the first European JEREMIE (Joint European Resources for
Micro to medium Enterprise) initiative to become fully invested in England. The
fund is backed by grants from the UK Government and European Regional
Development Fund and finance from the European Investment Bank.

Investments made during the past 12 months have included an equity-linked
investment of £250,000 to Shelley-based soil investigation firm Rogers
Geotechnical Services Ltd.

Among others, Huddersfield-based infection control products firm MTP Innovations
landed £400,000 to promote its innovative product range in the NHS and target
new and broader markets.

And Brighouse-based Cloud services provider Vapour Media received a second
significant investment from Finance Yorkshire.

Alex McWhirter, chief executive of Finance Yorkshire, said: "I am delighted that
we are the first JEREMIE fund to become fully invested in England. "Despite
operating in a challenging economic climate, we have exceeded our performance
targets. It's a success story of which Yorkshire and Humber can be proud.

"Many SMEs across the region have found it diffi-cult to access finance via the
traditional routes over recent years. We have been able to provide investment to
fill this finance gap for many businesses, enabling them to expand and create
jobs in the region.

"The fund will now be managed through the next five years during which time it
is anticipated that a significant legacy fund can be created for the region for
investment back into more businesses in Yorkshire and the Humber.

"Finance Yorkshire is working with stakeholders to secure further funding to
ensure there is continuity to business investment in the region during 2015 and
we expect to make a further announcement on this very soon."

James Newman, chairman of Finance Yorkshire, and chairman of the Sheffield City
Region Local Enterprise Partnership (LEP) said: "This is a signifi-cant
milestone for everyone associated with the fund.

"Finance Yorkshire's investments have given businesses a timely boost that has
led to other private sector direct investment and more employment opportunities
being created.

"With growth firmly back on the business agenda, the economic impact of this
fund cannot be underestimated.

"It is, therefore, vital that a second JEREMIE fund is created in 2015 so that
all the good work done by Finance Yorkshire is not lost and it can continue to
support businesses in Yorkshire and Humber.

"I am hoping that all four of the Yorkshire and Humber LEPs will support this
important initiative so we can all build on the excellent performance so far for
the benefit of the region's economy."

In November, 2014, Finance Yorkshire was named Alternative Finance Firm of the
Year at the Yorkshire Dealmakers Awards, organised by Yorkshire Business Insider
magazine.

Finance Yorkshire provides seedcorn, loan and equity linked investments, ranging
from £15,000 to £2m to help a range of small and medium-sized businesses meet
their funding requirements for growth and development.

The project is supported by the European Union. It has attracted £30m investment
from the European Regional Development Fund as part of Europe's support for the
region's economic development, £15m from UK Government and £45m match funding
from the European Investment Bank.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alex McWhirter, chief executive of Finance Yorkshire, said the fund had
exceeded its performance targets

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDE


                           Copyright 2015 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            September 4, 2016 Sunday

How mentoring changed a young man teetering between 2nd chance and jail;
Bostonian Taquari Milton wanted to change his life, but didn't know how. A
mentor from My Brother's Keeper helped him find his way back to a college-bound
track.

BYLINE: Josh Kenworthy Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 1311 words


On a hot summer morning, Tanisha Freeman sits in the front row at the Bruce C.
Bolling Municipal Building in the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston, dabbing tears
from under her glasses. As she listens to her 21-year-old son, Taquari Milton,
tell the audience how he turned his life around, she knows things almost turned
out very differently.

Ms. Freeman, a Boston public school teacher and single mom, had long had her
son's future mapped out - he would excel in school before leaving for Morehouse
College, a historically black school in Atlanta. From there, she felt, he could
write his own ticket.

But halfway through high school, her studious child started "hanging out with
the wrong crowd," she says - to the point that he became embroiled in two,
years-long legal cases, requiring numerous appearances in court. He washed out
of two high schools and lost a job. His family was kicked out of their home
after his landlord learned of his legal troubles. Mr. Milton's life was
teetering between a second chance and incarceration.

"At the time I thought that was the end of the road, that I would just be
another black boy from America," Milton tells the crowd at an event marking two
years since Boston Mayor Martin Walsh began championing President Obama's
nationwide mentoring initiative, My Brother's Keeper (MBK). "After my second
[court] case threatened my mother's job and my family's livelihood again, I knew
it was time to grow up."

But neither Milton nor his mother knew where to turn until a chance encounter
suggested that his desire for redemption could become reality.

'I need help ... I need a mentor'

Boston is home to more than 55,000 young black and Latino males - about half of
the city's male population under age 25, and 67 percent of all the city's males
age 17 and under, according to a new report by Root Cause, a consulting firm.
Like many cities across the country, its social and economic future hinges in
large part on helping a growing population of young men like Milton to stay on a
productive track and prosper, researchers say, noting that by 2030, the majority
of young American workers will be people of color.

Yet even as Boston is credited with substantial efforts to boost the prospects
of young boys and men of color - ages 14 to 24 - the report's authors say
progress has stagnated on important measures like meeting math and reading
standards and graduating from high school actually ready for college or work.

Milton was failing on both those fronts when he bumped into Conan Harris, a
long-time family friend who now heads the MBK initiative in Boston.

"It was just kind of like this desperate plea: 'I need work, I need help, I need
a mentor,' " Freeman says.

To Freeman's delight, Mr. Harris responded. "Conan just started with him - they
took baby steps - they went places, they traveled, they would have lunch
together ... it's been nothing but greatness since then," she says with pride.

But for many boys and young men of color, that kind of connection - let alone
greatness - remains elusive. Ultimately, Milton says, he decided on his own to
change his life - but Harris was an invaluable guide.

Over the past 10 years, federal, state, and local governments, along with a
handful of Boston philanthropists, have tipped more than $14 billion into
organizations that directly or indirectly affect the lives of Boston's black and
Latino youths. These cover a spectrum of needs, including academic support,
career exposure, mental health, life skills, and mentoring.

Still, minority academic achievement lags sharply, according to the Root Cause
report. By eighth grade, just 10 percent of black boys and 14 percent of Latino
boys are meeting or exceeding the reading levels expected of them, compared with
45 percent of their white peers. The gap is worse for eighth-grade math, with
around a quarter of black and Latino boys achieving at grade level or beyond,
compared with 65 percent of whites.

And when it comes to college, around a quarter of blacks and 16 percent of
Latinos have associate's degrees or higher, compared with two-thirds of whites,
reducing their earning power in almost every case.

These deficits stem in part from a "structural racism," says Andrew Wolk,
founder and CEO of Root Cause and a co-author of the report, that puts up
invisible barriers. Black students are 3-1/2 times more likely to be suspended
or expelled for the same offense committed by a white student, for example. When
it comes to job applications, white candidates are 50 percent more likely to get
a callback than their black counterparts and 19 percent more likely than Latino
applicants with "ethnic-sounding" names.

Resource rich and impact poor

The long-term economic impact is likely to be significant: "If we don't treat
[blacks and Latinos] as a potential workforce, then they become something else,
they become people, individuals, families that may not have the wherewithal, the
economic skills to move towards economic health or self-sufficiency," says James
Jennings, professor emeritus at Tufts University and a co-author.

But while Root Cause mapped 142 Boston organizations working to overcome these
barriers, Boston faces a not-uncommon problem, according to Wolk: It's "resource
rich and impact poor."

At its two-year anniversary, MBK, which operates in 250 communities nationwide,
is trying to break that pattern targeting issues from academic achievement to
job training to street violence. This year, the MBK School Success Mentor
Initiative will pair 250,000 sixth- and ninth-graders with trained mentors. In
Philadelphia, community leaders who pledged to cut in-school arrests by 50
percent have exceeded that goal.

Wanted: 50 mentors

In Boston, Walsh is only 50 mentors shy of his goal of 1,000 for the year. The
city's program is modestly funded at $100,000, but small, targeted grants can
make a big difference, says Orlando Watkins, vice president of operations at The
Boston Foundation, which is fronting half of the money.

Much of that money is for grants to individual "unsung" community leaders like
John Borders, Mr. Watkins says. Mr. Borders runs a monthly breakfast program
called Breakfast IV Brothers, which brings boys and men of color together to
talk. Root Cause noted that the boys and men it surveyed felt such small
grassroots organizations were particularly helpful, making it easier to foster
real connection.

Freeman, Milton's mom, says the kind of mentoring and advocacy Harris provided
her son was a "necessity" in helping him navigate his way out of trouble. Now,
Milton is into his second year at Boston's Bunker Hill Community College,
studying community organizing, and interning with the Violence Intervention and
Prevention division of the Boston Health Commission.

'Everything counts'

"It's no secret that the majority of our brown and black babies live in
single-parent homes, and so they don't have that sort of positive role model or
mentor to kind of help them navigate what to do, and so programs like this are
essential," she says.

Growing up, Milton, who is now 21, says the "old g's" (the neighborhood's young
men) would hang around the Dorchester streets where he lives smoking weed,
getting drunk, and playing basketball. But they would also hand out small
amounts of money to help the younger kids on the corner. That money was coming
from criminal activities, enticing the younger kids to follow the same path.

Milton was one of those young men. Today, he still hands out a dollar here or
there, but it's coming from money he earns in his internship. To Milton, just
his well-dressed presence in the community is a strong example for the
neighborhood's kids.

"Back then nothing really mattered because it was like, 'if I don't matter to
people, why should everybody else matter?'" Milton says. "But now it's like
everything fits and everything matters and everything counts."

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Taquari Milton (r.) says Conan Harris (l.), director of the My
Brother's Keeper initiative in Boston, made the difference in getting him
through very tough times as a teenager. Mr. Milton is now in college. Josh
Kenworthy/Staff writer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            October 6, 2011 Thursday

Defy unions more often, Governor

BYLINE: The Orange County Register

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. H

LENGTH: 1078 words



HIGHLIGHT: In signing, vetoing bills, Brown hasn't always sided with labor; more
opportunities await.


 Gov. Jerry Brown has been predictable and unpredictable in signing and vetoing
legislation this session, but has a few more important decisions to make before
Sunday's deadline to decide the fate of bills still on his desk.

We were pleased the governor vetoed Assembly Bill 101, which would have forced
unionization of child-care workers without a vote by those affected. To his
credit, Gov. Brown criticized this union-backed bill for its magnitude and
potential cost. Former Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed similar legislation.
Occasionally, common sense crosses party lines.

The governor also pleasantly surprised in June when he vetoed another bill
advanced by a union, Senate Bill 104, which would have made it easier to
organize farm workers by providing an alternative to a secret ballot. In that
case Mr. Brown bucked the influential United Farm Workers union, which for years
sought the legislation as a top goal.

Unfortunately, Democratic Gov. Brown was more predictable signing what critics
described as "union payoff" legislation, AB436, and another bill that catered to
union desires, SB922. Both pieces of legislation understandably were opposed by
the construction industry.

As the California Chamber of Commerce noted, AB436 "shifts funds from a program
paid for by employers to assist injured workers that were employed by
noncomplying employers to a program entirely unrelated to workers'
compensation." And SB922 threatens local transportation projects by reducing
competition and raising project costs with a requirement that local governments
agree to have only union workers on public works projects or forgo state funds.
In these cases, Mr. Brown's job-killing union sympathies prevailed over
commonsense economics.

On a nonlabor topic, the governor showed good sense signing AB768 to prevent
local jurisdictions from outlawing male circumcision. The ritual, a cornerstone
of Jewish and Muslim religions that has been safely practiced for millennia, was
targeted by a San Francisco-based group that sought a ballot measure to
criminalize circumcision of minors in San Francisco. A judge ruled the ban
violated state law. Brown's signature imposed a blanket prohibition on
anti-circumcision initiatives statewide.

But the governor also signed job-killing AB1319, which bans manufacture,
distribution and sale of infant and toddler food and beverage bottles and cups
containing bisphenol A (BPA), a softening compound. Critics said the objection
to BPA is based on unproven science and will force businesses to search for
other, more expensive solutions to prevent "problems that don't exist."

Bills still awaiting a decision on the governor's desk include these we would
prefer he veto:

SB202 by Berkeley Democratic Sen. Loni Hancock would move all citizen ballot
initiatives to the general election ballot, when Democrats have a higher voter
turnout than for primaries. Unions pushed heavily for this measure as a way to
defeat next June's planned paycheck protection measure. We object to this bill
purely because of its blatant political motives. It's also bad public policy
because it would crowd November ballots.

State Republicans held strong this session and refused Democrats' attempts to
raise taxes. Not to worry, SB508 by Davis Democratic Sen. Lois Wolk would remove
legislators from the equation and make tax increases automatic. If signed, all
tax breaks would automatically expire after 10 years. We're generally supportive
of the concept of government sunset clauses, especially with regard to
government spending and regulations. But, this bill targets only tax breaks. For
some reason, Democrats change their tune when you apply such a sunset rule to
spending programs.

The Legislature's answer to the state's high unemployment: more red tape for new
businesses. SB469 by San Diego Democratic Sen. Juan Vargas would prevent local
governments from approving a new retail "superstore" until the business has paid
for an economic impact report. This bill was crafted by labor unions to make it
even harder for nonunion retailers,Wal-Mart, for instance,to open a new store.
We need fewer regulations, not more.

AB183 by San Francisco Democratic Assemblywoman Fiona Ma is another measure
intended to punish nonunion retailers. It would prohibit alcohol sales at
self-checkout machines. This bill won't reduce underage alcohol sales because
employees already must approve these transactions at self-checkout machines.
Unions wanted this new regulation to burden Fresh and Easy, a nonunion grocery
chain that has reduced its workforce needs and pioneered self-checkout.

California's anti-gun laws are the most comprehensive in the nation, but
Democrats won't be happy until they've completely erased all gun rights in the
state. AB144 by Assemblyman Antony Portantino, D-La Cañada Flintridge, would
make it illegal to carry an unloaded handgun in public. This bill is intended to
silence gun-rights groups, who support carrying unloaded weapons as a form of
political protest. Meanwhile, AB809 by West Hollywood Democratic Assemblyman
Mike Feuer would require government records of all rifle sales in the same way
that the state currently tracks handgun transactions. Criminals don't comply
with the current gun laws and are unlikely to be hindered by these bills.

Liberal groups have long searched for a way to undermine Proposition 209, the
initiative that ended race-based admissions at California universities. SB185 by
West Covina Democratic Sen. Ed Hernandez would grant UC and Cal State campuses
the ability to consider "race, gender, ethnicity and national origin, along with
other relevant factors, in undergraduate and graduate admissions, so long as no
preference is given." Why would schools need to know an applicant's race or
gender if they cannot use it to grant preferential treatment?

Not every bill on the governor's desk is wrong-headed. Gov. Brown should sign
two bills that would strengthen personal property rights and protect our assets
from being seized by local governments. Cash-strapped local governments have
implemented sobriety checkpoints as a smokescreen for raising revenue by nabbing
drivers on other violations. AB353 by Assemblyman Gil Cedillo, D- Los Angeles,
would make it harder for police to impound a vehicle at a checkpoint. AB1389 by
Assemblyman Mike Allen, D-Santa Rosa, codifies into law Fourth Amendment rights
at DUI checkpoints that have already been granted by the state Supreme Court.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Express Business (Sri Lanka)

                              June 17, 2013 Monday

Completes 10 years of empowering rural women with the spirit of entrepreneurship

LENGTH: 619 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, June 17 -- Unilever Sri Lanka was proud to recognize and reward the
star performers of Saubhagya at its annual "Diriya Pranama Awards" ceremony held
at Galadari Hotel recently. Saubhagya, is an endeavour designed to uplift the
most deserving and needy women of rural Sri Lanka, through the enabling of
financial independence. Saubhagya empowers women by providing them with a
sustainable source of income as Unilever ambassadors, selling Unilever brands to
households in their respective villages. This year, more than 200 Saubhagya
entrepreneurs who achieved their sales targets were rewarded, out of which the
top 100 were felicitated at the ceremony for their commitment and dedication.
These achievers received rewards of their choice consisting of gold or
electrical items, amounting to a total of over Rs. 3.2 million. Present at the
occasion were, Prof. Sunil Jayantha Nawarathne, Secretary, Ministry of Higher
Education (Former Director General, Samurdhi Authority), Mr. C D Kaluaarachchi,
General Manager Samurdhi Authority, Mr, K K L Chandrathilaka, Director Banking &
Finance, and Mr. Denzil Fernando, Assistant Director, Mahasangam, along with the
Unilever Board of Directors. Renowned singer (Visharadha) Neela Wickramasinghe
delivered the motivational speech.

Speaking at the occasion, Mr. Kumudu de Silva, Channel Manager, Saubhagya says,
"We are extremely pleased with the impact that Project Saubhagya has made on the
lives of women who were marginalized by society and faced countless hardships
due to their financial status. Through Saubhagya we have elevated the social
standing of these women in their villages and enhanced their quality of life.
This initiative has also created an economic impact on the country at large."
Elaborating further he adds "In addition to enabling these women to gain
financial stability to clothe, feed and educate their children, we reward their
dedication and hard work by felicitating them. Our aim is to instill a sense of
pride at what they have achieved, along with enhanced self-esteem and
confidence. We want to empower them and open their eyes to a new world filled
with the hope of a brighter tomorrow."

What started 10 years ago with just 5 women entrepreneurs has now grown to an
extensive sales channel of over 2000 women from across the island. The project
is implemented in collaboration with the Samurdhi Authority of Sri Lanka which
grants the loans for the initial investments. The neediest rural women are
nominated by the regional Samurdhi Authorities and thereafter recruited by
Unilever as entrepreneurs. Unilever gives these women invaluable exposure to the
world of entrepreneurship and provides extensive sales training, covering best
trading practices. The Unilever team then ensures constant knowledge enhancement
and maintenance of quality standards and ethical trading practices. Unilever
Saubhagya operates in 180 Samurdhi societies and has been instrumental in
enhancing the livelihood of over 3,000 families.

The Company has also ensured that via employee volunteerism, Saubhagya
entrepreneurs are benefited even further. This year, 2 well-deserving
individuals were gifted houses with sanitary facilities. In addition 110 sets of
school books were presented to children of entrepreneurs. Unilever aims to
extend Saubhagya to other untapped areas. Saubhagya will continue to add
vitality to the lives of rural women by creating self-made entrepreneurs who
will play a pivotal role as a new breed of Unilever brand ambassadors

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Express Business. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Express Newspaper (Cey) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            June 18, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Four things you need to know

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 991 words


ENVI RONMENTAL IMPACT Like any pipeline company, Enbridge Inc. will require
environmental permits (about 50 here, mostly from the Alberta Energy Regulator)
before starting construction.

B.C. must also grant about 60 permits and some environmental groups want to use
that provincial power as leverage in their battle against the pipeline and
tanker traffic.

The B.C.-based Dogwood Initiative is organizing a referendum by B.C. voters on
the pipeline similar to the one that defeated HST. If people vote against it,
the province could exercise its power and withhold permits, despite federal
approval, said Will Horter, executive director of Dogwood Initiative.

"This is about democracy," he added. ForestEthics Advocacy vows to make the
pipeline a federal election issue in 2015.

"This isn't over until tankers are filling up with Enbridge's oil on the coast,
and that is never going to happen - the people of B.C. have spoken and are
steadfast against it," said Ben West, oilsands campaign director for
ForestEthics. In Alberta, the Pembina Institute says the federal government's
big mistake is approving the new pipeline before announcing its long-awaited
greenhouse gas regulations to limit emissions from the oil and gas sector.

The pipeline approval will "send a clear signal to expand" production from the
current two million barrels a day without any measures to reduce greenhouse gas
emissions, said Pembina spokesperson Erin Flanagan. "It's inconsistent with our
goals for fighting climate change."

Mike Hudema of Greenpeace Alberta said the pipeline will accelerate other
environmental problems such as tailings ponds and destruction of the boreal
forest.

NEXT FOR ENBRIDGE The federal government said Tuesday that many steps lie ahead
of Enbridge Inc. in its effort to build the Northern Gateway pipeline. The
government accepted the joint review panel's recommendation to approve the
project subject to 209 conditions, and said the National Energy Board will now
issue certificates of public convenience and necessity.

"This is only one step in the process," the government release said. "There are
a number of major steps before construction can begin. The timing of
construction will depend on how the proponent proceeds."

Enbridge will need NEB approval for the detailed pipeline route and location of
the final right of way.

The company must publish a notice in local newspapers and provide a written
notice to all owners of lands proposed to be acquired.

If objections are filed within 30 days, the NEB is to hold public hearings on
the detailed route to consider landowner concerns and the proponent's views.

The project would require a range of approvals and authorizations at the federal
level, including approvals from the NEB authorizing construction and operation
of the pipelines.

The project would need approval to cross rivers, railway lines and reserves.

LOCAL ECONOMIC IMPACT The Northern Gateway pipeline will provide both a windfall
and a challenge to Edmonton.

Enbridge's $7.9-billion project will pump millions into manufacturing and
engineering, but will also tie up the local workforce.

"There is going to be greater demand for labour, so we need to attract new
people to the region for employment," Brad Ferguson, president and chief
executive of the Edmonton Economic Development Corp., says. "Either we get it,
or the cost of labour goes up.

"It places a lot of responsibility and pressure on us."

James Cumming, president of the Edmonton Chamber of Commerce, said the pipeline
will provide both near-and long-term opportunities for Edmonton. Local
businesses will reap more than $200 million in goods and services contracts, and
energy companies will benefit through greater market access for their products.

"Access to markets is vital to Edmonton business and the economy," Cumming said.
"Moving commodities to tidewater, and then to the globe, ensures continuation of
the tax base we need to sustain our way of life."

Gil McGowan, president of the Alberta Federation of Labour, said the decision to
approve the pipeline will prove costly to unionized workers. The AFL appeared
before the federal a panel reviewing the project and fought against it.

"We are not opposed to pipelines or access to new markets, but we are opposed to
shipping thousands of high-paying jobs to other jurisdictions," McGowan said.
"Canada needs a policy that keeps value-added jobs in the country before we need
a pipeline."

NATIONAL POLITICS FALLOUT With Gateway opponents in B.C. lining up for a major
battle, there's speculation Stephen Harper's Conservatives may lose some seats
there in the federal election expected in the fall of 2015.

Hoping to gain political points, all other federal parties attacked the Harper
decision to give the green light to the pipeline as recommended by the National
Energy Board.

But predicting Harper losses in B.C. may well be premature, said political
scientist Duayne Bratt, of Mount Royal University.

The pipeline may well be tied up in courts when the election is called, so it
may not emerge as a major issue, he said.

Also, Harper downplayed his government's role with his "lukewarm" endorsement of
the pipeline.

"He never uses the word approval, he says he is accepting the recommendation of
the NEB and that's it," said Bratt. "He issued a news release and ran away."

Politically, that position is defensible because he is upholding the
independence and recommendations of the well-respected National Energy Board,
said Bratt. If he had overruled the board, as the federal Liberals would do,
that would be controversial.

Still, B.C. Premier Christy Clark holds many of the cards and is keeping them
close, says Bratt.

She continues to oppose the pipeline unless her five conditions are met, he
said.

So it's not clear if there will be a major battle between Ottawa and B.C. At
this point, such a showdown seems unlikely, as the pipeline has so many hoops to
go through before a final decision is made, Bratt added.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jonathan Hayward, The Canadian Press; A humpback whale swims just
outside of Hartley Bay in British Columbia.; Mike Ridewood, The Canadian Press;
Enbridge Inc. CEO Al Monaco: 209 conditions to meet.; The Associated Press,
Files;  Jobs boom could lead to labour shortage in capital region.; Adrian Wyld,
The Canadian Press;  Prime Minister Stephen Harper could face political losses
in B.C.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Edmonton Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 19, 2007 Monday

EDITORIAL: Last chance for Chandler runway plan to take flight: Last chance for
Chandler runway plan to take flight

BYLINE: The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 452 words


Feb. 19--Officials seem to have a strong case for lengthening the runway at
Chandler Municipal Airport. They obviously think they do, since they're making
it for the second time.

Voters have twice rejected the idea of allowing the airport to grow unchecked.
In 1989 an initiative to ban jets altogether won at the polls, but the city
attorney ruled that would have cost the airport the federal funding that makes
up most of its budget. This led to the city and residents agreeing to cap runway
length at 4,850 feet. The City Council went to approve a new airport master plan
which called for a 6,500-foot long runway in 1998, along with an ordinance
requiring voter approval for any extension. The extension was shot down by 321
votes in the November 2000 election. Since then, subdivisions and shopping malls
have begun to surround the airport near Germann and McQueen roads.

The 850-foot runway extension on the May 15 ballot won't change the type of
plane that uses the airport now (including small jets), according to proponents,
or necessarily even the number of takeoffs and landings. The extra asphalt will
simply make flying in and out safer by giving pilots more time to maneuver
before taking off, and allow planes to take off with a full gas tank, whereas
they can't now during the hottest three or so months of the year.

But, as Chris Markham reported in the Jan. 23 Tribune, the longer runway could
add up to $17 million to the airport's economic impact on Chandler by 2025, the
city projects. At a cost of $65,000 in city bond money and $2.4 million in
federal grants, taking this step seems logical to us.

However, this could be a good time for the Chandler powers-that-be to step back
and recognize their own limitations. They may believe in their heart of hearts
that lengthening a runway is the correct thing to do, and have an armload of
studies to back them up. But in the end, thanks to a city ordinance which forces
any such project to a public vote, how they see it doesn't matter. What the
voters think does matter, and so far their answer has been "no."

It's up to whatever political action committee is put together on this bond
issue to produce a different result at the polls this time. If it doesn't
succeed, officials should adjust their expectations of the airport's future, and
rather than hold another election, look to other sources to pump that extra $17
million into the city.

Copyright (c) 2007, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20070219-MZ-0219-EDITORIAL-Last-chance-for-Chandler-runway-plan-to-take-flight

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2007 East Valley Tribune


                              864 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            January 17, 2017 Tuesday

Federal inmates in Utah and nationwide hope for commutations before Obama's term
ends;
Clemency  With days to go in Obama's last term, federal prisoners who applied
for reduced terms hope for more commutations.

BYLINE: By Pamela Manson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: UTAH NEWS; Crime

LENGTH: 1483 words


Pauline K. Blake, a West Valley City woman who was serving a 24-year drug
sentence in federal prison, was released last month after President Barack Obama
shaved about a decade off her term through a commutation grant.

Anthony Fridleifson, another Utahn doing time for drug-related crimes, will have
to stay put for a while. After more than a decade behind bars, he was hoping to
get out soon, but his request that his 15-year sentence be shortened was denied
on Jan. 6. No reason for the rejection was given.

David Andrew Mortensen, who was sentenced to 20 years in prison after pleading
guilty in 2008 to possessing more than 50 grams of methamphetamine in a Salt
Lake City hotel room, hasn't heard yet whether his request for a reduced
sentence will be granted.

For federal inmates who have applied for presidential clemency, the clock is
still ticking. Obama leaves office on Friday and prisoners and their advocates
are hoping for more rounds of commutations.

"Whatever your belief is about punishment, you have to ask what is the goal of
more punishment at this point," said Jeff Corey, a Salt Lake City attorney who
represented Fridlefison for free in his clemency bid.

Corey is disappointed that Fridleifson's commutation request was rejected and he
is concerned that some inmates might get overlooked in the rush to deal with all
the pending petitions.

"There are a lot of good candidates," he said.

Article II, Section 2 of the U.S. Constitution grants executive clemency power
to the president. Only federal criminal offenses are eligible for a presidential
pardon, commutation of sentence, reprieve or remission of a fine or restitution.

All requests for executive clemency for federal offenses are directed to the
Office of the Pardon Attorney for investigation and preparation of the
Department of Justice's recommendation to the president.

In 2014, the Justice Department announced an initiative to encourage qualified
federal inmates to petition to have their sentences commuted by the president.
Under the initiative, the department prioritizes clemency applications from
inmates who meet all of the following factors:

They are currently serving a federal sentence in prison and, by operation of
law, likely would have received a substantially lower sentence if convicted of
the same offenses today;

They are nonviolent, low-level offenders without significant ties to large-scale
criminal organizations, gangs or cartels;

They have served at least 10 years of their sentence;

They do not have a significant criminal history;

They have demonstrated good conduct in prison; and

They have no history of violence prior to or during their current term of
imprisonment.

As of Dec. 31, Obama had commuted the sentences of 1,176 individuals and granted
148 pardons, according to statistics from the Office of the Pardon Attorney.

On Tuesday, he issued 209 more commutations, including one inmate convicted in
Utah. He also issued 64 pardons, which included one prisoner convicted in Utah.

During his two terms as president, Obama has granted clemency to a total of 14
people convicted in federal court in Utah, according to the Office of the Pardon
Attorney.

As of Tuesday, Obama had issued 1,385 commutations, which include 504 life
terms, and 212 pardons. His sentence commutations are more than the combined
total of the commutations issued by the previous 12 presidents, White House
counsel Neil Eggleston said.

After Obama issued 231 grants of clemency on Dec. 19, Eggleston wrote in a news
release that "the common thread of rehabilitation" underlies each clemency
recipient's story.

"For the commutation recipient, it is the story of an individual who has made
the most of his or her time in prison, by participating in educational courses,
vocational training, and drug treatment," Eggleston said. "These are the stories
that demonstrate the successes that can be achieved -- by both individuals and
society -- in a nation of second chances."

At the end of 2016, 2,154 pardon petitions and 13,568 commutation petitions were
pending. A dozen of those pending requests for shorter sentences were from
inmates represented by attorneys recruited by the Utah Federal Defender's Office
to assist them without pay. (The number of other prisoners convicted in federal
court in Utah who have filed their petitions directly to the Office of the
Pardon Attorney was not available).

According to Clemency Project 2014, more than 36,000 federal prisoners have
requested volunteer assistance with commutation requests. The Washington,
D.C.-based organization -- a group of lawyers and advocates that recruits and
trains attorneys to assist prisoners at no cost with their petitions -- says a
"painstaking review" of 35,500 of those requests show the overwhelming majority
did not meet the criteria listed by the Department of Justice.

Cynthia Roseberry, the organization's project manager, said the requests that
fall squarely in the criteria generally are from nonviolent drug offenders who
likely would have received a shorter prison term if they were sentenced today.
She said that it is apparent from the criteria that Obama has balanced public
safety with economic impact.

"We are better stewards of tax dollars when we don't incarcerate people who
don't need to be incarcerated," Roseberry said.

More than 2,500 petitions, including about half of the 1,176 commutations
granted through the end of 2016, were submitted through Clemency Project 2014,
Roseberry said earlier this month. She was hopeful many more would be acted on
this week.

Before the latest round of presidential clemency, Paul Cassell, a University of
Utah law professor and former federal judge, had said he wouldn't be surprised
to see a number of petitions acted on in the last days of Obama's term.

"Historically, when a president is leaving office and a new president is coming
to town, it's often been an occasion for a number of pardons and commutations
being granted," he said.

Cassell -- who says the 2014 criteria for deciding who gets clemency are good --
has written letters supporting presidential clemency for two defendants he
sentenced to mandatory life terms while on the federal bench from 2002 to 2007.

One was Joe R. Alvardo, who was convicted of methamphetamine-related charges in
2004. The Ogden man, who once had no chance of ever leaving prison, was granted
a commutation last year and is now slated for release on Aug. 3, 2018.

The other was Weldon Angelos, a Utah music producer who was found guilty of gun
and drug charges in 2003. Angelos was never granted clemency but did receive an
immediate sentence reduction in May.

There is no parole in the federal system, which means offenders serve out their
entire term, minus any "good time" credit they earn for their behavior in
prison. There is no possibility of parole for lifers.

Blake, now 51, was arrested in 2000 at a lab in a Salt Lake City building, where
police found chemicals and other items associated with methamphetamine
production and use. She was found guilty of six drug-related felonies and
originally sentenced to 210 months behind bars, a "downward departure" from the
federal sentencing guideline range.

In 2004, Blake was resentenced to 292 months after prosecutors successfully
challenged the departure at the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. She was
released from a federal prison on Dec. 1.

Fridleifson said in his clemency petition that he has turned his life around in
federal prison.

"If I am granted clemency it will give me a second chance to be successful in
life," he wrote in a letter included in his commutation petition. "I will not do
drugs again because my grandkids, daughter needs me and I want to be with them
watch them grow up and I want to buy a house."

Fridleifson concluded: "p.s. One last thing. Prison taught me that I don't want
to ever come back. It's really that bad in prison."

Corey, Fridleifson's attorney, said the 42-year-old man was a "minion" whose
involvement in a drug conspiracy consisted of street-level distribution of
methamphetamine a few times in December 2005. The petition also says Fridleifson
was productive in prison, completing 23 educational courses and successfully
completing a program to break his addiction to drugs.

"I think he's incredibly deserving [of clemency]," Corey said. "What he did was
so long ago and he's paid a huge price for it and he's done everything asked of
him."

Although he won't be getting out immediately, Fridleifson might not have much
longer to wait for freedom. The Federal Bureau of Prison has a projected release
date of Oct. 15, 2018, which includes credit for good time.

Mortensen, an addict who was trying to feed his habit at the time of his arrest,
also has turned his life around, according to his attorney, Shane Hillman. He
said the 56-year-old has gotten off drugs and has been offered his old job back
when he gets out of prison.

pmanson@sltrib.com

Twitter: @PamelaMansonSLC

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Krant


                      Copyright 2017 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Rochester airport lines up funding for mandatory upgrades

BYLINE: Karlee Weinmann

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 845  words


The lone Rochester project included in Gov. Mark Dayton's bonding proposal is a
$10.5 million build-out of the city's airport, an effort local officials say
will help Rochester boost development and tourism in line with an ambitious
long-range growth plan.

Dayton set aside about $5 million to help Rochester expand an existing customs
facility to comply with revised U.S. Department of Homeland Security standards.
Without the switch, the airport could lose its international designation - and
easy access for travelers abroad.

More than 1,000 international travelers passed through Rochester International
Airport last year on 201 inbound flights and another 51 that left from the
airport, according to airport officials. On top of that eight diplomatic flights
landed or took off from the airport.

"It's a vital service for us to be able to have that, and it's valuable for the
state of Minnesota that we're able to offer that," said Gary Neumann, assistant
city administrator.

The world-renowned Mayo Clinic is a draw for many of the international visitors,
but Rochester's big-ticket plan to reshape itself into a destination with more
appeal for residents, visitors and developers amplifies the need for better
infrastructure for air travel.

"Having a U.S. customs office here offers a valuable access point to people who
want to come to Rochester to do business," airport executive director John Reed
said. "Transportation as a whole is a cornerstone to economic development. "

The airport upgrade was the only bonding project set forth by the city, and
Dayton's proposal fulfills the request. The Rochester City Council last year
approved a budget that supplements the proposed state funding with $2.74 million
in Federal Aviation Administration grants plus $2.78 million in local aid.

Rochester's large-scale growth play, dubbed the Destination Medical Center
project, forecasts $6 billion in public and private investment over two decades.
Anchored by the Mayo Clinic, the wide-reaching initiative aims to increase the
city's residential population and tourism numbers through massive redevelopment.

Airport officials have said about 1.7 million prospective travelers live within
a 75-minute drive of the facility, and the area's residential population is
expected to balloon in coming years.

The board overseeing development as part of the Destination Medical Center
toured the Rochester airport over the summer and project planners have factored
in air travel to their overall transportation analysis, said Lisa Clarke, who
heads the economic development agency tied to the broader initiative.

"We've learned that we need to pay attention to transportation, and we need to
focus on the different transportation modes," she said. "The airport is one of
those, and is accessible for our patients and our visitors to reach Mayo, to
reach Rochester and to reach our region. "

Easy access for Mayo Clinic patients and other visitors is a pivotal piece of
the overall development strategy, Clarke said, adding that the facility is
"quite important" in terms of its economic impact for the southeast Minnesota
region and the state as a whole.

"From a broad perspective, we're really a more connected world now and access to
the world is one of the more important things that airports provide to the
communities that they serve and the regions that they serve," Reed said.

The airport overhaul would put a new 20,000-square-foot customs facility in the
main terminal that would require 5,000 to 10,000 square feet of new space, Reed
said. Reshuffling baggage claim and some services run by Delta - which offers
domestic flights at the airport - will help accommodate the change.

Rochester International's existing footprint spans about 75,000 square feet.

A customs overhaul will add an on-site jail to meet recent federal requirements,
room for agents to process agricultural goods coming from outside the U.S., and
office space. The changes line up with federal standards imposed over the last
half-decade or so, based on how many international travelers pass through the
Rochester airport.

"It was very much a must-do," Reed said. "If we wanted to keep international
travelers coming through our airport, we had to do this. "

Lawmakers need to sign off on the bonding plan this legislative session, set to
kick off next month. Assuming the project gets the state aid it needs, the
bidding process is expected to start in June with construction early next year,
Reed said.

Rochester's airport currently welcomes chartered flights from around the world.
It has commercial flights to and from Minneapolis, Chicago and Atlanta - a list
Reed has said could expand to include cities in the western U.S. with increased
passenger numbers and interest in Rochester.

(divider]

Related content:

Rochester wants bonding for $10.5M airport upgrade Expansion of Rochester
airport under consideration Destination Medical Center development plan begins
taking shape

http://www.legal-ledger.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                            February 15, 2016 Monday

Rochester airport lines up funding for mandatory upgrades

BYLINE: Karlee Weinmann

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 846  words


The lone Rochester project included in Gov. Mark Dayton's bonding proposal is a
$10.5 million build-out of the city's airport, an effort local officials say
will help Rochester boost development and tourism in line with an ambitious
long-range growth plan.

Dayton set aside about $5 million to help Rochester expand an existing customs
facility to comply with revised U.S. Department of Homeland Security standards.
Without the switch, the airport could lose its international designation - and
easy access for travelers abroad.

More than 1,000 international travelers passed through Rochester International
Airport last year on 201 inbound flights and another 51 that left from the
airport, according to airport officials. On top of that eight diplomatic flights
landed or took off from the airport.

"It's a vital service for us to be able to have that, and it's valuable for the
state of Minnesota that we're able to offer that," said Gary Neumann, assistant
city administrator.

The world-renowned Mayo Clinic is a draw for many of the international visitors,
but Rochester's big-ticket plan to reshape itself into a destination with more
appeal for residents, visitors and developers amplifies the need for better
infrastructure for air travel.

"Having a U.S. customs office here offers a valuable access point to people who
want to come to Rochester to do business," airport executive director John Reed
said. "Transportation as a whole is a cornerstone to economic development. "

The airport upgrade was the only bonding project set forth by the city, and
Dayton's proposal fulfills the request. The Rochester City Council last year
approved a budget that supplements the proposed state funding with $2.74 million
in Federal Aviation Administration grants plus $2.78 million in local aid.

Rochester's large-scale growth play, dubbed the Destination Medical Center
project, forecasts $6 billion in public and private investment over two decades.
Anchored by the Mayo Clinic, the wide-reaching initiative aims to increase the
city's residential population and tourism numbers through massive redevelopment.

Airport officials have said about 1.7 million prospective travelers live within
a 75-minute drive of the facility, and the area's residential population is
expected to balloon in coming years.

The board overseeing development as part of the Destination Medical Center
toured the Rochester airport over the summer and project planners have factored
in air travel to their overall transportation analysis, said Lisa Clarke, who
heads the economic development agency tied to the broader initiative.

"We've learned that we need to pay attention to transportation, and we need to
focus on the different transportation modes," she said. "The airport is one of
those, and is accessible for our patients and our visitors to reach Mayo, to
reach Rochester and to reach our region. "

Easy access for Mayo Clinic patients and other visitors is a pivotal piece of
the overall development strategy, Clarke said, adding that the facility is
"quite important" in terms of its economic impact for the southeast Minnesota
region and the state as a whole.

"From a broad perspective, we're really a more connected world now and access to
the world is one of the more important things that airports provide to the
communities that they serve and the regions that they serve," Reed said.

The airport overhaul would put a new 20,000-square-foot customs facility in the
main terminal that would require 5,000 to 10,000 square feet of new space, Reed
said. Reshuffling baggage claim and some services run by Delta - which offers
domestic flights at the airport - will help accommodate the change.

Rochester International's existing footprint spans about 75,000 square feet.

A customs overhaul will add an on-site jail to meet recent federal requirements,
room for agents to process agricultural goods coming from outside the U.S., and
office space. The changes line up with federal standards imposed over the last
half-decade or so, based on how many international travelers pass through the
Rochester airport.

"It was very much a must-do," Reed said. "If we wanted to keep international
travelers coming through our airport, we had to do this. "

Lawmakers need to sign off on the bonding plan this legislative session, set to
kick off next month. Assuming the project gets the state aid it needs, the
bidding process is expected to start in June with construction early next year,
Reed said.

Rochester's airport currently welcomes chartered flights from around the world.
It has commercial flights to and from Minneapolis, Chicago and Atlanta - a list
Reed has said could expand to include cities in the western U.S. with increased
passenger numbers and interest in Rochester.

(divider]

Related content:

Rochester wants bonding for $10.5M airport upgrade Expansion of Rochester
airport under consideration Destination Medical Center development plan begins
taking shape

http://www.finance-commerce.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

No passport required until summer 2009; Bush administration about-face follows
pressure from U.S. Congress, Canada

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, CanWest News Services; With files from Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 624  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - Canadians won't need to show a passport for travel to the United
States across land and sea borders for at least another year, following a sudden
policy reversal by the American government.

Bowing to months of pressure from the U.S. Congress and the Canadian government,
the U.S. Department of Homeland Security announced Wednesday it would not
enforce the requirement for passports -- or another form of approved identity
document -- at land and sea crossing until the summer of 2008 at the earliest.

The decision to grant a reprieve amounts to a major shift in policy for U.S.
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff, who has insisted for months the
new rules for land border entry would take effect as early as January 2008.

But the breathing space on passports for Canadian travellers, especially those
who live in border communities, was paired with some more sobering projections
about the impact of the rule once it is fully implemented.

According to an economic impact assessment produced by the Bush administration,
the requirement for Americans to obtain passports for travel to and from Canada
will produce a sharp drop in tourism.

The study, included in proposed regulations for the Western Hemisphere Travel
Initiative (WHTI), shows an expected 3.7-per-cent drop in visits to Canada
across land border by frequent U.S. travellers -- defined as Americans who come
at least once a year.

Another 10.7-per-cent drop is expected among "infrequent" visitors who come to
Canada once every three years, and a 10.9-per-cent reduction is projected for
"rare" travellers who visit once a decade.

The Bush administration was forced to delay implementing the passport
requirement at land and sea borders because of widespread chaos within the U.S
passport system.

Under the decision announced Wednesday, Homeland Security said the "first
rational step" towards implementing the land rules for the WHTI was to "end the
routine practice of accepting oral declarations of citizenship alone at land and
sea ports of entry."

Starting at the end of January 2008, U.S. border officials will require
Canadians to produce a government-issued photo ID, such as a driver's licence,
plus proof of citizenship.

That practice, however, has been used at land borders for years and is likely to
have little impact on travellers.

In Ottawa, U.S. Ambassador David Wilkins also tried to downplay the Homeland
Security announcement.

He said the law that brings the changes into effect only specifies that
passports will be required at land borders sometime between January 2008 and
June 2009.

"There's not any serious reconsideration of the program by this administration,"
said Wilkins.

But Public Safety Minister Stockwell Day had a different take. He called the
announcement a "delay," and suggested that lobbying by the Canadian government
was a factor in the U.S. decision.

"Right from the beginning of WHTI, we've expressed our concerns in many areas,"
said Day. "Those things have been taken into consideration."

The plan to require passports for travel to and from Canada -- in the works now
for almost two years -- has produced mass confusion among ordinary travellers
because of ever-shifting rules and statements by the American government.

Since last January, Homeland Security has required all Canadian and American
travellers entering the U.S. by air to carry a passport.

Only two weeks ago, however, the administration suspended that rule for American
citizens because the State Department could not keep up with the skyrocketing
demand for passports among U.S. citizens.

The rules are even murkier for travellers at land borders. The U.S. plans to
introduce a wallet-sized "passport card" for American citizens that will cost
less than a normal passport.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Agence France-Presse ; Getty Images; People line up outside the U.S.
Passport Office in Washington, D.C., on Wednesday. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Canadians get a year's passport reprieve; Tough U.S. rules put off until summer
2008

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 410  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - Canadians won't need to show a passport for travel to the United
States across land and sea borders for at least another year, following a sudden
policy reversal by the American government.

Bowing to months of pressure from Congress and the Canadian government, the U.S.
Department of Homeland Security announced yesterday it would not enforce the
requirement for passports -- or another form of approved identity document -- at
land and sea crossing until the summer of 2008 at the earliest.

The decision to grant a reprieve amounts to a major shift in policy for Homeland
Security Secretary Michael Chertoff, who has insisted for months that the new
rules for land border entry would take effect as early as January 2008.

But the breathing space on passports for Canadian travellers -- especially those
who live in border communities -- was paired with some more sobering projections
about the impact of the rule once it is fully implemented.

According to an economic impact assessment produced by the Bush administration,
the requirement for Americans to obtain passports for travel to and from Canada
will produce a sharp drop in tourism.

The study, included in proposed regulations for the Western Hemisphere Travel
Initiative (WHTI), shows an expected 3.7-per-cent drop in visits to Canada
through land crossings by frequent U.S. travellers -- defined as Americans who
come at least once a year.

Another 10.7-per-cent drop is expected among "infrequent" visitors who come to
Canada once every three years, and a 10.9-per-cent reduction is projected for
"rare" travellers who visit once a decade.

The Bush administration was forced to delay implementing the passport
requirement because of widespread chaos within its own passport system.

Under the decision announced yesterday, Homeland Security said the "first
rational step" toward implementing the land rules for the WHTI was to "end the
routine practice of accepting oral declarations (of citizenship) alone at land
and sea ports of entry."

Starting at the end of January 2008, U.S. border officials will require
Canadians to produce a government-issued photo ID -- such as a driver's licence
-- plus proof of citizenship.

That practice, however, has already been widely used at land borders for years
and is likely to have little impact on travellers.

Speaking to reporters, Mr. Chertoff defended the plan as a necessary security
measure to alleviate fear of terrorists entering the U.S. from Canada.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

U.S. delays passport requirement for one year at land, sea borders

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, CanWest News Service; With files from Times Colonist
staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 813  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Canadians won't need to show a passport for travel to the United
States across land and sea borders for at least another year, following a sudden
policy reversal by the American government.

Bowing to months of pressure from the U.S. Congress and the Canadian government,
the U.S. Department of Homeland Security announced yesterday it would not
enforce the requirement for passports -- or another form of approved identity
document -- at land and sea crossing until the summer of 2008 at the earliest.

The decision to grant a reprieve amounts to a major shift in policy for U.S.
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff, who has insisted for months the
new rules for land border entry would take effect as early as January 2008.

But the breathing space on passports for Canadian travellers -- especially those
who live in border communities -- was paired with some more sobering projections
about the impact of the rule once it is fully implemented.

According to an economic impact assessment produced by the Bush administration,
the requirement for Americans to obtain passports for travel to and from Canada
will produce a sharp drop in tourism.

The study, included in proposed regulations for the Western Hemisphere Travel
Initiative, shows an expected 3.7-per-cent drop in visits to Canada across land
border by frequent U.S. travellers -- defined as Americans who come at least
once a year.

Another 10.7-per-cent drop is expected among "infrequent" visitors who come to
Canada once every three years, and a 10.9-per-cent reduction is projected for
"rare" travellers who visit once a decade.

According to Homeland Security, the drop in tourism is expected to cost Canada
at least $170 million in foregone spending in the first full year the passport
rule is implemented, and another $120 million for every following year.

"The net change in regional output and employment is negative [though still very
small] in the northern-border case studies," Homeland Security said.

Tourism Victoria president Lorne Whyte was underwhelmed by yesterday's
announcement.

"It's just more miscommunication," said Whyte. "It's very frustrating to get
these types of so-called proclamations that really don't give the visitor the
[information] they need. It's been going on for two years now, this type of
rhetoric from the U.S. government, and it's just not acceptable."

"I'm sure this will be one of those how-not-to-communicate theses at some point
because this is ridiculous," said Whyte. "They need a clear message so people
know what they can expect."

Darrell Bryan, vice-president and general manager of Seattle-based Clipper
Navigation, sounded as frustrated as Whyte.

"Is anyone surprised by the challenges we [the U.S.] have in other parts of the
world when we can't get this straight?" said Bryan.

"We've been saying since Day 1 that the schedule was too compressed, that there
was no way the State Department could gear up to meet the demand for passport
applications," Bryan said. "So it's very good news that Congress has
acknowledged there are major problems with the issuance of passports and seems
to recognize that the magnitude of this will increase astronomically as we
approach the land/sea implementation date."

The Bush administration was forced to delay implementing the passport
requirement at land and sea borders because of widespread chaos within the
U.S.'s own passport system.

Under the decision announced yesterday, Homeland Security said the "first
rational step" toward implementing the land rules for the WHTI was to "end the
routine practice of accepting oral declarations [of citizenship] alone at land
and sea ports of entry."

Starting at the end of January 2008, U.S. border officials will require
Canadians to produce a government-issued photo ID -- such as a driver's licence
-- plus proof of citizenship.

Speaking to reporters in Washington, Chertoff defended the plan as a necessary
security measure to alleviate fears of terrorists entering the U.S. from Canada.

"Even though none of the 9/11 hijackers came into the U.S. through our land
ports of entry, other terrorists have attempted entry in the past through our
land ports of entry, including Ahmed Ressam, the so-called Millennium Bomber,"
Chertoff said. "And of course, recent events show that terrorists continue to be
active in Canada."

- - -

BORDER RULES

Most visitors to Canada are required to have a passport and when necessary, a
valid visa. United States residents don't need a passport to enter Canada but
should carry proof of citizenship, such as a birth certificate, certificate of
Indian status, citizenship or naturalization and a photo ID.

Canadians reentering the country require proper identification. This includes a
Canadian birth certificate, Canadian passport, permanent residence card,
citizenship card or a certificate of Indian status.

Source: Canadian Border Services Agency

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Tourism Victoria president Lorne Whyte called yesterday's announcement
"frustrating." U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff says passports
are necessary to prevent terrorists entering the U.S. from Canada. ;
Photo: Michael Chertoff ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

U.S. delays land crossing passport rule until 2008; Homeland Security bows to
pressure from Canada and the U.S. Congress

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 555  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Canadians won't need to show a passport for travel to the United
States across land and sea borders for at least another year, following a sudden
policy reversal by the U.S. government.

Bowing to months of pressure from the U.S. Congress and the Canadian government,
the U.S. Department of Homeland Security announced Wednesday it would not
enforce the requirement for passports -- or another form of approved identity
document -- at land and sea crossings until the summer of 2008 at the earliest.

The decision to grant a reprieve amounts to a major shift in policy for Homeland
Security Secretary Michael Chertoff, who has insisted for months the new rules
for land border entry would take effect as early as January 2008.

But the breathing space on passports for Canadian travellers -- especially those
who live in border communities -- was paired with some more sobering projections
about the impact of the rule once it is fully implemented.

According to an economic impact assessment produced by the Bush administration,
the requirement for Americans to obtain passports for travel to and from Canada
will produce a sharp drop in tourism.

The study, included in proposed regulations for the Western Hemisphere Travel
Initiative (WHTI), shows an expected 3.7-per-cent drop in visits to Canada
across land border by frequent U.S. travellers -- defined as Americans who come
at least once a year.

Another 10.7-per-cent drop is expected among "infrequent" visitors who come to
Canada once every three years, and a 10.9-per-cent reduction is projected for
"rare" travellers who visit once a decade.

The Bush administration was forced to delay implementing the passport
requirement at land and sea borders because of widespread chaos within the
U.S.'s own passport system.

Under the decision announced Wednesday, Homeland Security said the "first
rational step" towards implementing the land rules for the WHTI was to "end the
routine practice of accepting oral declarations [of citizenship] alone at land
and sea ports of entry."

Starting at the end of January 2008, U.S. border officials will require
Canadians to produce a government-issued photo ID -- such as a driver's licence
-- plus proof of citizenship. That practice, however, has already been widely
used at land borders for years.

In Ottawa, U.S. Ambassador David Wilkins also tried to play down the Homeland
Security announcement. He said the law that brings the changes into effect only
specifies that passports will be required at land borders sometime between
January 2008 and June 2009.

"There's not any serious reconsideration of the program by this administration,"
said Wilkins.

But Public Safety Minister Stockwell Day had a different take. He called the
announcement a "delay" and suggested that lobbying by the Canadian government
was a factor in the U.S. decision.

"Right from the beginning of WHTI, we've expressed our concerns in many areas,"
said Day. "Those things have been taken into consideration."

The plan to require passports for travel to and from Canada -- in the works now
for almost two years -- has produced mass confusion among ordinary travellers
because of ever-shifting rules and statements by the U.S. government. The U.S.
plans to introduce a wallet-sized "passport card" for American citizens that
will cost less than a normal passport.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Glenn Baglo, Vancouver Sun, Files; The U.S. demand for passports caused
lineups for days at the office in downtown Vancouver's Sinclair Centre. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday
                                Final C Edition

U.S. delays need for passport when crossing by land, sea; Homeland Security bows
to pressure from Canada and the U.S. Congress

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 555  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Canadians won't need to show a passport for travel to the United
States across land and sea borders for at least another year, following a sudden
policy reversal by the U.S. government.

Bowing to months of pressure from the U.S. Congress and the Canadian government,
the U.S. Department of Homeland Security announced Wednesday it would not
enforce the requirement for passports -- or another form of approved identity
document -- at land and sea crossings until the summer of 2008 at the earliest.

The decision to grant a reprieve amounts to a major shift in policy for Homeland
Security Secretary Michael Chertoff, who has insisted for months the new rules
for land border entry would take effect as early as January 2008.

But the breathing space on passports for Canadian travellers -- especially those
who live in border communities -- was paired with some more sobering projections
about the impact of the rule once it is fully implemented.

According to an economic impact assessment produced by the Bush administration,
the requirement for Americans to obtain passports for travel to and from Canada
will produce a sharp drop in tourism.

The study, included in proposed regulations for the Western Hemisphere Travel
Initiative (WHTI), shows an expected 3.7-per-cent drop in visits to Canada
across land border by frequent U.S. travellers -- defined as Americans who come
at least once a year.

Another 10.7-per-cent drop is expected among "infrequent" visitors who come to
Canada once every three years, and a 10.9-per-cent reduction is projected for
"rare" travellers who visit once a decade.

The Bush administration was forced to delay implementing the passport
requirement at land and sea borders because of widespread chaos within the
U.S.'s own passport system.

Under the decision announced Wednesday, Homeland Security said the "first
rational step" towards implementing the land rules for the WHTI was to "end the
routine practice of accepting oral declarations [of citizenship] alone at land
and sea ports of entry."

Starting at the end of January 2008, U.S. border officials will require
Canadians to produce a government-issued photo ID -- such as a driver's licence
-- plus proof of citizenship. That practice, however, has already been widely
used at land borders for years.

In Ottawa, U.S. Ambassador David Wilkins also tried to play down the Homeland
Security announcement. He said the law that brings the changes into effect only
specifies that passports will be required at land borders sometime between
January 2008 and June 2009.

"There's not any serious reconsideration of the program by this administration,"
said Wilkins.

But Public Safety Minister Stockwell Day had a different take. He called the
announcement a "delay" and suggested that lobbying by the Canadian government
was a factor in the U.S. decision.

"Right from the beginning of WHTI, we've expressed our concerns in many areas,"
said Day. "Those things have been taken into consideration."

The plan to require passports for travel to and from Canada -- in the works now
for almost two years -- has produced mass confusion among ordinary travellers
because of ever-shifting rules and statements by the U.S. government. The U.S.
plans to introduce a wallet-sized "passport card" for American citizens that
will cost less than a normal passport.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Glenn Baglo, Vancouver Sun; The U.S. demand for passports caused lineups
for days at the office in downtown Vancouver's Sinclair Centre. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            February 28, 2010 Sunday

Funding a frontier // Agency helps life sciences grow in area

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 524 words


COLUMN: IN OUR OPINION

The Massachusetts Life Sciences Center has investing in the future down to a
science.

Since it was established by the Legislature in 2006, efforts in Central
Massachusetts have caught the agency's eye.

The latest is WPI's Life Science and Bioengineering Center at Gateway Park in
Worcester. The MLSC's board gave final approval last week for a $6.6 million
state grant to outfit a new $25 million laboratory building at the development.
Construction is to begin in July, and the building - the second major research
center at Gateway - could open in late 2011, housing about 140 permanent jobs
and providing training for about 370 people each year.

The MLSC is the primary funding mechanism for Gov. Deval Patrick's ambitious
Life Sciences Act of 2008, which pledged $1 billion toward life sciences support
over a 10-year span.

As it helps pump dollars into life sciences ideas, projects and ventures of
various kinds, the quasi-public agency serves the role of a vital organ on
behalf of the state. The Waltham-based agency has supported student internships,
provided tax credits and awarded grants and loans to biotech startups, companies
and universities in Worcester and area communities, including Clinton, Gardner,
Grafton, Hopkinton, Marlboro, Milford and Westboro.

Its largest infrastructure investment to date is $90 million to help build the
$405 million Albert Sherman Center at the University of Massachusetts Medical
School. The medical school's international stem cell bank and registry have been
backed by the MLSC as well.

The agency has also earmarked $9.5 million to complete the New England Regional
Biosafety Laboratory at Tuft University's Cummings School of Veterinary Medicine
in Grafton, one of only 13 Level 3 biosafety labs in the country.

Melissa A. Walsh, chief operating officer for the MLSC, said in a meeting with
the Telegram & Gazette's editorial board earlier this month that the agency
makes its decisions based on scientific merit and economic impact, and that more
than half the MLSC's investments have gone to the Worcester area.

She and Susan R. Windham-Bannister, MLSC president and CEO, spoke in glowing
terms about the sophistication and promise of the life sciences cluster in our
area - and the need for the state as a whole to continue to nurture and build on
its productive and prestigious life sciences niche.

The state's life sciences initiative isn't just about the thresholds of
discovery. There are benefits to households.

Jobs are breathed to life, and not just brainy jobs inside bustling
laboratories. The industry employs people with all kinds of skills, Ms.
Windham-Bannister said. Also, she said, the tax dollars the MLSC invests are
highly leveraged, which means dollars accrue back to the state several-fold.

As the Gateway investment again demonstrates, the state is putting its money
where its belief is. That belief is in good science and its potential to lead to
medical breakthroughs and commercial applications.

No one ever knows what payoffs stand to be realized from any line of research.
The state, through the MLSC's targeted investments, is helping tease out
answers.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Massachusetts Life Sciences Center has investing in the future down
to a science. Since it was established by the Legislature in 2006, efforts in
Central Massachusetts have caught the agency's eye. The latest is WPI's Life
Science and Bioengineering Center at Gateway Park in Worcester. The MLSC's board
gave final approval last week for a $6.6 million state grant to outfit a new $25
million laboratory building at the development.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              873 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           November 16, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Groups hoping for share of $320M: Funding announcement sparse on details

BYLINE: Eva Ferguson, Calgary Herald

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 534  words


Confusion abounds in the wake of a provincial funding announcement promising
$320 million for a long list of public buildings, sports stadiums and community
groups.

Only a few seem to know how much they'll get. Others believe they'll get a
little, and some are completely in the dark, wondering if they'll get any at
all.

On Wednesday, Alberta Finance Minister Shirley McClellan said surging revenues
would allow the province to spend an additional $930 million on capital
projects. Of this amount, a third has been earmarked for community facilities
and agricultural initiatives.

Calgary Stampede officials were told Wednesday by McClellan they'll receive up
to $15 million to finish the Roundup Centre expansion, according to Stampede
spokesman Lindsay Galloway.

The $50-million project, which will build a new entrance and a
50,000-square-foot meeting hall, will break ground next spring.

But because the Stampede already received $35 million in a centennial grant last
year, the $15 million announced Wednesday will complete the amount needed to
finish the expansion.

"This is great, we're very excited," said Galloway.

"It reinforces the understanding that the provincial government has in terms of
the tremendous economic impact and social values the Stampede provides to the
city."

Still, other community groups, like the Calgary Olympic Development Association,
haven't yet heard how much of the $320-million pie they'll receive.

Association spokesman Chris Dornan wouldn't even talk about how much they'd
like, or what their priorities are.

But earlier this year, the association launched a $150-million fundraising
campaign in hopes of revitalizing the city's aging Olympic facilities.

Part of that was to include an $80-million ice and athletics complex at Canada
Olympic Park and $20 million in capital reinvestment at the university's Olympic
Oval.

"We're very excited," Dornan said.

"It's been five years of planning. But we need to find out the details before we
can say anything."

Liberal MLA Harry Chase -- the opposition critic for infrastructure,
transportation, parks and protected areas -- called Wednesday's government
announcement void of details, haphazard and without a specific plan.

"A premier who doesn't have a legacy is trying to buy one," Chase said.

"Why not work with the different communities on their needs and provide for
them, instead of these ad hoc sprinklings?"

Tory leadership candidates also charged Wednesday that the spending plan drafted
by Premier Ralph Klein and his administration could be completely tossed out by
a new leader with different priorities.

But Galloway was sure McClellan's promises would be kept.

"We're quite confident that money is forthcoming," Galloway said.

Calgary Flames president Ken King said he did hear unofficially how much the
Saddledome can expect, but wouldn't talk about it publicly.

"Our priorities are far beyond the scope of what we're getting. We've got a very
long list of needs," he said.

Other local facilities expected to get part of the $320 million earmarked for
community facilities and agricultural initiatives include McMahon Stadium,
agricultural research lands, and aboriginal and affordable housing.

eferguson@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday

Legal aid in works for state's needy [JUMP]Web-based resources would be more
affordable;
Web-based resources would be more affordable

BYLINE: EMERSON BRITO Tribune staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 723 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Florida Commission on Access to Civil Justice will hold its
second meeting on Friday, May 15, from 1:00 p.m. until 5:45 p.m. at the Tampa
Airport Marriott Hotel, 4200 George J. Bean Parkway, Tampa. The meeting will be
in the Hillsborough Grand Ballroom. It is open to the public and will be
broadcast live on the Florida Supreme Court's Gavel to Gavel website at
http://wfsu.org/gavel2gavel/.


TAMPA - Leaders in Florida's legal community are working toward creating a
website where people who can't afford an attorney for civil matters can either
find one or get the information they need without having to hire legal counsel.

If the effort succeeds, it would create the first system of its kind in the
country, combining both the legal aid and courts systems in a single online
resource, said Melissa Moss, director of grant programs and development at the
Florida Bar Foundation.

Moss called it a wider umbrella than what exists anywhere else in the country
right now.

A unified place that potential clients can go to, added William Van Nortwick
Jr., a Jacksonville attorney and member of a subcommittee working on the project
for the Florida Commission on Access to Civil Justice.

The plan was discussed earlier this month at a conference in Tampa.

People could go to the website for legal needs ranging from a restraining order
in a domestic case to help with a landlord-tenant dispute. More serious cases
would be flagged and the client put in contact with a lawyer willing to work for
no charge.

In cases where attorneys are deemed unnecessary, people will be directed to
other resources - group legal training, for example, or instructional videos.

One example is an instructional video posted by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for
the Middle District of Florida, which was cited by both Van Nortwick and
Kathleen McLeroy, a Tampa lawyer who serves with him on the commission's Legal
Services Subcommittee.

The Internet for now is seen as the best way to extend civil justice to a
broader range of people.

Consultation is available this way, McLeroy said, regardless of where you are.

Even most people living below the poverty line have smartphones they could use
to reach out for help, Van Nortwick said.

The commission cited Illinois as a model for a statewide civil justice access
system.

What's unique about Illinois is the combination of technology and partnership,
Moss said, with legal aid and the courts creating self-help centers in every
county in the state. Still, even Illinois doesn't combine legal aid resources
with online court information statewide as Florida is discussing. A statewide
system would be designed to close the gap between poor people who are getting
help and those who aren't. An estimated 80 percent of the legal needs of the
poor go unmet, according to the commission, making it a societal issue.

Right now, I fear that many people in this country feel the rule of law is for
someone else, said Jorge Labarga, a Florida Supreme Court justice and the
chairman of the commission.

Closing this gap could do more than help clients; it could also help the
economy.

According to a study by Florida TaxWatch in 2010, every dollar spent by federal,
local and state governments resulted in $4.78 worth of economic impact. Another
study released in March by The Tennessee Bar Association's Access to Justice
Committee and the Corporate Counsel Pro Bono Initiative found that every dollar
invested in legal aid brought in over $11 worth of economic impact. The money
comes from the savings in community expenses such as emergency shelter and
foreclosure, and the financial relief individuals experienced through legal aid.

The commission is asking the business community to help with funding for the new
Web-based resources. Efforts also are being made to secure a state contribution
through the Legislature, but Florida remains one of only three states where
civil legal aid receives no legislative or court funding.

Many people are unaware of where to go or what to do when they face legal
problems,  McLeroy said.

Also, some agencies are restricted in how they can help. For example, some
agencies might not be able to help a client with an immigration issue, leaving
the client lost.

They really don't know where to go, Moss agreed. The proposed system is a way to
connect people with the resources in Florida.

Van Nortwick warned that a single Web-based resource access site is a good
concept, but whether it works will depend on how it's executed.

We have to put a lot of meat on the bones to get down on the details, he said.

The commission hopes to have a pilot project in place by the end of 2015.

Emerson Brito is a Tribune intern and a student at Ryerson College in Toronto.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday

Legal aid in works for state's needy Web-based resources would be more
affordable;
Web-based resources would be more affordable

BYLINE: EMERSON BRITO Tribune staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 723 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Florida Commission on Access to Civil Justice will hold its
second meeting on Friday, May 15, from 1:00 p.m. until 5:45 p.m. at the Tampa
Airport Marriott Hotel, 4200 George J. Bean Parkway, Tampa. The meeting will be
in the Hillsborough Grand Ballroom. It is open to the public and will be
broadcast live on the Florida Supreme Court's Gavel to Gavel website at
http://wfsu.org/gavel2gavel/.


TAMPA - Leaders in Florida's legal community are working toward creating a
website where people who can't afford an attorney for civil matters can either
find one or get the information they need without having to hire legal counsel.

If the effort succeeds, it would create the first system of its kind in the
country, combining both the legal aid and courts systems in a single online
resource, said Melissa Moss, director of grant programs and development at the
Florida Bar Foundation.

Moss called it a wider umbrella than what exists anywhere else in the country
right now.

A unified place that potential clients can go to, added William Van Nortwick
Jr., a Jacksonville attorney and member of a subcommittee working on the project
for the Florida Commission on Access to Civil Justice.

The plan was discussed earlier this month at a conference in Tampa.

People could go to the website for legal needs ranging from a restraining order
in a domestic case to help with a landlord-tenant dispute. More serious cases
would be flagged and the client put in contact with a lawyer willing to work for
no charge.

In cases where attorneys are deemed unnecessary, people will be directed to
other resources - group legal training, for example, or instructional videos.

One example is an instructional video posted by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for
the Middle District of Florida, which was cited by both Van Nortwick and
Kathleen McLeroy, a Tampa lawyer who serves with him on the commission's Legal
Services Subcommittee.

The Internet for now is seen as the best way to extend civil justice to a
broader range of people.

Consultation is available this way, McLeroy said, regardless of where you are.

Even most people living below the poverty line have smartphones they could use
to reach out for help, Van Nortwick said.

The commission cited Illinois as a model for a statewide civil justice access
system.

What's unique about Illinois is the combination of technology and partnership,
Moss said, with legal aid and the courts creating self-help centers in every
county in the state. Still, even Illinois doesn't combine legal aid resources
with online court information statewide as Florida is discussing. A statewide
system would be designed to close the gap between poor people who are getting
help and those who aren't. An estimated 80 percent of the legal needs of the
poor go unmet, according to the commission, making it a societal issue.

Right now, I fear that many people in this country feel the rule of law is for
someone else, said Jorge Labarga, a Florida Supreme Court justice and the
chairman of the commission.

Closing this gap could do more than help clients; it could also help the
economy.

According to a study by Florida TaxWatch in 2010, every dollar spent by federal,
local and state governments resulted in $4.78 worth of economic impact. Another
study released in March by The Tennessee Bar Association's Access to Justice
Committee and the Corporate Counsel Pro Bono Initiative found that every dollar
invested in legal aid brought in over $11 worth of economic impact. The money
comes from the savings in community expenses such as emergency shelter and
foreclosure, and the financial relief individuals experienced through legal aid.

The commission is asking the business community to help with funding for the new
Web-based resources. Efforts also are being made to secure a state contribution
through the Legislature, but Florida remains one of only three states where
civil legal aid receives no legislative or court funding.

Many people are unaware of where to go or what to do when they face legal
problems,  McLeroy said.

Also, some agencies are restricted in how they can help. For example, some
agencies might not be able to help a client with an immigration issue, leaving
the client lost.

They really don't know where to go, Moss agreed. The proposed system is a way to
connect people with the resources in Florida.

Van Nortwick warned that a single Web-based resource access site is a good
concept, but whether it works will depend on how it's executed.

We have to put a lot of meat on the bones to get down on the details, he said.

The commission hopes to have a pilot project in place by the end of 2015.

Emerson Brito is a Tribune intern and a student at Ryerson College in Toronto.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday
                                  Mars Edition

South Bend Chamber awards top honors

BYLINE: South Bend Tribune Report

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 461 words


SOUTH BEND -- Five of St. Joseph County's top companies and business leaders
were honored Tuesday at the South Bend Regional Chamber's 2017 Salute to
Business event at Century Center.

Winning the award for Outstanding Young Business Leader was Jonathon Geels of
Troyer Group.

Geels, a licensed landscape architect, helped develop and build a
25,000-square-foot pop-up park on the Jefferson Boulevard Bridge for South
Bend's 150th anniversary celebration. His many other achievements include
serving on advisory boards for South Bend's Smart Streets design efforts, the
West Side Main Streets Plan and South Bend's Nike Share initiative.

Rose Meissner was the winner of the Athena Award.

Meissner is the president of the Community Foundation of St. Joseph County,
which under her leadership has grown to be one of the top 100 community
foundations in the United States. Annually, the Community Foundation of St.
Joseph directs sizable grants to charitable organizations in the county.

Meissner's leadership at the foundation is underscored by the highly successful
"Give Local St. Joseph County" -- a one-day donation event that netted nearly $7
million, which benefited 53 local charities.

The Economic Impact Award went to the company General Stamping & Metalworks.

Accepting the award was John Axelberg, GSM's president and chief executive
officer. Axelberg's grandfather founded the company in 1922. GSM employs 190
people in South Bend. The company -- which has built a large,
multimillion-dollar state-of-the-industry advanced manufacturing plant at 25101
Cleveland Road -- consistently lands in the top 10 of The Fabricator magazine's
FAB 40, an annual ranking of the largest American fabricators.

Kinetic IT Solutions won the Small Business of the Year Award.

Accepting the award for Kinetic was the company's founder, Jim Peterson, who
started the company as the country battled a major recession and South Bend was
coping with climbing unemployment numbers.

As a managed service provider for small to midsized clientele, Kinetic IT
Solutions has experienced financial growth as high as 23 percent in 2016 alone
and has seen a 50 percent boost in sales volume in the last three years.

Winning the W. Scott Miller Distinguished Business Leader Award was Dave Lerman,
chairman of Lerman Enterprises.

Steel Warehouse, Lock Joint Tube, SFI and Wright Metals comprise Lerman
Enterprises. The South Bend-based Steel Warehouse was started in 1947. Lerman
Enterprises acquired Lock Joint Tube out of bankruptcy in 1991 and SFI in 2002
-- all under Dave Lerman's leadership. Today, Steel Warehouse employs 500 people
locally and 1,000 people at 14 sites in the Midwest and the South, plus in
Mexico and Brazil. Lock Joint Tube, SFI and Wright Metals employ an additional
1,200 people.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2017 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Fact Sheet: Administration Announces Additional Economic and
Workforce Development Resources for Coal Communities through POWER Initiative

LENGTH: 5382 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: White House Administration has issued the following news release:



  As part of President Obama's continuing efforts to assist communities
negatively impacted by changes in the coal industry and power sector, today the
Administration is announcing the second round of grants awarded this year as
part of the POWER Initiative's "POWER 2016" funding opportunity that invests in
economic revitalization and workforce training in coal communities across the
country.  The awards announced today, totaling nearly $28 million, will support
42 economic and workforce development projects in thirteen states that are
building a strong economic future in communities, and targeting various industry
sectors, including manufacturing, information technology, agriculture, housing,
and tourism and recreation.  The awards are administered by the Appalachian
Regional Commission (ARC) and the U.S. Department of Commerce's Economic
Development Administration (EDA).





 The POWER (Partnerships for Opportunity and Workforce and Economic
Revitalization) Initiative is a community-based Administration effort involving
ten federal agencies working together to align, leverage and target a range of
federal economic and workforce development programs and resources to assist
communities and workers that have been affected by job losses in coal mining,
coal power plant operations, and coal-related supply chain industries due to the
changing economics of America's energy sector.  The POWER initiative exemplifies
a collaborative approach to federal partnership with communities that President
Obama and his Administration have steadily advanced, which focuses on improving
coordination across federal agencies, tailoring federal support based on local
needs and priorities, encouraging local long-term strategic planning, and
relying on data and evidence to inform solutions that work.



 The POWER Initiative is the primary economic and workforce component of
President Obama's broader POWER+ Plan, part of his FY 2017 budget request to
Congress.  There is bipartisan legislation in Congress consistent with two of
the President's POWER+ proposals that could have a significant positive impact
on workers, communities and retirees in coal country, and complement the POWER
Initiative's investments.



 1.The Miners Protection Act (S. 1714) and its House companion, the Coal
Healthcare and Pensions Protection Act (H.R. 2403),mirror the President's
proposal to transfer federal funds to strengthen the solvency of the largest
multi-employer pension plan serving retired coal miners and their families, and
to extend health care coverage to additional retirees, more than twenty thousand
of whom will start to lose their existing coverage at the end of this year.



 2.The RECLAIM Act (H.R. 4456), which is consistent with the President's
proposal to invest $1 billion in projects that link abandoned coal mine
reclamation to economic development strategies, while stimulating economic
activity and job creation in hard hit coalfield communities.



 Congress has the ability to pass this legislation before the end of the year
and send it to the President's desk for his signature.



 The awards announced today are from a competitive POWER federal funding
opportunity that the ARC and EDA released in March of this year by to provide
implementation, planning and technical assistance grants.



 POWER Implementation Award Summaries:



     $3,000,000 ARC grant to Friends of Southwest Virginia in Abingdon, VA for
the Building Appalachian Spring: Growing the Economy of Southwest Virginia
project. This comprehensive project will significantly enhance the outdoor
recreation industry as an economic driver in a four-county region in
southwestern Virginia. ARC funds will be used to develop four access points to
the New River that strategically link the river to nearby communities'
hospitality and tourism services; construct a 4,000 square foot Gateway Center
to the High Knob Recreation Area - providing visitors with more centralized
access to numerous nearby recreation assets; build an Appalachian Trail Center
in downtown Damascus; and create a 30-mile, multi-use trail connecting Breaks
Interstate Park directly to downtown Haysi's business district.  The project
will increase travel expenditures in project locations by $30 million over the
next five years, create 60 new businesses and 200 new jobs, and is supported by
funding from the Virginia Tobacco Region Revitalization Commission.

     $2,220,000 ARC grant to the Industrial Development Authority in Wise, VA
for the Virginia Emerging Drone Industry Cluster Project. ARC funds will be used
to position five counties in southwestern Virginia as a national destination for
the development of a drone-operator workforce to support the emerging drone
industry in the United States. The award will enable Mountain Empire Community
College to offer courses that train students, including former coal industry
workers, to operate drones and drone sensors to provide commercial and
government services - including geospatial surveys, close-up inspections of
fixed structures, and mapping. The award will train 64 new workers, leverage
$15,000,000 in additional investment, and enable a private aerospace company in
the region to perform work on a major contract - thereby creating 210 new direct
and indirect jobs.



     $2,040,000 EDA grant to the City of Bluefield, WV to support development of
the Bluefield Commercialization Station project. Under this project the city, in
partnership with the Shott Foundation, will rehabilitate and transform an
existing 50,000 square foot freight station into an incubator to serve new and
existing businesses. This project will provide high-tech business services
including prototype development, product design and development, retooling, and
supply chain assistance. This project will support the creation and retention of
72 jobs, expand at least 12 local businesses, and leverage $510,000 in private
investment.

     $1,800,000 ARC grant to the Appalachian Wildlife Foundation Inc. in Corbin,
KY for the Appalachian Wildlife Center Infrastructure project. ARC funds will be
used to install water infrastructure at the future site of the Appalachian
Wildlife Center, a conservation education and research facility. The Wildlife
Center facility -- located on 19 miles of reclaimed mine land -- will feature
the largest elk restoration and viewing effort in the United States. The
facility will be modeled on the successful Elk Country Visitor Center in
Benezette, Pennsylvania. The project will position a 10-county region in the
tri-state area of southeastern Kentucky, northeastern Tennessee, and
southwestern Virginia as a national tourist attraction, and will create 86 new
jobs.

     $1,747,806 ARC grant to the Center for Rural Entrepreneurship in Chapel
Hill, NC for the Building Entrepreneurial Communities: The Foundation of an
Economic Transition for Appalachia project. The project will build and
strengthen the entrepreneurial ecosystem in an 18-county region covering
southeastern Ohio, southern West Virginia, and southeastern Kentucky. Project
activities include establishing a support system that can identify and develop
new entrepreneurs; assisting new and expanding businesses with skill
development; and connecting entrepreneurs with existing capacity-building
resources in the region. The project will create 72 new businesses and 250 new
jobs.

     $1,558,850 EDA grant to the City of Belpre, OH, which, in partnership with
the Buckeye Hills-Hocking Valley Regional Development District, will implement
an infrastructure improvement project and extend sewer service two miles north
of the city along Ohio Route 7 to accommodate large employers and businesses in
the area. The completed project is projected to contribute to the retention of
existing jobs and the creation of up to 255 new jobs, and to leverage over $3
million of new private investments.

     $1,502,938 ARC grant to Marshall University Research Corporation in
Huntington, WV for the Sprouting Farms project. The project will facilitate the
development of a vibrant agricultural industry in a nine-county area in southern
West Virginia by educating new farmers, launching farm businesses, and
jump-starting wholesale market channels, all while encouraging business and farm
sustainability. ARC funds will be used to implement workforce and farm business
accelerator training programs; secure and upgrade the project site and
facilities; and provide direct business support and employment to new
agricultural businesses and program graduates. The project will create 20 new
businesses and 33 new jobs, and leverage $961,475 in additional investment.
Additional funding is being provided by the Claude Worthington Benedum
Foundation.

     $1,501,499 ARC grant to Marion County, TN for the Marion County Regional
Center for Higher Education Phase II & III project. ARC funds will be utilized
to construct a 30,000 square foot educational facility that will house new
technology and industrial training programs. The project will also conduct
outreach to displaced workers from the Widows Creek Power Plant - a coal-fired
facility in the area that was recently retired. The project will train 109
people for careers in advanced manufacturing and information technology, and
will improve 20 existing businesses in the region.

     $1,422,965 ARC grant to Hocking College in Nelsonville, OH for the
Appalachia RISES (Revitalizing an Industry-ready Skilling Ecosystem for
Sustainability) Initiative. The project will leverage the expertise of regional
education, business, and government entities to deliver comprehensive workforce
training services in employment fields that meet current and anticipated
industry needs in North Central Appalachia - including advanced energy,
automotive technology, petroleum technology, welding, and commercial driver's
license (CDL). The project will train 306 workers over the life of the award,
and primarily serve a 17-county region covering southeastern Ohio and central
West Virginia.

     $1,420,219 ARC grant to Southwest Virginia Community College (SWCC) in
Cedar Bluff, VA for the Southwest Virginia Regional Cybersecurity Initiative.
The initiative brings together three colleges in southwestern Virginia - SWCC,
Mountain Empire Community College (MECC), and University of Virginia's College
at Wise (UVa-Wise) - and aims to position this seven county southwestern
Virginia area as a regional hub for the cybersecurity industry. Specific
activities will include creating a certification/credential program aligned with
industry needs and National Security Agency guidelines; providing support
services to cybersecurity start-up companies that locate to the region; and
expanding UVa-Wise's existing bachelor's degree program in cybersecurity through
an accelerator space in which cybersecurity companies can co-locate research and
development activities. Additional funding for the project is being provided by
the Virginia Tobacco Region Revitalization Commission.   The project will train
161 new workers, and retain 110 jobs.

     $1,000,000 ARC grant to the Federation of Appalachian Housing Enterprises,
Inc. (FAHE) in Berea, KY for the Appalachian HEAT Squad project. ARC's
investment will be utilized to improve the energy efficiency of low-income homes
in coal-impacted communities across a nine-county region in eastern Kentucky --
while also creating entrepreneurial and skills-based training opportunities in
the area. The project will partner with Hazard Community and Technical College
and the Mountain Association for Community Economic Development (MACED) to
deliver the entrepreneurial education and construction training component, and
with two other training organizations to increase the skill-base for private
housing contractors operating in the region. The project will create or retain
119 jobs, increase the quality, affordability, and performance of over 270
homes, and leverage $525,000 in private investment.

     $790,118 EDA grant to the University of Utah, in Salt Lake City, UT, in
support of the Coal Pitch Technical Plan. Working in partnership with the
University of Kentucky, the University of Utah is addressing the regional and
national contractions in the coal economy by examining new commercially-viable
uses for coal byproducts. The project will evaluate the feasibility of
converting coal pitch to carbon fiber to produce lightweight, high-strength
composites that are increasingly in demand by manufacturers in automotive and
other sectors. This grant will be used to produce, test and classify coal pitch
carbon fiber, design a regional supply chain map, and pair workforce needs with
the economic impact of the conversion process/market.

     $662,567 ARC grant to the Southwestern Pennsylvania Corporation in
Pittsburgh, PA for the Southwest Pennsylvania Economic Gardening Initiative. ARC
funds will diversify the business operations of supply chain industries in a
10-county region in southwestern Pennsylvania.  Working with Catalyst Connection
(the regional Manufacturing Extension Partnership), the project will focus on
small manufacturing establishments (SMEs) in the coal supply chain by providing
mini-grants to targeted firms that enable the most impactful business
development strategies to move forward quickly and efficiently - with a specific
emphasis on increasing access to advanced manufacturing technologies. In
addition, the project will target freight and logistics firms operating along
the waterways of southwest Pennsylvania to increase their competitiveness by
identifying and prioritizing new markets and opportunities. The project will
create or retain 330 jobs, serve 55 supply chain businesses, and leverage
$25,000,000 in private funds.

     $649,958 EDA grant to Western State Colorado University, in Gunnison, CO,
in support of the Innovation, Creativity, & Entrepreneurship (ICE) House and ICE
Accelerator Innovation Center project. The ICE House will feature a
collaborative co-working center and innovation lab for community and campus
entrepreneurs to work together and support each other's creations. Grant funds
will be leveraged to attract investment from angel networks and venture capital
firms to create new job opportunities for the City of Gunnison's workforce, and
provide stable and high-wage economic diversification beyond the coal and
hospitality industries that the local economy is currently reliant on.

     $500,000 ARC grant to Innovation Works, Inc. in Pittsburgh, PA for the
Revitalization of Southwestern Pennsylvania Coal-Impacted Communities through
Innovation and Entrepreneurship project. ARC funds will be used to implement
five different but complimentary programs designed to deliver a variety of
benefits to entrepreneurs and small businesses in a nine-county region in
southwestern Pennsylvania - including the provision of human resource services
to early-stage, high-growth companies, and training services for existing small
businesses. Programs will target entrepreneurs who were formerly employed in the
coal industry, coal-fired power plants, and suppliers to those industries. The
project will create 65 new jobs and 7 new businesses, leverage $1,100,000 in
additional investment, and retain 30 existing jobs.

     $499,480 ARC grant to RAIN Source Capital, Inc. for the Appalachia Angel
Investor Network project. ARC funds will enable the awardee to work with
existing and new angel investment funds to enhance the capability of
coal-impacted communities across 9 Appalachian states to make investments in
start-up, early stage, and growth companies. Specifically, the project will
create at least four new angel funds in target communities, and will provide
tools, training, and support services to existing angel funds and networks
already operating in Appalachia. The project will result in the creation of 20
new businesses and 100 new jobs, and will leverage $4,000,000 in private
investment from 100 investors.

     $400,000 ARC grant to Erwin Utilities in Erwin, TN for the Temple Hill &
Bumpus Cove Broadband project. ARC funds will be used to install 35 miles of
fiber optic cable on existing pole lines - allowing business and residential
subscribers in Temple Hill and Bumpus Cove access to broadband services. The
area does not currently have cable broadband available and DSL service is not
offered ubiquitously.  Tourism expansion is a major economic driver in the area
and increased bandwidth will help expand the tourism industry and revenue base.
The project will serve 680 households and 30 businesses, and will act as an
economic driver in a three county area in northeast Tennessee, which has been
adversely affected by the closure of a major rail yard as a result of the
decline in coal shipments.

     $362,989 ARC grant to the Center for Rural Health Development, Inc. in
Hurricane, WV for the WV Rural Health Infrastructure Loan Fund project. ARC
funds will assist in capitalizing a revolving loan fund designed to strengthen
the health care industry in a 25-county region in central West Virginia. In
addition, the award will provide technical and business development assistance
to existing health care providers with business-related needs. The project will
create or retain 65 jobs, yield $1,000,000 of financing for health care
businesses, and provide 216 organizations with technical assistance.

     $353,086 ARC grant to the Town of Unicoi, TN for the Mountain Harvest
Kitchen Incubator & Entrepreneurial Training Program. ARC funds will purchase
equipment for a shared-use, commercial kitchen where value-added processing of
locally-harvested products will take place. Entrepreneurial training will be
offered by partner organizations including AccelNow, the Appalachian Resource
Conservation and Development Council, and the University of Tennessee
Agricultural Extension for start-ups and established businesses in the
agricultural sector. The program will serve a nine-county region in northeast
Tennessee and northwest North Carolina, create 30 new businesses and 60 new
jobs, serve 91 trainees, and leverage $1,200,000 in private investment.

     $301,916 EDA grant to the Centralia College Robotics Workforce Training
project in Centralia, WA.  This award will help fund a workforce development
project in alignment with a strategic plan designed by the Lewis Economic
Development Council with support from an EDA POWER 2015 planning grant in
response to the retirement of a local coal power plant. The project will support
the acquisition of equipment for use in a workforce training program at
Centralia College, which will train the region's workforce to use the most
current robotics technology. Prospective employers and supporters of the program
include The Boeing Company and the Fluke Corporation.



 POWER Planning Grant and Technical Assistance Award Summaries:



     $960,000 EDA grant to the Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic
Development (DCED) in Harrisburg, PA, in support of the Repositioning
Pennsylvania's Strategic Assets project. In partnership with FirstEnergy,
Exelon, regional and economic development organizations, and potential buyers,
DCED will coordinate efforts to evaluate the potential of commercially
repurposing retired coal-fired power plant sites throughout the state. These
sites are often located on strategically valuable real estate located along
rivers and often near downtown areas. They have critical infrastructure already
in place and feature rail and road access, and water, sewer, and transmission
lines, and therefore hold the potential for commercial redevelopment and
subsequent economic diversification and job creation.

     $400,000 EDA grant to the National Association of Counties (NACo) and the
National Association of Development Organizations (NADO) in Washington, DC in
support of the Technical Assistance for Coal Communities project targeting
Colorado, Wyoming, Montana, and Utah. The project will provide technical
assistance to communities whose economies have been severely impacted by the
declining use of coal, and will build on the success of the Innovation Challenge
for Coal-Reliant Communities, a program that the co-awardees jointly implemented
from 2014 to 2016 with the support of the EDA. Community leaders will
participate in intensive training workshops, and receive peer networking
opportunities and mentoring resources related to economic diversification, job
creation and long-term, place-based economic development strategies.

     $375,000 EDA grant to Citizens Energy Group, in Indianapolis, IN, in
partnership with the City of Indianapolis, the Central Indiana Community
Foundation and local community development corporations.  The award will fund
the development of a site assessment and reuse and implementation strategy for a
former coke coal manufacturing facility located in the Indianapolis Promise
Zone. The project will identify potential reuse strategies for the site,
including redevelopment for manufacturing companies that support economic
diversification and workforce development strategies to foster local and
regional economic resiliency.

     $300,000 EDA grant to the Coconino County Career Center in Flagstaff, AZ,
in support of the Northern Arizona Regional Resilience Initiative. The project
will develop a strategic plan designed to strengthen regional economic
resilience through reduced dependence on the coal industry and increased
economic diversification. Project activities will include the identification of
in-demand workforce development programs and training curriculum, examination of
re-employment opportunities for workers in coal-related industries,
identification of broadband opportunities, and development and promotion of
industry sector strategies.  Coconino County will leverage an additional
$100,000 in U.S. Department of Labor WIOA funds.

     $150,000 ARC grant to Reconnecting McDowell, Inc. in Charleston, WV to
develop an economic development and diversification strategy for the City of
Welch and McDowell County centered on the Renaissance Village Apartments, a
housing project that will develop rental housing in downtown Welch for teachers
and young professionals employed in the area. Renaissance Village will serve as
an anchor for redevelopment efforts in the downtown area and provide affordable
housing.  The planning project will assist with an entrepreneurship and small
business initiative, along with financial and operations modeling for
Renaissance Village.

     $140,000 ARC grant to the West Virginia Connecting Communities Inc. in
Charleston, WV in partnership with the New River Gorge Trail Association for the
development of an economic feasibility study for a regionally-connected bike
trail system in Fayette and Nicholas Counties. The focus of the study will be
the viability of linking over 500 miles of bike trails and the impact to small
communities throughout the region.

     $123,488 ARC grant to the Region 4 Planning and Development Council in
Summersville, WV to develop a strategic plan for the Upper Kanawha Valley. In
partnership with the Center for Rural Entrepreneurship, the plan will include
prioritizing economic strategies, building regional collaboration across
counties, and assisting communities to create greater economic diversification
that fosters sustainability.

     $119,460 ARC grant to Rural Action in The Plains, OH to develop a strategic
plan and feasibility study for the Appalachian Ohio Solar Supply-Chain
Initiative. This regional planning effort will focus on building a stakeholder
partnership that will develop a regional solar manufacturing supply-chain in
response to a major utility's plan to deploy new solar resources in Ohio.

     $105,000 ARC grant to Williamson Health and Wellness Center in Williamson,
WV to provide grant writing assistance, and develop a feasibility study, a
strategic plan, and preliminary architectural design work for a vacant building
in Williamson's downtown, a former "pill mill." If deemed viable, the building
will be rebuilt as a one-stop facility that would provide workforce training,
opioid addiction and substance abuse treatment services to assist individuals in
recovery to become employment ready. The service area will include counties in
both Kentucky and West Virginia.

     $93,495 ARC grant to the West Virginia Community Development Hub in
Fairmont, WV, which, in partnership with the International Economic Development
Council, will provide technical assistance to five coal-impacted counties
(Boone, Greenbrier, Lincoln, McDowell and Wyoming) through economic development
mentoring for local community teams. As a result of this investment, community
teams will develop local economic diversification strategies.

     $90,000 ARC grant to Randolph County Development Authority in Elkins, WV to
develop a strategic plan focused on the promotion and expansion of the hardwood
industry cluster. In partnership with the Hardwood Alliance Zone, the strategic
plan will assist in strengthening the economy of the nine-county region.  The
project will build on the recent EDA and ARC POWER grants that are enabling a
local wood products manufacturer to expand its operations.

     $80,142 EDA grant to the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania in
Philadelphia, PA, in support of a Plan to Sustain Small Businesses in the Coal
Economy.  Working with the Kleinman Center for Energy Policy, the Pennsylvania
Small Business Development Center will spearhead the development of a plan to
propose strategic responses that enable small businesses to successfully adapt
to the rapid transitions occurring in the power sector and in coal reliant
communities and supply chains. The plan will examine how technology
commercialization and entrepreneurial opportunities for displaced workers can
reinvigorate and diversify regional economies; it will also analyze
opportunities to create linkages with accelerator programs and rapid prototyping
centers, and to bolster industry sectors in manufacturing, electronics, energy
innovation and cyber security.

     $69,831 EDA grant to Ohio University in Athens, OH, to conduct a Skillshed
analysis that will identify and analyze the current skill sets of former coal
industry employees, the skills requirements across various emerging and existing
high-growth industries, and the gaps between these current skill sets and
existing industry demand within a 32-county area and in partnership with four
EDA Economic Development Districts.  The findings of the final report will be
used to inform the workforce development and economic resiliency strategies and
projects of economic development organizations across the region.

     $60,000 ARC grant to Webster County Economic Development Authority in
Webster Springs, WV to conduct a feasibility study for the development of a
multi-county All-Terrain Vehicle trail system in five counties. This grant will
assist in developing a major tourism asset for the region and create
opportunities for local small businesses.  The project will work in partnership
with the Hatfield McCoy Trail Authority.

     $50,000 EDA grant to the Huron County Economic Development Corporation
(EDC) in Bad Axe, MI, in partnership with the City of Harbor Beach, MI, in
response the closure of the DTE Energy-owned coal power plant, which resulted in
the loss of jobs and an important source of revenue for the local tax base. The
project will support a feasibility study focusing on the viability of creating a
local multipurpose space that could serve as an entrepreneurship and business
start-up hub. The hub would share resources with local, regional and state
organizations and entrepreneurs, while also serving the local needs of the
business community. DTE is providing a $50,000 cash match to support this
project.

     $50,000 EDA grant to the County of St. Clair in Port Huron, MI, which, in
partnership with the Economic Development Alliance of St. Clair County, will
conduct a comprehensive economic impact study of the planned retirement in 2023
of the DTE Energy-owned St. Clair Power Plant. The study will identify economic
activity related to the plant and the impacts of its future retirement, provide
scenario-based strategies for mitigating negative impacts of the plant's
closure, and recommend strategies for economic diversification and reinvestment.
DTE is providing a $50,000 cash match to support this project.

     $50,000 EDA grant to the Southeastern Montana Development Corporation in
Colstrip, MT. Colstrip Power Plant Units 1 and 2 will be retired by 2022.
Between this anticipated closure and the resulting layoffs at the nearby Rosebud
Mine, the total cumulative job losses are projected to have a significant impact
on the regional workforce. This EDA investment will support the development of
an economic development strategy that the City of Colstrip will use as its guide
to diversifying and stabilizing the economy of Colstrip and the surrounding area
that has historically depended on both coal mining and coal-fired power
generation.

     $14,214 ARC grant to the United Mine Workers Association Career Centers,
Inc. in Prosperity, PA to provide grant writing assistance to raise funds for
the development of a training program at their Greene County, PA training
facility. The program will emphasize high demand occupations such as commercial
driver's license, and heavy equipment and diesel mechanics.

     $11,108 ARC grant to Round the Mountain: Southwest Virginia's Artisan
Network in Abingdon, VA to provide grant writing assistance to raise funds for
the creation of a regional craft beverage cluster that will strengthen
Virginia's agriculture industry and tourism in the region. The project will
build off the extensive network cultivated by the Southwest Virginia Cultural
Heritage Foundation.



 POWER Special Research Award Summaries:



     $497,000 ARC grant to the Region 1 - Planning and Development Council in
Princeton, WV for the Coalfields Cluster Mapping Initiative research project.
ARC funds will be used to map the extent of the coal industry supply chain
across the tri-state region of Kentucky, Virginia, and West Virginia. The
resulting detailed information on the supply chain will complement ongoing work
undertaken by other ARC-funded projects, examining the extent of the decline in
the coal economy and providing business technical assistance to aid the impacted
supply chain firms in their return to growth and profitability.

     $349,999 ARC grant to West Virginia University Research Corporation in
Morgantown, WV for the Economic Analysis of Coal Industry Ecosystem in
Appalachia project. This study will examine the full ecosystem of the coal
industry in Appalachia through in-depth quantitative analysis. Specifically,
this research will identify, quantify, and map data on all relevant coal
industry activity throughout the Appalachian Region. The three tasks of this
research project are to: 1) identify all components of the coal ecosystem and
estimate the supply chain impacts in Appalachia; 2) examine the implications of
the coal industry downturn on freight rail, barge, and truck transportation in
Appalachia; and 3) develop a typology of regional economies that surround the
coal-fired plants in the Region using both econometric and input-output
techniques.

     $149,998 ARC grant to Downstream Strategies in Morgantown, WV for the
Strengthening Economic Resilience in Appalachian Communities project. This
research will explore and document strategies and policies local leaders can use
to enhance the future economic prospects of coal-impacted communities throughout
the Appalachian Region. There are four key components to this research project:
1) develop a comprehensive, quantitative framework to explore economic
resilience; 2) identify a series of best-practice strategies for strengthening
local economic resilience; 3) conduct up to 10 in-depth case studies; and 4)
produce a concise guidebook that interprets and integrates findings of the
research, written specifically for local economic development practitioners.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Fact Sheet: Administration Announces Additional Economic and
Workforce Development Resources for Coal Communities through POWER Initiative

LENGTH: 5382 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: White House Administration has issued the following news release:



  As part of President Obama's continuing efforts to assist communities
negatively impacted by changes in the coal industry and power sector, today the
Administration is announcing the second round of grants awarded this year as
part of the POWER Initiative's "POWER 2016" funding opportunity that invests in
economic revitalization and workforce training in coal communities across the
country.  The awards announced today, totaling nearly $28 million, will support
42 economic and workforce development projects in thirteen states that are
building a strong economic future in communities, and targeting various industry
sectors, including manufacturing, information technology, agriculture, housing,
and tourism and recreation.  The awards are administered by the Appalachian
Regional Commission (ARC) and the U.S. Department of Commerce's Economic
Development Administration (EDA).





 The POWER (Partnerships for Opportunity and Workforce and Economic
Revitalization) Initiative is a community-based Administration effort involving
ten federal agencies working together to align, leverage and target a range of
federal economic and workforce development programs and resources to assist
communities and workers that have been affected by job losses in coal mining,
coal power plant operations, and coal-related supply chain industries due to the
changing economics of America's energy sector.  The POWER initiative exemplifies
a collaborative approach to federal partnership with communities that President
Obama and his Administration have steadily advanced, which focuses on improving
coordination across federal agencies, tailoring federal support based on local
needs and priorities, encouraging local long-term strategic planning, and
relying on data and evidence to inform solutions that work.



 The POWER Initiative is the primary economic and workforce component of
President Obama's broader POWER+ Plan, part of his FY 2017 budget request to
Congress.  There is bipartisan legislation in Congress consistent with two of
the President's POWER+ proposals that could have a significant positive impact
on workers, communities and retirees in coal country, and complement the POWER
Initiative's investments.



 1.The Miners Protection Act (S. 1714) and its House companion, the Coal
Healthcare and Pensions Protection Act (H.R. 2403),mirror the President's
proposal to transfer federal funds to strengthen the solvency of the largest
multi-employer pension plan serving retired coal miners and their families, and
to extend health care coverage to additional retirees, more than twenty thousand
of whom will start to lose their existing coverage at the end of this year.



 2.The RECLAIM Act (H.R. 4456), which is consistent with the President's
proposal to invest $1 billion in projects that link abandoned coal mine
reclamation to economic development strategies, while stimulating economic
activity and job creation in hard hit coalfield communities.



 Congress has the ability to pass this legislation before the end of the year
and send it to the President's desk for his signature.



 The awards announced today are from a competitive POWER federal funding
opportunity that the ARC and EDA released in March of this year by to provide
implementation, planning and technical assistance grants.



 POWER Implementation Award Summaries:



     $3,000,000 ARC grant to Friends of Southwest Virginia in Abingdon, VA for
the Building Appalachian Spring: Growing the Economy of Southwest Virginia
project. This comprehensive project will significantly enhance the outdoor
recreation industry as an economic driver in a four-county region in
southwestern Virginia. ARC funds will be used to develop four access points to
the New River that strategically link the river to nearby communities'
hospitality and tourism services; construct a 4,000 square foot Gateway Center
to the High Knob Recreation Area - providing visitors with more centralized
access to numerous nearby recreation assets; build an Appalachian Trail Center
in downtown Damascus; and create a 30-mile, multi-use trail connecting Breaks
Interstate Park directly to downtown Haysi's business district.  The project
will increase travel expenditures in project locations by $30 million over the
next five years, create 60 new businesses and 200 new jobs, and is supported by
funding from the Virginia Tobacco Region Revitalization Commission.

     $2,220,000 ARC grant to the Industrial Development Authority in Wise, VA
for the Virginia Emerging Drone Industry Cluster Project. ARC funds will be used
to position five counties in southwestern Virginia as a national destination for
the development of a drone-operator workforce to support the emerging drone
industry in the United States. The award will enable Mountain Empire Community
College to offer courses that train students, including former coal industry
workers, to operate drones and drone sensors to provide commercial and
government services - including geospatial surveys, close-up inspections of
fixed structures, and mapping. The award will train 64 new workers, leverage
$15,000,000 in additional investment, and enable a private aerospace company in
the region to perform work on a major contract - thereby creating 210 new direct
and indirect jobs.



     $2,040,000 EDA grant to the City of Bluefield, WV to support development of
the Bluefield Commercialization Station project. Under this project the city, in
partnership with the Shott Foundation, will rehabilitate and transform an
existing 50,000 square foot freight station into an incubator to serve new and
existing businesses. This project will provide high-tech business services
including prototype development, product design and development, retooling, and
supply chain assistance. This project will support the creation and retention of
72 jobs, expand at least 12 local businesses, and leverage $510,000 in private
investment.

     $1,800,000 ARC grant to the Appalachian Wildlife Foundation Inc. in Corbin,
KY for the Appalachian Wildlife Center Infrastructure project. ARC funds will be
used to install water infrastructure at the future site of the Appalachian
Wildlife Center, a conservation education and research facility. The Wildlife
Center facility -- located on 19 miles of reclaimed mine land -- will feature
the largest elk restoration and viewing effort in the United States. The
facility will be modeled on the successful Elk Country Visitor Center in
Benezette, Pennsylvania. The project will position a 10-county region in the
tri-state area of southeastern Kentucky, northeastern Tennessee, and
southwestern Virginia as a national tourist attraction, and will create 86 new
jobs.

     $1,747,806 ARC grant to the Center for Rural Entrepreneurship in Chapel
Hill, NC for the Building Entrepreneurial Communities: The Foundation of an
Economic Transition for Appalachia project. The project will build and
strengthen the entrepreneurial ecosystem in an 18-county region covering
southeastern Ohio, southern West Virginia, and southeastern Kentucky. Project
activities include establishing a support system that can identify and develop
new entrepreneurs; assisting new and expanding businesses with skill
development; and connecting entrepreneurs with existing capacity-building
resources in the region. The project will create 72 new businesses and 250 new
jobs.

     $1,558,850 EDA grant to the City of Belpre, OH, which, in partnership with
the Buckeye Hills-Hocking Valley Regional Development District, will implement
an infrastructure improvement project and extend sewer service two miles north
of the city along Ohio Route 7 to accommodate large employers and businesses in
the area. The completed project is projected to contribute to the retention of
existing jobs and the creation of up to 255 new jobs, and to leverage over $3
million of new private investments.

     $1,502,938 ARC grant to Marshall University Research Corporation in
Huntington, WV for the Sprouting Farms project. The project will facilitate the
development of a vibrant agricultural industry in a nine-county area in southern
West Virginia by educating new farmers, launching farm businesses, and
jump-starting wholesale market channels, all while encouraging business and farm
sustainability. ARC funds will be used to implement workforce and farm business
accelerator training programs; secure and upgrade the project site and
facilities; and provide direct business support and employment to new
agricultural businesses and program graduates. The project will create 20 new
businesses and 33 new jobs, and leverage $961,475 in additional investment.
Additional funding is being provided by the Claude Worthington Benedum
Foundation.

     $1,501,499 ARC grant to Marion County, TN for the Marion County Regional
Center for Higher Education Phase II & III project. ARC funds will be utilized
to construct a 30,000 square foot educational facility that will house new
technology and industrial training programs. The project will also conduct
outreach to displaced workers from the Widows Creek Power Plant - a coal-fired
facility in the area that was recently retired. The project will train 109
people for careers in advanced manufacturing and information technology, and
will improve 20 existing businesses in the region.

     $1,422,965 ARC grant to Hocking College in Nelsonville, OH for the
Appalachia RISES (Revitalizing an Industry-ready Skilling Ecosystem for
Sustainability) Initiative. The project will leverage the expertise of regional
education, business, and government entities to deliver comprehensive workforce
training services in employment fields that meet current and anticipated
industry needs in North Central Appalachia - including advanced energy,
automotive technology, petroleum technology, welding, and commercial driver's
license (CDL). The project will train 306 workers over the life of the award,
and primarily serve a 17-county region covering southeastern Ohio and central
West Virginia.

     $1,420,219 ARC grant to Southwest Virginia Community College (SWCC) in
Cedar Bluff, VA for the Southwest Virginia Regional Cybersecurity Initiative.
The initiative brings together three colleges in southwestern Virginia - SWCC,
Mountain Empire Community College (MECC), and University of Virginia's College
at Wise (UVa-Wise) - and aims to position this seven county southwestern
Virginia area as a regional hub for the cybersecurity industry. Specific
activities will include creating a certification/credential program aligned with
industry needs and National Security Agency guidelines; providing support
services to cybersecurity start-up companies that locate to the region; and
expanding UVa-Wise's existing bachelor's degree program in cybersecurity through
an accelerator space in which cybersecurity companies can co-locate research and
development activities. Additional funding for the project is being provided by
the Virginia Tobacco Region Revitalization Commission.   The project will train
161 new workers, and retain 110 jobs.

     $1,000,000 ARC grant to the Federation of Appalachian Housing Enterprises,
Inc. (FAHE) in Berea, KY for the Appalachian HEAT Squad project. ARC's
investment will be utilized to improve the energy efficiency of low-income homes
in coal-impacted communities across a nine-county region in eastern Kentucky --
while also creating entrepreneurial and skills-based training opportunities in
the area. The project will partner with Hazard Community and Technical College
and the Mountain Association for Community Economic Development (MACED) to
deliver the entrepreneurial education and construction training component, and
with two other training organizations to increase the skill-base for private
housing contractors operating in the region. The project will create or retain
119 jobs, increase the quality, affordability, and performance of over 270
homes, and leverage $525,000 in private investment.

     $790,118 EDA grant to the University of Utah, in Salt Lake City, UT, in
support of the Coal Pitch Technical Plan. Working in partnership with the
University of Kentucky, the University of Utah is addressing the regional and
national contractions in the coal economy by examining new commercially-viable
uses for coal byproducts. The project will evaluate the feasibility of
converting coal pitch to carbon fiber to produce lightweight, high-strength
composites that are increasingly in demand by manufacturers in automotive and
other sectors. This grant will be used to produce, test and classify coal pitch
carbon fiber, design a regional supply chain map, and pair workforce needs with
the economic impact of the conversion process/market.

     $662,567 ARC grant to the Southwestern Pennsylvania Corporation in
Pittsburgh, PA for the Southwest Pennsylvania Economic Gardening Initiative. ARC
funds will diversify the business operations of supply chain industries in a
10-county region in southwestern Pennsylvania.  Working with Catalyst Connection
(the regional Manufacturing Extension Partnership), the project will focus on
small manufacturing establishments (SMEs) in the coal supply chain by providing
mini-grants to targeted firms that enable the most impactful business
development strategies to move forward quickly and efficiently - with a specific
emphasis on increasing access to advanced manufacturing technologies. In
addition, the project will target freight and logistics firms operating along
the waterways of southwest Pennsylvania to increase their competitiveness by
identifying and prioritizing new markets and opportunities. The project will
create or retain 330 jobs, serve 55 supply chain businesses, and leverage
$25,000,000 in private funds.

     $649,958 EDA grant to Western State Colorado University, in Gunnison, CO,
in support of the Innovation, Creativity, & Entrepreneurship (ICE) House and ICE
Accelerator Innovation Center project. The ICE House will feature a
collaborative co-working center and innovation lab for community and campus
entrepreneurs to work together and support each other's creations. Grant funds
will be leveraged to attract investment from angel networks and venture capital
firms to create new job opportunities for the City of Gunnison's workforce, and
provide stable and high-wage economic diversification beyond the coal and
hospitality industries that the local economy is currently reliant on.

     $500,000 ARC grant to Innovation Works, Inc. in Pittsburgh, PA for the
Revitalization of Southwestern Pennsylvania Coal-Impacted Communities through
Innovation and Entrepreneurship project. ARC funds will be used to implement
five different but complimentary programs designed to deliver a variety of
benefits to entrepreneurs and small businesses in a nine-county region in
southwestern Pennsylvania - including the provision of human resource services
to early-stage, high-growth companies, and training services for existing small
businesses. Programs will target entrepreneurs who were formerly employed in the
coal industry, coal-fired power plants, and suppliers to those industries. The
project will create 65 new jobs and 7 new businesses, leverage $1,100,000 in
additional investment, and retain 30 existing jobs.

     $499,480 ARC grant to RAIN Source Capital, Inc. for the Appalachia Angel
Investor Network project. ARC funds will enable the awardee to work with
existing and new angel investment funds to enhance the capability of
coal-impacted communities across 9 Appalachian states to make investments in
start-up, early stage, and growth companies. Specifically, the project will
create at least four new angel funds in target communities, and will provide
tools, training, and support services to existing angel funds and networks
already operating in Appalachia. The project will result in the creation of 20
new businesses and 100 new jobs, and will leverage $4,000,000 in private
investment from 100 investors.

     $400,000 ARC grant to Erwin Utilities in Erwin, TN for the Temple Hill &
Bumpus Cove Broadband project. ARC funds will be used to install 35 miles of
fiber optic cable on existing pole lines - allowing business and residential
subscribers in Temple Hill and Bumpus Cove access to broadband services. The
area does not currently have cable broadband available and DSL service is not
offered ubiquitously.  Tourism expansion is a major economic driver in the area
and increased bandwidth will help expand the tourism industry and revenue base.
The project will serve 680 households and 30 businesses, and will act as an
economic driver in a three county area in northeast Tennessee, which has been
adversely affected by the closure of a major rail yard as a result of the
decline in coal shipments.

     $362,989 ARC grant to the Center for Rural Health Development, Inc. in
Hurricane, WV for the WV Rural Health Infrastructure Loan Fund project. ARC
funds will assist in capitalizing a revolving loan fund designed to strengthen
the health care industry in a 25-county region in central West Virginia. In
addition, the award will provide technical and business development assistance
to existing health care providers with business-related needs. The project will
create or retain 65 jobs, yield $1,000,000 of financing for health care
businesses, and provide 216 organizations with technical assistance.

     $353,086 ARC grant to the Town of Unicoi, TN for the Mountain Harvest
Kitchen Incubator & Entrepreneurial Training Program. ARC funds will purchase
equipment for a shared-use, commercial kitchen where value-added processing of
locally-harvested products will take place. Entrepreneurial training will be
offered by partner organizations including AccelNow, the Appalachian Resource
Conservation and Development Council, and the University of Tennessee
Agricultural Extension for start-ups and established businesses in the
agricultural sector. The program will serve a nine-county region in northeast
Tennessee and northwest North Carolina, create 30 new businesses and 60 new
jobs, serve 91 trainees, and leverage $1,200,000 in private investment.

     $301,916 EDA grant to the Centralia College Robotics Workforce Training
project in Centralia, WA.  This award will help fund a workforce development
project in alignment with a strategic plan designed by the Lewis Economic
Development Council with support from an EDA POWER 2015 planning grant in
response to the retirement of a local coal power plant. The project will support
the acquisition of equipment for use in a workforce training program at
Centralia College, which will train the region's workforce to use the most
current robotics technology. Prospective employers and supporters of the program
include The Boeing Company and the Fluke Corporation.



 POWER Planning Grant and Technical Assistance Award Summaries:



     $960,000 EDA grant to the Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic
Development (DCED) in Harrisburg, PA, in support of the Repositioning
Pennsylvania's Strategic Assets project. In partnership with FirstEnergy,
Exelon, regional and economic development organizations, and potential buyers,
DCED will coordinate efforts to evaluate the potential of commercially
repurposing retired coal-fired power plant sites throughout the state. These
sites are often located on strategically valuable real estate located along
rivers and often near downtown areas. They have critical infrastructure already
in place and feature rail and road access, and water, sewer, and transmission
lines, and therefore hold the potential for commercial redevelopment and
subsequent economic diversification and job creation.

     $400,000 EDA grant to the National Association of Counties (NACo) and the
National Association of Development Organizations (NADO) in Washington, DC in
support of the Technical Assistance for Coal Communities project targeting
Colorado, Wyoming, Montana, and Utah. The project will provide technical
assistance to communities whose economies have been severely impacted by the
declining use of coal, and will build on the success of the Innovation Challenge
for Coal-Reliant Communities, a program that the co-awardees jointly implemented
from 2014 to 2016 with the support of the EDA. Community leaders will
participate in intensive training workshops, and receive peer networking
opportunities and mentoring resources related to economic diversification, job
creation and long-term, place-based economic development strategies.

     $375,000 EDA grant to Citizens Energy Group, in Indianapolis, IN, in
partnership with the City of Indianapolis, the Central Indiana Community
Foundation and local community development corporations.  The award will fund
the development of a site assessment and reuse and implementation strategy for a
former coke coal manufacturing facility located in the Indianapolis Promise
Zone. The project will identify potential reuse strategies for the site,
including redevelopment for manufacturing companies that support economic
diversification and workforce development strategies to foster local and
regional economic resiliency.

     $300,000 EDA grant to the Coconino County Career Center in Flagstaff, AZ,
in support of the Northern Arizona Regional Resilience Initiative. The project
will develop a strategic plan designed to strengthen regional economic
resilience through reduced dependence on the coal industry and increased
economic diversification. Project activities will include the identification of
in-demand workforce development programs and training curriculum, examination of
re-employment opportunities for workers in coal-related industries,
identification of broadband opportunities, and development and promotion of
industry sector strategies.  Coconino County will leverage an additional
$100,000 in U.S. Department of Labor WIOA funds.

     $150,000 ARC grant to Reconnecting McDowell, Inc. in Charleston, WV to
develop an economic development and diversification strategy for the City of
Welch and McDowell County centered on the Renaissance Village Apartments, a
housing project that will develop rental housing in downtown Welch for teachers
and young professionals employed in the area. Renaissance Village will serve as
an anchor for redevelopment efforts in the downtown area and provide affordable
housing.  The planning project will assist with an entrepreneurship and small
business initiative, along with financial and operations modeling for
Renaissance Village.

     $140,000 ARC grant to the West Virginia Connecting Communities Inc. in
Charleston, WV in partnership with the New River Gorge Trail Association for the
development of an economic feasibility study for a regionally-connected bike
trail system in Fayette and Nicholas Counties. The focus of the study will be
the viability of linking over 500 miles of bike trails and the impact to small
communities throughout the region.

     $123,488 ARC grant to the Region 4 Planning and Development Council in
Summersville, WV to develop a strategic plan for the Upper Kanawha Valley. In
partnership with the Center for Rural Entrepreneurship, the plan will include
prioritizing economic strategies, building regional collaboration across
counties, and assisting communities to create greater economic diversification
that fosters sustainability.

     $119,460 ARC grant to Rural Action in The Plains, OH to develop a strategic
plan and feasibility study for the Appalachian Ohio Solar Supply-Chain
Initiative. This regional planning effort will focus on building a stakeholder
partnership that will develop a regional solar manufacturing supply-chain in
response to a major utility's plan to deploy new solar resources in Ohio.

     $105,000 ARC grant to Williamson Health and Wellness Center in Williamson,
WV to provide grant writing assistance, and develop a feasibility study, a
strategic plan, and preliminary architectural design work for a vacant building
in Williamson's downtown, a former "pill mill." If deemed viable, the building
will be rebuilt as a one-stop facility that would provide workforce training,
opioid addiction and substance abuse treatment services to assist individuals in
recovery to become employment ready. The service area will include counties in
both Kentucky and West Virginia.

     $93,495 ARC grant to the West Virginia Community Development Hub in
Fairmont, WV, which, in partnership with the International Economic Development
Council, will provide technical assistance to five coal-impacted counties
(Boone, Greenbrier, Lincoln, McDowell and Wyoming) through economic development
mentoring for local community teams. As a result of this investment, community
teams will develop local economic diversification strategies.

     $90,000 ARC grant to Randolph County Development Authority in Elkins, WV to
develop a strategic plan focused on the promotion and expansion of the hardwood
industry cluster. In partnership with the Hardwood Alliance Zone, the strategic
plan will assist in strengthening the economy of the nine-county region.  The
project will build on the recent EDA and ARC POWER grants that are enabling a
local wood products manufacturer to expand its operations.

     $80,142 EDA grant to the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania in
Philadelphia, PA, in support of a Plan to Sustain Small Businesses in the Coal
Economy.  Working with the Kleinman Center for Energy Policy, the Pennsylvania
Small Business Development Center will spearhead the development of a plan to
propose strategic responses that enable small businesses to successfully adapt
to the rapid transitions occurring in the power sector and in coal reliant
communities and supply chains. The plan will examine how technology
commercialization and entrepreneurial opportunities for displaced workers can
reinvigorate and diversify regional economies; it will also analyze
opportunities to create linkages with accelerator programs and rapid prototyping
centers, and to bolster industry sectors in manufacturing, electronics, energy
innovation and cyber security.

     $69,831 EDA grant to Ohio University in Athens, OH, to conduct a Skillshed
analysis that will identify and analyze the current skill sets of former coal
industry employees, the skills requirements across various emerging and existing
high-growth industries, and the gaps between these current skill sets and
existing industry demand within a 32-county area and in partnership with four
EDA Economic Development Districts.  The findings of the final report will be
used to inform the workforce development and economic resiliency strategies and
projects of economic development organizations across the region.

     $60,000 ARC grant to Webster County Economic Development Authority in
Webster Springs, WV to conduct a feasibility study for the development of a
multi-county All-Terrain Vehicle trail system in five counties. This grant will
assist in developing a major tourism asset for the region and create
opportunities for local small businesses.  The project will work in partnership
with the Hatfield McCoy Trail Authority.

     $50,000 EDA grant to the Huron County Economic Development Corporation
(EDC) in Bad Axe, MI, in partnership with the City of Harbor Beach, MI, in
response the closure of the DTE Energy-owned coal power plant, which resulted in
the loss of jobs and an important source of revenue for the local tax base. The
project will support a feasibility study focusing on the viability of creating a
local multipurpose space that could serve as an entrepreneurship and business
start-up hub. The hub would share resources with local, regional and state
organizations and entrepreneurs, while also serving the local needs of the
business community. DTE is providing a $50,000 cash match to support this
project.

     $50,000 EDA grant to the County of St. Clair in Port Huron, MI, which, in
partnership with the Economic Development Alliance of St. Clair County, will
conduct a comprehensive economic impact study of the planned retirement in 2023
of the DTE Energy-owned St. Clair Power Plant. The study will identify economic
activity related to the plant and the impacts of its future retirement, provide
scenario-based strategies for mitigating negative impacts of the plant's
closure, and recommend strategies for economic diversification and reinvestment.
DTE is providing a $50,000 cash match to support this project.

     $50,000 EDA grant to the Southeastern Montana Development Corporation in
Colstrip, MT. Colstrip Power Plant Units 1 and 2 will be retired by 2022.
Between this anticipated closure and the resulting layoffs at the nearby Rosebud
Mine, the total cumulative job losses are projected to have a significant impact
on the regional workforce. This EDA investment will support the development of
an economic development strategy that the City of Colstrip will use as its guide
to diversifying and stabilizing the economy of Colstrip and the surrounding area
that has historically depended on both coal mining and coal-fired power
generation.

     $14,214 ARC grant to the United Mine Workers Association Career Centers,
Inc. in Prosperity, PA to provide grant writing assistance to raise funds for
the development of a training program at their Greene County, PA training
facility. The program will emphasize high demand occupations such as commercial
driver's license, and heavy equipment and diesel mechanics.

     $11,108 ARC grant to Round the Mountain: Southwest Virginia's Artisan
Network in Abingdon, VA to provide grant writing assistance to raise funds for
the creation of a regional craft beverage cluster that will strengthen
Virginia's agriculture industry and tourism in the region. The project will
build off the extensive network cultivated by the Southwest Virginia Cultural
Heritage Foundation.



 POWER Special Research Award Summaries:



     $497,000 ARC grant to the Region 1 - Planning and Development Council in
Princeton, WV for the Coalfields Cluster Mapping Initiative research project.
ARC funds will be used to map the extent of the coal industry supply chain
across the tri-state region of Kentucky, Virginia, and West Virginia. The
resulting detailed information on the supply chain will complement ongoing work
undertaken by other ARC-funded projects, examining the extent of the decline in
the coal economy and providing business technical assistance to aid the impacted
supply chain firms in their return to growth and profitability.

     $349,999 ARC grant to West Virginia University Research Corporation in
Morgantown, WV for the Economic Analysis of Coal Industry Ecosystem in
Appalachia project. This study will examine the full ecosystem of the coal
industry in Appalachia through in-depth quantitative analysis. Specifically,
this research will identify, quantify, and map data on all relevant coal
industry activity throughout the Appalachian Region. The three tasks of this
research project are to: 1) identify all components of the coal ecosystem and
estimate the supply chain impacts in Appalachia; 2) examine the implications of
the coal industry downturn on freight rail, barge, and truck transportation in
Appalachia; and 3) develop a typology of regional economies that surround the
coal-fired plants in the Region using both econometric and input-output
techniques.

     $149,998 ARC grant to Downstream Strategies in Morgantown, WV for the
Strengthening Economic Resilience in Appalachian Communities project. This
research will explore and document strategies and policies local leaders can use
to enhance the future economic prospects of coal-impacted communities throughout
the Appalachian Region. There are four key components to this research project:
1) develop a comprehensive, quantitative framework to explore economic
resilience; 2) identify a series of best-practice strategies for strengthening
local economic resilience; 3) conduct up to 10 in-depth case studies; and 4)
produce a concise guidebook that interprets and integrates findings of the
research, written specifically for local economic development practitioners.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              879 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

New York: Governor Cuomo Announces $28 Million for Flood Protection at LaGuardia
Airport

LENGTH: 1202  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of The Governor, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced that the Federal Emergency Management
Agency has approved more than $28 million in competitive Hazard Mitigation Grant
Program funds to help LaGuardia Airport meet post-Superstorm Sandy flood
mitigation and resiliency initiatives and further safeguard the airport from
future major storms.

"Hurricane Sandy caused significant damage to LaGuardia Airport, but today we
are taking an important step toward strengthening its infrastructure so that it
is more resilient than ever before," Governor Cuomo said. "To face the new
pattern of extreme weather, we must ensure that vital transportation hubs and
economic engines like LaGuardia Airport are ready for the next major storm. This
is another example of how the State and our federal partners are building a
safer and stronger New York."

LaGuardia Airport's airfield suffered severe flooding from the rising waters of
adjacent Flushing Bay as Superstorm Sandy struck the region. Damage to key
electrical airfield infrastructure forced the airport to close for three days,
which inconvenienced thousands of fliers and cost the region millions in lost
economic activity.

Various initiatives to protect the airfield runways, electrical systems and
vital aeronautical equipment already have been implemented since the October
2012 storm. The new FEMA grant of $28,148,625 is an addition to FEMA's previous
award of $2,325,000 in grants for the program's first phase, bringing the total
federal outlay for the program to nearly $30.5 million.

Port Authority Director Pat Foye said, "We must do everything we can to ensure
that LaGuardia is able to withstand extreme weather and resume flight operations
as quickly as possible," said Port Authority Executive Director Pat Foye. "We
thank the Governor for his leadership in helping secure more than $30 million in
federal funding to construct new floodwalls, drainage systems and improve
electrical systems that will help keep LaGuardia open for business."

Senator Charles E. Schumer said, "As a major New York City airport, it's
absolutely necessary that LaGuardia is equipped with the mitigation and
resiliency measures needed to protect the airfield in the event of a future
storm. I am pleased that over $30 million in federal hazard mitigation funding
will help construct a floodwall, develop gravity drainage systems, upgrade the
airport's backup electrical substations, and improve and install backup
generators throughout the airport. Investing in flood prevention measures at
LaGuardia Airport is the smart thing to do so that Tri-state area flights are
not halted for days in the aftermath of the next super storm."

Senator Kirsten E. Gillibrand said, "La Guardia Airport is a critical hub for
New Yorkers and our tourism economy, and this investment will help ensure that
it can withstand the next storm," said Senator Gillibrand. "As New York
continues to rebuild from Superstorm Sandy, I will make sure that FEMA and our
federal agencies are responsive and provide the resources our communities need."

Congresswoman Nita M. Lowey said, "LaGuardia and other important transportation
infrastructure must be able to weather future storms. This FEMA money will
reduce the burden on New York taxpayers who bounced back incredibly following
Sandy's devastation. As Ranking Member of the House Appropriations Committee, I
am proud to have led the fight to secure federal Sandy recovery aid, and I will
continue to work with the Governor to ensure New York's recovery and resiliency
needs are met."

Congresswoman Carolyn B. Maloney said, "Sandy showed us that we have a long way
to go in shoring up our infrastructure so that it can withstand any disaster
Mother Nature has in store. These upgrades to LaGuardia take us a big step
forward, so that next time we'll be better prepared."

Congressman Joe Crowley said, "While we continue to help communities across New
York recover from the devastating impact of Hurricane Sandy, it is equally as
important to make much-needed investments in our infrastructure to ensure our
city is prepared to face the challenges of any future storms. There is no
question that one of those investments must include LaGuardia Airport, which
serves tens of thousands of passengers a day and contributes greatly to our
local economy. I thank the Governor for his help in securing this much-needed
funding that will help ensure that LaGuardia not only survives a future storm,
but can continue to thrive in its wake."

Congresswoman Grace Meng said, "These critical funds are a huge boost to
ensuring that LaGuardia is prepared for future storms and extreme weather
conditions. I thank Governor Cuomo and FEMA for all their work, and I'm pleased
to help announce these vital initiatives."

The projects, which have been approved by the Port Authority of New York and New
Jersey's Board of Commissioners are:

Construction of a floodwall and rainwater pumping system at the airport's west
end electrical substation and lighting vault.
    Development of two gravity drainage systems on the airfield to improve
removal of water in case of flooding.
    Upgrades to bring the airport's backup electrical substations into the
primary power system. This work is designed to improve staff's efforts to
monitor issues and enhance response to interruptions or other usage problems.
    Improvements to existing emergency generators and installation of new
back-up generators throughout the airport to provide backup power in case of
electrical system problems.


These projects are consistent with the recommendations highlighted in the NYS
2100 Commission Report convened by Governor Cuomo. The 2100 report specifically
highlighted protection of critical airport infrastructure through flood control
and electrical power system resiliency measures.

LaGuardia Airport is vital to the New York region, employing 10,000 people and
contributing more than $13 billion in total economic activity to the region.
Superstorm Sandy severely impacted LaGuardia, dumping more than 100 million
gallons of water from Flushing Bay onto the airfield and closing the airport to
flight operations for three days. An estimated 250,000 passengers were unable to
take scheduled flights during the storm and its immediate aftermath.

In addition to the FEMA grants that cover up to 75 percent of planning,
engineering and construction costs, the remaining expenses are expected to be
reimbursed through allowable flight fee payments at LaGuardia. FEMA's
reimbursements of $30.5 million are based on $40.6 million in eligible costs for
the Port Authority. Federal reimbursements are not applicable to an additional
nearly $5 million the Port Authority has set aside for project contingency and
other agency soft costs.

Construction contracts for these projects will be procured via publicly
advertised/low bid processes.

Project work is expected to continue through the end of 2016, with a total
economic impact estimated at 220 job-years, $13.1 million in wages and $66
million in economic activity.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   24*7 News

                            December 29, 2014 Monday

Bahrain unveils Entrepreneurship Award 2015

LENGTH: 1013 words

DATELINE: MANAMA


ANAMA, Dec. 29 -- In line with the targets set in the Vision 2030, the Kingdom
of Bahrain on Monday announced a major initiative to encourage the
entrepreneurship by launching an award recognizing the most outstanding
businesses in various categories.

Under the patronage of His Royal Highness Prince Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa,
the Crown Prince, First Deputy Prime Minister and Chairman of Bahrain Economic
Development Board, the nomination process was announced during a Press
conference addressed by the key stakeholders.

The Bahrain Award for Entrepreneurship, the largest entrepreneurship award in
the Kingdom, being held under the patronage of His Royal Highness Prince Salman
bin Hamad Al Khalifa, the Crown Prince, First Deputy Prime Minister and Chairman
of Bahrain Economic Development Board is officially open for nominations and
applications.

Coinciding with the Bahrain Noor El Ain Festival, the Award is designed to
support Bahraini businesses and recognise the efforts and contributions of
businesses and entrepreneurs to Bahrain's economy.

With voting remaining open until January 25 2015, businesses will have the
opportunity to both apply as entrepreneurs or nominate entrepreneurs of
distinction for the five award categories: Micro-Enterprise of the Year (micro
enterprises and productive families), Startup of the Year (companies established
for less than 36 months), Entrepreneur of the Year (SMEs), Entrepreneur of the
Year (Large Companies), and Sustainable Business Award.

In addition to these categories, there will be a People's Choice Award that will
follow a different mechanism that takes the public vote into consideration. This
comes alongside the Lifetime Achievement Award, which is aimed at long-standing
entrepreneurial pioneers.

While businesses will initiate the nominations made on behalf of a third-party
or through direct application, a panel of judges will evaluate applicants based
on their enterprise growth, economic impact, optimisation of talent and
diversity, leadership and innovation, business responsibility and
entrepreneurial spirit.

The diverse panel of well-respected judges will comprise of high-profile
Bahraini figures and some of the region's most well-known entrepreneurs and
business figures.

"As part of His Royal Highness Prince Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa, the Crown
Prince, First Deputy Prime Minister and Chairman of Bahrain Economic Development
Board vision to ensure the continued development and growth of the Kingdom, the
Bahrain Award for Entrepreneurship forms the perfect opportunity to recognise
key achievements and efforts made by Bahrain's passionate entrepreneurs that
have helped in further expanding Bahrain's economy and infrastructure," Tamkeen
Chairman and Acting Chief Executive Shaikh Mohammed Bin Essa Al Khalifa said.

The Bahrain Award for Entrepreneurship is done in partnership comprising
Tamkeen, the Bahrain Economic Development Board (EDB), the Bahrain Development
Bank; and Knowledge Advisors BCCI, EY Bahrain and the Arab International Center
for Entrepreneurship and Investment Training, United Nations Industrial
Development Organisation (UNIDO) Investment and Technology Promotion Office in
Bahrain.

"Bahrain has long been a country that has valued entrepreneurship and innovative
thinking, which we believe is a great tool towards promoting further
diversification of our economy as well as improving the overall standard of
living and the generation of quality jobs and investment in the Kingdom. These
awards will help us identify and acknowledge a generation of innovators, who
will grow to be leaders in their fields, and will help place Bahrain on the
regional and global map of innovation," Kamal bin Ahmed, Minister of
Transportation and Telecommunications and Acting Chief Executive of the EDB,
said.

"The Bahrain Award for Entrepreneurship is the first collaborative initiative of
its kind in Bahrain, and is absolutely key in supporting our continued efforts
to grow small and medium businesses in the Kingdom," Shaikh Hesham bin Mohamed
Al Khalifa, Deputy General Manager - Development Services, BDB commended the
initiative, said.

"The BCCI is proud to be supporting this unique initiative. We believe that this
award will contribute in motivating and creating more business innovation, and
will also show that the Kingdom's appreciation of Bahrain's business community,"
Nabeel Al Mahmood, BCCI Chief Executive, said. He also praised the recognition
the award grants to entrepreneurs.

"UNIDO is proud to join as a partner of the Bahrain Award for Entrepreneurship,
as the award's objectives align well with UNIDO's goals to grow investments,
income diversification and in creating youth employment opportunities," Dr.
Hashem Hussein from the United Nations Industrial Development Organisation
(UNIDO), said.

"Entrepreneurs provide one of the main engines of growth in any healthy economy.
They act as vital agents of change by developing new products and services,
implementing more efficient production methods, and creating new business models
and industries. They generate jobs, support local communities and build
prosperous societies," Knowledge Advisor and Office Managing Partner of EY
Bahrain Essa Al Jowder, said, while commenting on the importance of award.

Information on the Bahrain Award for Entrepreneurship, including the eligibility
criteria, evaluation criteria, and application forms is available on the Bahrain
Award for Entrepreneurship Website on www.BahrainAE.com or "the award section"
on the Bahrain Noor El Ain website www.bahrainnoorelain.com

For further information, or to find out how to participate in the Bahrain Award
for Entrepreneurship, interested entrepreneurs and businesses can visit
www.BahrainAE.com, follow Twitter, instagram and Facebook account on BahrainAE,
contact the award's hotline on 17000710 between 7.30am and 11pm or email
info@BahrainAE.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from 24*7 News. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                   Copyright 2014 www.twentyfoursevennews.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                               May 8, 2011 Sunday
                                 Drive Edition

OKC, Tulsa can compete in college completion contest

BYLINE: PAULA BURKES, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 618 words


Forget about earning $5 for a straight-A's report card.

Oklahoma City and Tulsa have a shot at winning $1 million if either over three
years has the greatest increase nationwide in post-secondary degrees granted per
capita.

It's part of a Talent Dividend Prize Competition that launches Tuesday in
Chicago, where representatives from more than 50 vying cities will gather for a
kickoff conference hosted by CEOs for Cities national network of urban leaders.

Fifty-eight percent of any city's success, as measured by per capita income, can
be attributed to the percentage of its adult population with college degrees,
said Bridget Marquis, program director. "It is the single most important thing
in turning around a city and ultimately boosting the economy," she said.

According to research conducted by CEOs for Cities, increasing the college
attainment rate in each of the 51 largest metropolitan areas by one percentage
point would translate to an increase in aggregate personal income of $124
billion per year for the nation, Marquis said.

Based on data from the 2008 American Community Survey, Oklahoma City's four-year
college attainment rate is 26.4 percent of its adult population and Tulsa's is
25.1 percent. Washington leads the country at 49.1 percent, and the nationwide
median is 29.4 percent.

But for the competition, a city's starting point doesn't matter, Marquis said.
CEOs for Cities will conduct baseline measurements in August and again in
September 2014, counting not only four-year degrees, but also associate and
advanced ones, she said.

The city which raises its collective college attainment rate the highest per
capita, she said, will receive $1 million for use in economic development
advertising campaigns. The Kresge Foundation and Lumina Foundation for Education
will fund the prize.

If there's a tie, winners will split the $1 million or Cities for CEOs will find
a match from another funding support, Marquis said.

The Oklahoma City Community Foundation and the Tulsa Metro Chamber have accepted
the challenge.

"We're excited about getting the conversation going about the importance of
education in the workforce and to learn what other communities and cities are
doing," said Cathy Nestlen, director of communications for the Oklahoma City
Foundation, which manages the state's largest independent scholarship program.

"Increasing our talent base would help attract businesses who may be considering
relocating here," Nestlen said, "while any education beyond high school gives a
greater understanding, bigger picture view, of the importance of engagement in
the community."

Denise Reid, director of talent strategies and recruitment for The Tulsa Metro
Chamber, said the chamber already is doing some work on furthering college
attainment - from encouraging eighth-graders to take more rigorous college
preparation courses and programs that foster on-time high school graduation to
initiatives that urge young professionals to complete degrees they started but
didn't finish. In Tulsa, there are 180,000 adults with some college, but no two-
or four-year degrees, Reid said.

"It's early for us to say how we'll move up the needle," Reid said. "But the
economic impact is something we can get people rallied around."

Just one percentage point increase in the Tulsa area would mean an increase in
aggregate personal income of $646 million annually, Reid said.

Other initiatives are planned

At the conference, participants will learn about other initiatives including
accelerated college degree programs and dual high school and college enrollment
programs. The National Talent Dividend Network is hosted in partnership with
FutureWorks and with the support of the Ford Foundation.


LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: (graduates)
Photo 2: Denise Reid
Photo 3: Cathy Nestlen

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Bath Chronicle

                                January 23, 2014
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Shooting for a star role in film initiative;
Tale of two cities combining culture

BYLINE: Liza-Jane Gillespie

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 685 words


It has been the backdrop to 135 films and TV programmes over the past 80 years.
But civic leaders in Bath are determined to keep the cameras rolling amid hopes
of luring a long-running drama series. Bath and North East Somerset Council has
launched a new initiative aimed at developing the city's reputation as a
film-friendly Mecca for producers and directors.

Since 1931 the city and surrounding towns and villages have proved the perfect
setting for BBC dramas, foreign films and Hollywood blockbusters.

In 2012 Pulteney Bridge and Weir were transformed into 19th century France to
provide the backdrop for a dramatic scene in the epic Les Miserables Film
commissioner at Bath Film Office, Jenni Wagstaffe, said the new partnership was
about raising the profile of Bath and enabling more businesses in the city to
benefit from filming. "Film makers have very specific needs over and above the
common tourist - they eat late and have lots of equipment.

"We have a lovely city and it is used, but we are still missing a long-running
drama - we don't have a Morse or a Casualty and that's the bread and butter we
need."

Ms Wagstaffe said the partnership would target tourist attractions, hotels,
restaurants and schools. The launch coincided with an exclusive screening of
Unknown Heart - the latest in a series of films based on the novels of
best-selling author Rosamunde Pilcher, directed by Giles Foster, who was
educated at Monkton Combe School. Council cabinet member for sustainable
development, Councillor Ben Stevens, said: "The filming of TV dramas contributes
considerable investment into the local economy, so Bath and North East Somerset
Council is very happy to welcome Giles and his team back to Bath for the third
time."

Scenes for Unknown Heart were filmed along the River Avon at Saltford. Mr
Foster, who said filming in London was difficult, said: "Here everything is near
and we have established a great relationship with the council's film office. Add
to that the wealth of good hotels and restaurants and it is easy to see why
international casts enjoy coming to Bath to work."

He added: "This partnership will I think reinforce the strong connection between
the council and businesses. It's such a film-friendly city. I haven't filmed in
London for 15 years but I have been to Bath four or five times in that period."

Chairman of the Federation of Bath Residents' Associations, Henry Brown, said in
his opinion encouraging filming in Bath was good for the city's economy.

Bath has won a share of £350,000 to be spent on developing cultural tourism in
the West.

The city is to receive the cash from Arts Council England and VisitEngland and
share it with neighbouring Bristol.

The grant will help to fund a three-year project aimed at bringing together the
tourism industry and the arts and cultural attractions in both cities. It is
hoped a co-ordinated approach by Bath and Bristol will help put the region on
the map for cultural tourists, who do not necessarily appreciate how close the
two cities are.

Bath Festivals, the Holburne Museum, the American Museum in Britain, the Bath
Preservation Trust, the Cultural Forum for the Bath Area and Bath Tourism Plus
are taking part in the initiative.

Chief executive of Bath Tourism Plus Nick Brooks-Sykes, said: " This project
will lever greater economic impact from existing visitors to Bath and Bristol,
encouraging them to stay longer and, alongside this, will present the critical
mass of the two destinations to potential new cultural markets."

The funding comes as Bath Tourism Plus announced a new marketing campaign to
raise Bath's profile as the ultimate 'detox' location. The campaign, which
involves ten of Bath's top hotels, is targeting couples and women and is built
around an exclusive spa break package that can only be booked on the
www.visitbath.co.uk website. The package includes one night's accommodation in
one of Bath's three, four or five star hotels alongside a relaxing four-hour
session at Thermae Bath Spa.

The campaign has taken £20,000 worth of bookings in its first two weeks and ends
on February 13.

¦ Tourism boost - page 33

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Filming of The Adventurer: The Curse of the Midas Box
From top, Michael Caine in the Royal Crescent in 1966 for The Wrong Box, filming
Inspector Morse in 1997, a scene from Abdul Kader the Foreigner at North Parade
Buildings
From top, The Adventurer: The Curse of the Midas Box shooting in Bath Street,
filming EastEnders in Keynsham and Pulteney Weir became 19th century France for
Les Miserables

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TBC


                    Copyright 2014 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Torquay Herald Express

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

Major funding award for Torbay Culture Board

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 2-3

LENGTH: 454  words


TORBAY Culture Board has secured £245,000 of funding from Arts Council England
to deliver the next phase of Torbay's ten year cultural strategy.

The award will be used to develop cultural projects, audiences and engagement in
Torbay over a three year period, including a ground-breaking new 'arts and
culture on referral' initiative in partnership with Torbay's health sector.

Councillor Nicole Amil, executive lead for Tourism, Culture and Harbours, said:
"The approval of this grant is recognition of the hard work that the many
delivery partners, including Torbay Council, have put in to develop and
implement the cultural strategy. We're excited to use this funding to enable us
to continue these partnerships, deliver effective change and provide a
significant uplift in Torbay's cultural profile and participation in the
existing offer."

Torbay's ten year cultural strategy lays out a vision for Torbay's development
as a distinctive cultural centre. Its main aims are to enable arts and culture
to flourish; to get more people engaged in arts and culture and to increase the
social and economic impact of culture. The strategy's objectives are being
increasingly woven into Torbay's strategic thinking, with significant cultural
elements newly embedded in Torbay's Tourism Strategy and Strategy for Health,
for example.

Phil Gibby, area director, South West, Arts Council England, said: "We are
delighted to be supporting the delivery of Torbay's Cultural Strategy with this
further investment of £245,000. Placing arts and culture at the heart of growth
plans brings huge benefits to the community, creating a stronger local economy
and making Torbay a healthier, happier place to live. This type of investment by
Arts Council England shows our commitment to working in partnership with local
authorities and local partnerships to support this growth in innovative and
exciting ways."

Kate Farmery, executive director of the Culture Board, added: "We are thrilled
to receive this further award from Arts Council England, to enable great art to
address Torbay's critical social and economic needs. We have already created an
infrastructure in which arts and culture can thrive and tested different
approaches to cultural delivery. Now we can connect with even more people and
have a greater impact."

Paul Woolnough, chairman of the Culture Board, said: "There are some great
cultural highlights already in the Torbay calendar, from a revitalised
International Agatha Christie festival to next year's The Tale festival in
venues right across the Bay. This award will allow us to raise our artistic
ambitions still further, connecting with local audiences and putting Torbay on
the map as a popular cultural destination."

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              July 12, 2015 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

Today's news;
Today's news

BYLINE: Mark Woolsey, Molly Bloom, Carolyn Cunningham; Staff, for the AJC

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 498 words


STATEWIDE

Senator picked to head gambling, HOPE study

State Sen, Brandon Beach, R-Alpharetta, has been tapped to head the Senate's
study committee on preservation of the HOPE scholarship program.

The committee was created during the 2015 legislative session, in response to a
Senate resolution seeking to use casino and pari-mutuel gambling tax revenue as
a way to supplement revenue for the scholarships and for Georgia pre-k programs.
The committee will also look at social and economic impacts of those possible
new-to-Georgia forms of gambling and will report findings by Dec. 1.

Beach was picked to head the seven-member group by Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle.

MARK WOOLSEY FOR THE AJC

ATLANTA

APS to teach students to be better people

Atlanta Public Schools will spend more than $1 million over the next year
specifically to teach students how to become self-aware, responsible, caring
adults.

Developing students' "social-emotional learning skills" will help improve their
academic performance and behavior and have other benefits, Superintendent Meria
Carstarphen said.

Atlanta teachers and other employees will get training this summer on the new
initiative.

In the fall, APS will name the first schools to participate in the effort. MOLLY
BLOOM

COBB

Marietta buys fourth apartment complex

The Marietta City Council agreed Wednesday to buy the fourth apartment complex
in the Franklin Road area.

The council offered to buy Marquis Place Apartments, 1019 Franklin Road from
Marquis Place Holding for $17.3 million.

With this purchase, the city will own around 90 adjacent acres to market to
businesses, city communications manager Lindsey Wiles told The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution.

She said apartment residents will be assisted by the Marietta Housing Authority
in finding new residences, but they will not be given money.

While they cannot renew their leases, these apartment residents can stay until
their leases have expired, Wiles said.

So far, Preston Chase Apartments at 1034 Franklin Road was torn down in 2010.

Wiles said Woodlands Park Apartments at 861 Franklin Road is in the process of
being torn down while Flagstone Village Apartment residents at 849 Franklin Road
are awaiting the expiration of their leases.

CAROLYN CUNNINGHAM FOR THE AJC

Kennesaw approves resurfacing streets

The Kennesaw City Council voted 5-0 Monday to resurface the City Hall parking
lot and several streets for $237,198.

Bartow Paving Co. was the low bidder.

Streets to be resurfaced:

* Lindley Lane from Winsburg Drive to the cul-de-sac

* Saint Charles Lane from Jiles Road to cul- de-sac

* McEverwood Trail from McEverwood Drive to Forest Grove Pass

* McEverwood Drive from McEverwood Road to McEverwood Trace

* Northgate Court from Northgate Way to the cul-de-sac

* High Gate Court from Northgate Way to the cul-de-sac

* Winthrop Downs from Kentmere Main to the cul-de-sac

* Kennesaw Trace Court from McCollum Parkway to the cul-de-sac and

* Westover Way from Kennesaw Due West Road to Westover Lane.

CAROLYN CUNNINGHAM FOR THE AJC

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2015 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              885 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

Wittenberg awarded $375K tourism grant for athletics complex

BYLINE: Katie Wedell, Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 646 words


March 16--The Clark County Convention Facilities Authority has awarded
Wittenberg University a $375,000 grant to support the school's $40 million
athletic complex upgrades.

The authority's mission is to support local facilities that contribute to the
county's tourism economy. When leaders pitched the project to the CFA board in
August, Wittenberg said the enhancements will increase student recruitment and
retention as well as allow the university to host more large athletic events and
tournaments.

The university plans to break ground on the project in March 2017.

Applications hit a record this year, the university said, with more than 6,700
received as of March 8, compared to about 6,200 last year.

"It's money well spent," said Clark County Commissioner John Detrick, a graduate
of Wittenberg University class of 1964.

Wittenberg ranks second in terms of venues that bring people for overnight stays
in Clark County, he said, behind the fairgrounds.

"We see this as an opportunity to help grow and be an additional economic driver
for tourism in Clark County," said Wendy Kobler, Wittenberg's vice president for
advancement.

The university asked the facilities authority for a $750,000 grant -- $250,000
annually for the next three years. But the board expressed concern that that
amount was nearly their entire budget for projects for a year.

The CFA awarded $396,000 in grants to local tourism projects in 2014. The money
comes from bed taxes at Clark County hotels.

The upgraded athletic facilities will allow Wittenberg to attract regional and
national tournaments for Amateur Athletic Union and club sports, plus NCAC and
NCAA championship events, Kobler said.

Wittenberg has already raised about $25 million in private donations and tax
credits toward the renovation and building project.

It was originally projected to cost about $30 million, but is now expected come
in at about $40.5 million, Kobler said.

That's due to increases in construction costs since the initial plan was laid
out and inclusion of a couple years worth of maintenance and upkeep costs while
the university establishes a permanent $2 million endowment to run the
facilities.

In addition to renovation of the 1929 field house and the 1982 Health, Physical
Education and Recreation Center, the university's plan includes the construction
of a new 125,000-square-foot indoor athletic facility attached to the north end
of the HPER Center.

The restored and expanded facility is slated to include:

An indoor 100-yard artificial turf surface to accommodate football, soccer,
lacrosse, field hockey, baseball and softball.

A six-lane, 300-meter indoor track.

A new 7,000-square foot weight room.

A sport performance, strength training and wellness center.

Technology-enabled classroom space.

Updated locker rooms.

Multi-purpose recreational rooms for group fitness classes and special-event
space.

Spacious alumni/recruiting lounge.

Modernized court surfaces for tennis, volleyball and basketball.

Wittenberg has about 1,850 students and 475 employees. It currently brings about
4,100 overnight stays to Springfield each year with an estimated economic impact
of $70 million annually.

"With this financial support, we are one step closer to embarking on the next
step of this exciting capital initiative," Kobler said. "Both the new facility
and academic programs will help with recruitment of new students and retention
of existing students in an overly competitive marketplace that faces fewer
graduating high school seniors and continued price pressures."

Continuing coverage

The Springfield News-Sun has reported on Wittenberg's $40 million fundraising
efforts to renovate its athletic facilities for months, including stories on
previous donations and awards of tax credits.

___ (c)2016 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio Visit Springfield News-Sun, Ohio at
www.springfieldnewssun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160316-1SP-Wittenberg-awarded-375K-tourism-grant
-for-athletics-complex-0316-20160316

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SP


                   Copyright 2016 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio


                              886 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Camp Verde Journal (Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 14, 2015

Two local art groups to make fast pitch

BYLINE: The Camp Verde Journal staff

LENGTH: 505  words


Arizona Art Tank, a funding initiative launched last year by the Arizona
Commission on the Arts to make strategic investments in Arizona's most promising
and daring arts ventures, is coming to the Coconino Center for the Arts in
Flagstaff on Thursday, Jan. 15.

At this regional, public event, artists and arts organizations from throughout
Northern Arizona will be given six minutes each to pitch an arts-based venture
to a live audience and a panel composed of state legislators, local business and
arts leaders and artists.

At the end of the evening the panel will award seed funding grants to the three
top-scoring applicants in the amounts of $5,000, $8,000 and $10,000.

Presenting organizations and artists are Sedona Arts Center, AZ Culture and town
of Clarkdale; Milagro Arts Center of Prescott; Canyon Movement Company of
Flagstaff; Prescott College Art Gallery at Sam Hill Warehouse of Prescott; and
comMUSIKey of Prescott.

"At the Arizona Commission on the Arts, we believe artists are entrepreneurs and
arts organizations are small businesses -- both of which are central to the
success of the American economy," said Robert Booker, executive director of the
Arizona Commission on the Arts. "The arts promote innovation and collaboration,
and positively impact local economies, student learning and cultural
understanding."

Drawing inspiration from the world of entrepreneurial startups and venture
capital, the "fast-pitch" event represents a departure from the state agency's
standard method for awarding grants to artists and arts organizations.

In a traditional grant process, applicants are represented only by their written
applications and relevant work samples. Though review panel meetings are often
open to the public, they are generally formal, daytime affairs that attract
little audience.

Arizona Art Tank allows artists and arts organizations an opportunity to pitch
their proposals directly to the review panel and invites the public to witness
and actively participate in the process. At each event, the audience will award,
by popular vote, a separate $1,000 grant, provided by Arizona Art Tank sponsor
APS, to their favorite venture.

Arizona Art Tank is free and open to the public. The Coconino Center for the
Arts is located at 2300 N. Fort Valley Road in Flagstaff. Doors will open at
6:30 p.m. The event will begin at 7 p.m.

More information is available by visiting the Azarts website, emailing
info@azarts.gov or calling the Arizona Commission on the Arts at (602) 771-6536.

One of 56 state and jurisdictional arts agencies across the United States, the
Arizona Commission on the Arts is an agency of the state that supports a
statewide arts network. The Arizona Commission on the Arts supports access to
quality arts and arts education opportunities for all Arizona citizens; the
development and retention of statewide jobs in the nonprofit arts, culture and
education sectors; and increased economic impact in local communities through
arts-based partnerships that develop tax and small business revenue.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPV

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 The Camp Verde Journal


                              887 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       Cottonwood Journal Extra (Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 14, 2015

Two local art groups to make fast Ditch

BYLINE: Cottonwood Journal Extra staff

LENGTH: 505  words


Arizona Art Tank, a funding initiative launched last year by the Arizona
Commission on the Arts to make strategic investments in Arizona's most promising
and daring arts ventures, is coming to the Coconino Center for the Arts in
Flagstaff on Thursday, Jan. 15.

At this regional, public event, artists and arts organizations from throughout
Northern Arizona will be given six minutes each to pitch an arts-based venture
to a live audience and a panel composed of state legislators, local business and
arts leaders and artists.

At the end of the evening the panel will award seed funding grants to the three
top-scoring applicants in the amounts of $5,000, $8,000 and $10,000.

Presenting organizations and artists are Sedona Arts Center, AZ Culture and town
of Clarkdale; Milagro Arts Center of Prescott; Canyon Movement Company of
Flagstaff; Prescott College Art Gallery at Sam Hill Warehouse of Prescott; and
comMUSIKey of Prescott.

"At the Arizona Commission on the Arts, we believe artists are entrepreneurs and
arts organizations are small businesses -- both of which are central to the
success of the American economy," said Robert Booker, executive director of the
Arizona Commission on the Arts. "The arts promote innovation and collaboration,
and positively impact local economies, student learning and cultural
understanding."

Drawing inspiration from the world of entrepreneurial startups and venture
capital, the "fast-pitch" event represents a departure from the state agency's
standard method for awarding grants to artists and arts organizations.

In a traditional grant process, applicants are represented only by their written
applications and relevant work samples. Though review panel meetings are often
open to the public, they are generally formal, daytime affairs that attract
little audience.

Arizona Art Tank allows artists and arts organizations an opportunity to pitch
their proposals directly to the review panel and invites the public to witness
and actively participate in the process. At each event, the audience will award,
by popular vote, a separate $1,000 grant, provided by Arizona Art Tank sponsor
APS, to their favorite venture.

Arizona Art Tank is free and open to the public. The Coconino Center for the
Arts is located at 2300 N. Fort Valley Road in Flagstaff. Doors will open at
6:30 p.m. The event will begin at 7 p.m.

More information is available by visiting the Azarts website, emailing
info@azarts.gov or calling the Arizona Commission on the Arts at (602) 771-6536.

One of 56 state and jurisdictional arts agencies across the United States, the
Arizona Commission on the Arts is an agency of the state that supports a
statewide arts network. The Arizona Commission on the Arts supports access to
quality arts and arts education opportunities for all Arizona citizens; the
development and retention of statewide jobs in the nonprofit arts, culture and
education sectors; and increased economic impact in local communities through
arts-based partnerships that develop tax and small business revenue.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJX

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2015 Cottonwood Journal Extra


                              888 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            October 19, 2003 Sunday

Housing funds aid "real people'

BYLINE: COLLEEN JENKINS

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1130 words

DATELINE: INVERNESS


For six decades, home to Pedro and Juanita Acosta was the "concrete and bricks"
of apartment life in New York City suburbs. Natives of Puerto Rico and children
of Brooklyn, they worked blue-collar jobs their entire adult lives to pay the
rent and raise three children.

Owning a home, that mark of American accomplishment, never crossed their minds.

They retired and moved to Citrus County two years ago. Again, they rented. The
cozy, three-bedroom home, with its shaded backyard, offered them the perfect
retreat from city life.

Then their landlord decided to sell the house. The Acostas assumed they would
have to move. They couldn't afford the repairs needed on the 1970s block home,
much less a down payment to buy it.

But on May 5, a date that rolls off Pedro Acosta's tongue, they became
homeowners.

"Mission accomplished," he says with a smile.

The couple's miracle came in the form of a state housing program that helps
first-time home buyers with their purchase. But the program, called the State
Housing Initiatives Partnership, barely survived last spring's legislative
session intact.

The SHIP program got only $126-million of the $209-million expected based on its
funding mechanism, according to the Florida Housing Coalition. Now, local
housing officials already are mustering support to avoid similar cuts next year.

The goal, said Citrus County housing director Joe Monroe, is to protect
Florida's Housing Trust Funds as a dedicated revenue source for the local
housing programs it finances. A decade ago, the Legislature created the trust
funds using documentary stamps tax revenue collected from real estate
transactions. The idea was to put money earned from housing toward more housing.

Without the guaranteed funding stream, housing officials would be thrown into
the general mix for appropriations. That insecurity would jeopardize the
important work done every year for dozens of Citrus County residents, Monroe
said.

"You can't run a housing division with uncertainty about your biggest grant," he
said during an interview last week. "We're the only agency filling these needs
in the county."

A quick overview of the SHIP accomplishments proves it hasn't been for naught.
In Citrus alone, 510 individuals have become first-time home buyers since the
program's inception. More than 300 people have been aided with home repairs such
as those on wells and utilities, plus another 181 emergency repairs.

Even more impressive: Nine homes have been completely replaced for residents. A
total of 1,127 units have been helped, 790 in the past five years alone.

Howard Wilson, 71, was one of the luckiest benefactors. His 1930s wooden home in
Floral City was in such disrepair that local housing officials decided to tear
it down instead of trying to fix it.

It took seven years for the funds and details to fall into place, but the
retiree now lives in a new home painted bright yellow on the same spot his old
home stood.

He invited the housing staff over for a housewarming party about a month after
moving in.

"It's beautiful," he said.

Wilson was one of several recipients of SHIP dollars to be featured at a recent
awareness workshop held in Lecanto. Monroe and his staff wanted elected
officials and community leaders to see the faces of the people the program had
helped. He wanted them to understand its impact.

"These are real people in real need and the only way we can do more is through
SHIP funds," said Lynne Clarke, housing accountant for the county's Division of
Housing Services.

The housing advocates say their lobbying efforts aren't premature. Last month,
House Speaker Johnnie Byrd, R-Plant City, formed the House Select Committee on
Affordable Housing. The special committee is meeting this month to begin
reviewing the state's affordable housing programs, strategies and funding
mechanisms.

It will recommend action on these issues for the next legislative session. Last
year, only four Republican state representatives favored maintaining the housing
trust funds, Monroe said. The majority of senators voted to keep it.

Rep. Charles Dean, R-Inverness, wasn't one of them. When Jeff Porter, his
legislative aide, attended the recent housing workshop, he got an earful on
which way residents wanted their representative to lean next time.

On Friday, Porter said the House likely would not suggest eliminating the
housing trust funds on its own volition. However, the possibility of the
governor proposing to do away with the trust funds - as he did last year - could
result in the House following suit.

Dean plans to meet with builders and real estate agents from his district in
December to discuss their perspective on the issue, Porter said.

"He's interested in revisiting the issue to see that there are absolutely
economic impacts involved with removing the documentary stamps," he said.

Porter said the revised lobbying tactics employed by housing advocates could
help their cause. Instead of focusing solely on the needy residents helped by
SHIP money, housing officials are targeting the program's economic appeal.

Historically, housing programs have been designed to pump money back into the
economy, said Stan Fitterman, senior technical adviser for the Florida Housing
Coalition. They create construction, contracting and real estate jobs, all vital
components for a vibrant economy.

Every dollar spent on housing generates $7 for the economy, Monroe said. The
SHIP projects alone have a $5-million impact on the Citrus economy, he said.

That's the kind of talk that gets legislators listening, Porter said. Economic
impact is a traditionally fundamental value for Republicans.

"I think that you're going to see a little bit more support this year in keeping
the dedicated funding source," he said. It's likely the issue will be "revisited
in possibly a different light."

The political wrangling means little for Pedro and Juanita Acosta. What mattered
to them was the significant down payment and closing costs assistance they
received toward their Inverness home. And the interest-free loan with no monthly
payments that wasn't a gimmick, as they initially suspected.

Now, they spend less on monthly mortgage payments than they did on rent. For a
home that is all their own after 43 years of marriage. For a place Juanita, 62,
fills with her numerous little trinkets and dolls. For a yard Pedro, 64, adorns
with a vegetable garden and flowers.

"It's a pleasure, even at 65, to have a house in your name, to have this much
space," Pedro said as he proudly showed off his little palace one morning last
week. "I didn't believe that this could happen."

Juanita agreed. "The program - it's beautiful."

- Colleen Jenkins can be reached at 860-7303 or cjenkins@sptimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, STEPHEN J. CODDINGTON; Pedro and Juanita Acosta bought their
first home in May with the help of the State Housing Initiatives Partnership.

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                              889 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

Wittenberg awarded $375K tourism grant for athletics complex

BYLINE: Katie Wedell, Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 615 words


March 16--SPRINGFIELD -- The Clark County Convention Facilities Authority has
awarded Wittenberg University a $375,000 grant to support the school's $40
million athletic complex upgrades.

The authority's mission is to support local facilities that contribute to the
county's tourism economy. When leaders pitched the project to the CFA board in
August, Wittenberg said the enhancements will increase student recruitment and
retention as well as allow the university to host more large athletic events and
tournaments.

The university plans to break ground on the project in March 2017.

Applications hit a record this year, the university said, with more than 6,700
received as of March 8, compared to about 6,200 last year.

"It's money well spent," said Clark County Commissioner John Detrick, a graduate
of Wittenberg University class of 1964.

Wittenberg ranks second in terms of venues that bring people for overnight stays
in Clark County, he said, behind the fairgrounds.

"We see this as an opportunity to help grow and be an additional economic driver
for tourism in Clark County," said Wendy Kobler, Wittenberg's vice president for
advancement.

The university asked the facilities authority for a $750,000 grant -- $250,000
annually for the next three years. But the board expressed concern that that
amount was nearly their entire budget for projects for a year.

The CFA awarded $396,000 in grants to local tourism projects in 2014. The money
comes from bed taxes at Clark County hotels.

The upgraded athletic facilities will allow Wittenberg to attract regional and
national tournaments for Amateur Athletic Union and club sports, plus NCAC and
NCAA championship events, Kobler said.

Wittenberg has already raised about $25 million in private donations and tax
credits toward the renovation and building project.

It was originally projected to cost about $30 million, but is now expected come
in at about $40.5 million, Kobler said.

That's due to increases in construction costs since the initial plan was laid
out and inclusion of a couple years worth of maintenance and upkeep costs while
the university establishes a permanent $2 million endowment to run the
facilities.

In addition to renovation of the 1929 field house and the 1982 Health, Physical
Education and Recreation Center, the university's plan includes the construction
of a new 125,000-square-foot indoor athletic facility attached to the north end
of the HPER Center.

The restored and expanded facility is slated to include:

* An indoor 100-yard artificial turf surface to accommodate football, soccer,
lacrosse, field hockey, baseball and softball.

* A six-lane, 300-meter indoor track.

* A new 7,000-square foot weight room.

* A sport performance, strength training and wellness center.

* Technology-enabled classroom space.

* Updated locker rooms.

* Multi-purpose recreational rooms for group fitness classes and special-event
space.

* Spacious alumni/recruiting lounge.

* Modernized court surfaces for tennis, volleyball and basketball.

Wittenberg has about 1,850 students and 475 employees. It currently brings about
4,100 overnight stays to Springfield each year with an estimated economic impact
of $70 million annually.

"With this financial support, we are one step closer to embarking on the next
step of this exciting capital initiative," Kobler said. "Both the new facility
and academic programs will help with recruitment of new students and retention
of existing students in an overly competitive marketplace that faces fewer
graduating high school seniors and continued price pressures."

___ (c)2016 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio Visit Springfield News-Sun, Ohio at
www.springfieldnewssun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160316-1SP-Wittenberg-awarded-375K-tourism-grant
-for-athletics-complex-0316-20160316

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SP


                   Copyright 2016 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio


                              890 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 11, 2011 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: New UMD chief off to good start, but ...

BYLINE: Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 553 words


May 11--In the nine short months Lynn Black has been chancellor of the
University of Minnesota Duluth, the school has won national championships in
football and in men's hockey, has christened a glittering

$60 million hockey arena and has completed a long-needed strategic plan, a
written guide to make sure UMD remains a "premiere campus universally recognized
as world-class."

At a chamber luncheon Tuesday in Duluth's Kitchi Gammi Club, Black, UMD's ninth
chancellor, marveled at all the positive things going on at his school, a
fixture in Duluth since 1895. He talked up the students, including those who
share his near-campus neighborhood by Old Main. And he gushed over the academic
opportunities and achievements at his growing school of 11,700 students (about
4,000 more than in the late 1990s) and 1,700 faculty and staff.

He cited Isaac Odim as just one example of student success. Odim will graduate
Saturday not only with nearly every rushing record in UMD football history but
with academic honors and a degree in engineering. And then? He'll either be
trying out for an NFL team or he'll be taking advantage of academic scholarships
to attend graduate school at Duke University, where he can study biomedical
engineering.

Black said he's committed not only to student success but to "inclusiveness and
opportunity for all" on UMD's campus, ideals that became important to him while
he was growing up in Memphis, Tenn., in the 1960s, during the height of the
Civil Rights Movement.

In addition, Black said he's pushing a new initiative to promote greater
collaboration and cooperation between the university and its nearby neighbors.
And he's eager to build on UMD's annual economic impact of

$374 million. Construction projects on campus over the past five years added
another $153 million into the Duluth area economy, he reported. And the campus
attracts an additional $50 million of research funding every year from the
federal government, from corporate contributors and from other public and
private enterprises.

But amid all the sunshine are growing dark clouds. Black sees a serious threat
to UMD's future in the cuts to higher education being proposed in St. Paul. He
fears lawmakers are "going way too deep."

"We understand we need to be part of the solution," he said. But the proposed
cuts, if adopted, would send funding levels back to 1998 -- when UMD's current
class of freshmen were kindergarteners.

"I am quite concerned how this might play out," Black said.

"As good as we are today we cannot settle for where we are," he said. "We will
continue to think creatively (and) not settle."

For that commitment and energy, Duluth and the region can feel assured its
largest institution of higher education -- and also one of its most important
economic engines and hubs of culture and arts -- is in good hands. For the new
chancellor's well-placed priorities we can be thankful. And we can pledge
support to all the positive things going on at the school.

To see more of the Duluth News Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.duluthnewstribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Duluth News Tribune,
Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110511-DU-EDITORIAL-New-UMD-chief-off-to-good-start-but-0511-20110511

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2011 Duluth News-Tribune


                              891 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Canadians get one-year passport reprieve in U.S.; Regulations will be reinstated
in summer of 2008 at the earliest

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 351  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Canadians won't need to show a passport for travel to the United
States across land and sea borders for at least another year, following a sudden
policy reversal by the American government.

Bowing to months of pressure from the U.S. Congress and the Canadian government,
the U.S. Department of Homeland Security announced on Wednesday it would not
enforce the requirement for passports -- or another form of approved identity
document -- at land and sea crossing until the summer of 2008 at the earliest.

The decision to grant a reprieve amounts to a major shift in policy for U.S.
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff, who has insisted for months the
new rules for land border entry would take effect as early as January 2008.

But the breathing space on passports for Canadian travellers -- especially those
who live in border communities -- was paired with some more sobering projections
about the impact of the rule once it is fully implemented.

According to an economic impact assessment produced by the Bush administration,
the requirement for Americans to obtain passports for travel to and from Canada
will produce a sharp drop in tourism.

The study, included in proposed regulations for the Western Hemisphere Travel
Initiative, shows an expected 3.7% drop in visits to Canada across land border
by frequent U.S. travellers -- defined as Americans who come at least once a
year.

Another 10.7% drop is expected among "infrequent" visitors who come to Canada
once every three years, and a 10.9% reduction is projected for "rare" travellers
who visit once a decade.

According to Homeland Security, the drop in tourism is expected to cost Canada
at least $170 million in foregone spending in the first full year the passport
rule is implemented, and another $120 million for every following year.

The Bush administration was forced to delay implementing the passport
requirement at land and sea borders because of widespread chaos within the
U.S.'s own passport system.

Starting at the end of January 2008, U.S. border officials will require
Canadians to produce a government-issued photo ID.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 16, 2011 Friday

Walla Walla County salmon projects land $1.1 million in grants

BYLINE: Andy Porter, Walla Walla Union-Bulletin, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 554 words


Dec. 16--WALLA WALLA -- Two Walla Walla County groups are slated to receive $1.1
million for salmon recovery projects.

The awards are among $30 million in grants to organizations around the state
announced by the Washington Salmon Recovery Funding Board this week.

In Walla Walla County, the Tri State Steelheaders will receive $903,611 for two
projects and the Walla Walla County Conservation District will receive $227,609
for two projects.

Columbia County will receive $265,720 for two projects, funding board chairman
Don "Bud" Hover said in a release.

"These grants do two things: They provide needed money for local organizations
to help repair damaged rivers and streams and protect the most pristine areas,"
Hover said. "They also create jobs. They will put people to work improving the
environment and restoring something that is important to Washington's economy:
salmon."

A Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife study in 2006 pegged the economic
impacts of commercial and recreational fishing in Washington as supporting an
estimated 16,374 jobs and $540 million in personal income. This new round of
grants is expected to provide more than 300 jobs during the next four years.

Funding for the grants comes from the federal Pacific Coastal Salmon Recovery
Fund and from the sale of state bonds. In addition, nearly $11.6 million is
dedicated to projects in Puget Sound, as part of Gov. Chris Gregoire's
initiative to restore the health of Puget Sound.

The projects will reconnect rivers and streams, replace failing pipes that block
fish passage and replant riverbanks with the goal of improving places salmon use
to reproduce and grow on their way to and from to the ocean.

Andy Porter can be reached at andyporter@wwub.com or 526-8318.

ON THE NET

Salmon Funding Recovery Board: www.rco.wa.gov/boards/srfb.shtml

WW COUNTY PROJECTS

Tri State Steelheaders

* Complete final designs and construct fish passage improvements in a 285-foot
section of Mill Creek. Grant amount, $427,377.

* Begin restoration of the upper one-third of a Walla Walla River reach near
Lowden. Project will remove a half-mile of levee on property owned by Washington
state Department of Fish and Wildlife to create off-channel habitat. Grant
amount, $476,234.

Walla Walla County Conservation District

* Design new diversion entrance on Mill Creek and exit to Yellowhawk Creek to
allow water in Jones Ditch year-round. This will allow the ditch to become a
1.4-mile side channel providing rearing habitat to salmon species entering from
either creek. Grant amount, $94,297.

* Finalize design and begin restoration on nearly a half-mile of the McCaw reach
of the Touchet River near Waitsburg. The reach is a major spawning area for
mid-Columbia River steelhead. Grant amount, $133,312.

COLUMBIA COUNTY PROJECTS

Pomeroy Conservation District

* Assess the lower 50 miles of the Pataha Creek watershed focusing on barriers
to fish passage. Grant amount, $14,600.

Washington Department  of Fish and Wildlife

* Expand a project to increase the types of habitat floodplain connection and
off-channel habitat in the Tucannon River at the department's Wooten Wildlife
Area. Grant amount, 251,120

___ (c)2011 Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Walla Walla, Wash.) Visit Walla Walla
Union-Bulletin (Walla Walla, Wash.) at union-bulletin.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111216-UN-Walla-Walla-County-salmon-projects-land-1.1-million-in-
grants-1216-20111216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UN


                   Copyright 2011 Walla Walla Union-Bulletin


                              893 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             October 6, 2013 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

BASS PRO SNUB IS FOR THE BEST

BYLINE:  Rob Pavey  Outdoors Editor

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C11

LENGTH: 843 words


Like a jilted lover, Columbia County Commission Chairman Ron Cross was oozing
venom last week after Bass Pro Shops reneged - for a second time - on its
commitment to place a store along metro Augusta's Interstate 20 corridor.

Three months earlier, the affable Cross tucked his hair beneath a Bass Pro cap
and smiled giddily during a news conference in which the Missouri mega-retailer
laid out plans for a 50,000-square-foot Outpost store in Martinez.

But by last Tuesday, the summer romance had grown cold. Bass Pro bailed.

The breakup was so sudden that the news release about the I-20 store was still
on Bass Pro's Web site.

Depending on who you believe, the deal was either scuttled when the county
refused to ante up another $10 million to help build the store or - as Bass Pro
claims - the county never told them the taxpayer-financed parking lot would also
be available to ride-share commuters.

Cross even raised the possibility Bass Pro was afraid to share the local market
with archrival Cabela's, which is building its own store just down I-20 near the
Riverwatch exit.

What should the Augusta community learn from all this?

First off, Bass Pro is well known for squeezing taxpayer support from
communities eager - even desperate - to land a "destination" store that comes
with the promise of tourism, tax revenue and peripheral development.

And they do it effectively.

Just last week, Bass Pro was approved for $31 million in state grants and
special financing for a new store in Bridgeport, Conn

And this Wednesday, a new store is scheduled to open in North Utica, N.Y., with
the usual neon fanfare that will include Bass Pro's NASCAR racing team,
autograph sessions with outdoor television host Jimmy Houston and guests that
include Miss New York-USA.

Augusta might wince at being snubbed, but Bass Pro is likely to move on without
a second thought.

After all, if Columbia County won't throw in a few million more dollars to keep
the project afloat, some other community out there probably will.

According to a 2010 study by the non-profit Public Accountability Initiative
research center in Buffalo, N.Y., Bass Pro-anchored projects had reeled in more
than $500 million in taxpayer subsidies across the country during the previous
decade.

Despite such high levels of public assistance, however, some projects fail to
deliver the promised economic impact, the study found.

"While Bass Pro delivers a desirable shopping and entertainment experience to
many consumers, its track record in delivering results to the taxpayers that
have supported its growth is decidedly mixed," the analysis concluded.

The authors also offered advice to government officials courting the company:

"Ask straightforward questions of Bass Pro and project developers, demand
transparency and data, secure contractual guarantees that limit cannibalization,
and, above all, consider alternatives," they wrote. "There is no good reason to
subsidize development that sells cities short and leaves taxpayers on the hook."

THURMOND LAKE CAMPING: With the government shutdown and the recent and abrupt
cancellation of the Army Corps of Engineers' venture to allow a non-profit group
to manage some of its major campgrounds, don't think for a minute there are no
autumn camping opportunities at the lake.

Kim Hatcher of the Georgia State Parks office called me last week to remind us
that the state parks in the area are open and available.

"We wanted to make sure people understood that Mistletoe and Elijah Clark state
parks are not closing," she said. "We're open and if people can't come to the
corps campgrounds, they can come to those parks."

BOAT OWNERS FINED: The Associated Press reported last week that boaters will
face fines later this month if they fail to renew their boat decals on time.

Georgia Department of Natural Resources spokeswoman Melissa Cummings says
boaters who don't renew expired registration decals before Oct. 24 will be
charged a $10 late fee.

Dan Forster, the director of the Wildlife Resources Division, says lawmakers
passed a regulation in 2013 to encourage timely renewal. He says boaters
typically put off renewing their registration until just before the summer
holidays.

Forster says the holiday rush creates a backlog for those looking to renew their
registration and the law is meant to diminish that.

Boat registration decals are valid for three years and expire on the last day of
the owner's birth month.

POOF BANG: Hunters looking to pursue deer with firearms that harken back to a
different time will have their chance, Oct. 12-18, during the week-long
primitive weapons deer hunting season. During last year's primitive weapons
season, more than 45,000 hunters took home more than 10,500 deer representing
about 3 percent of Georgia's total deer harvest.

Remember also that being young is a bonus during primitive weapons season. Youth
under 16 years of age can hunt deer with any legal deer firearm Oct. 12-18,
including during any wildlife management area primitive weapons hunt.

Reach Rob Pavey at (706) 868-1222, ext. 119, or rob.pavey@augustachronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Investing in a thriving St. Louis

BYLINE:  By Jorge Riopedre

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 589 words


Recently released data by the American Community Survey showed that the St.
Louis region's foreign-born population grew by 8.9 percent in 2015, placing the
region as the fastest growing of the 20 largest metros in the United States.

This is great news. The St. Louis Mosaic Project, a regional initiative managed
by the St. Louis Economic Development Partnership, was launched in 2013 in
response to an economic impact report highlighting the economic benefits of
increasing St. Louis' foreign-born population. It has been in the vanguard of
making our region more welcoming to people born in other countries. Coupled with
the work of numerous agencies that serve immigrants and refugees, I'm not
surprised to see the progress we have made.

But it is not enough to welcome these newcomers. We must retain them, and in
order to do that we have to work more closely together to help them put down
roots in the community.

That is why the Mosaic Project and four other organizations - Casa de Salud, the
Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, Asian American Chamber of Commerce and the
International Institute of St. Louis - joined together to form the St. Louis New
American Alliance.

It's important to note that this is not yet another new nonprofit organization.
Rather, it is a collaboration between existing groups that recognize St. Louis
has too many silos that sometimes stifle our ability to do broader good for a
larger population. With the Alliance, our respective organizations and other
agencies in the community enhance their reach, enabling us through one channel
to connect immigrants and refugees to health care, business assistance,
financial products and social services.

The Alliance has begun outreach to the many different ethnic communities that
reside in the metropolitan area with a message of inclusion and support. With a
small grant from the Missouri Foundation for Health, a coordinator was hired to
measure the effectiveness of our collaboration, and note any barriers that we
are not able to overcome. We will share that information with the wider service
community and make adjustments.

These efforts are tied together through the Alliance's Welcoming Center, located
at the International Institute. All of the Alliance's outreach materials have a
phone number and email to provide access services from any Alliance member and
other agencies in the community. But it is also important to have a physical
presence, a central hub where an immigrant or refugee can talk to someone in
person and ask questions.

This work is incredibly important. As numerous studies have shown, the
foreign-born are a key component to the economic future of St. Louis. Simply
put, we must have more immigrants choose to live in St. Louis if we are to avoid
a death spiral of population loss and economic stagnation. The outreach work we
do today is the investment we make for a thriving St. Louis

Of course, we should make sure to point out that this is not a zero sum game. We
cannot ignore the inequities faced by those who have long been members of our
community. The members of the Alliance, while focused on the foreign-born,
remain committed to equity for all who call St. Louis home.

Our effort is one facet of what must be a continued exertion on the part of all
sectors, public and private, to address the many challenges that our region must
overcome in order to be successful, not only economically, but as a model for
the rest of the nation on how people come together to solve problems.

> Jorge Riopedre is president of Casa de Salud.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Jorge Riopedre, executive director of Casa de Salud, a nonprofit
health clinic that serves the St. Louis area's Latino community, including
immigrants and undocumented workers Photo by Jim Doyle, jdoyle@post-dispatch.com

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COMMENTARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                         July 1, 1996 Monday 2D EDITION

Awards

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E-06

LENGTH: 841 words


Volunteers honored

Lockheed Martin Astronautics announced the company's outstanding volunteers for
1995. They are: Ronald G. Seybert, Volunteer of the Year for his work with Craig
Hospital in Denver; and Margaret J. O'Neill, Outstanding Volunteer for her work
with the Jefferson County Children's Advocacy Center.

Community grants

Three Colorado communities - Kit Carson County, Northeast Denver and Summit
County, have been named by The Trust to receive implementation grants under the
foundation's Colorado Healthy Communities Initiative. The communities became
eligible to apply for support for implementation projects after they
successfully completed a year-long planning process.

Cal Emblem

Cal Emblem Labels Inc.'s Denver plant was awarded the Silver Award for their
performance as label supplier to Kodak for 1995. The award is given to select
Kodak suppliers as part of the "Quality First" Supplier Program.

Exceptional service

Cheryl Jones of Westminster, Liova Juarez of Arvada, Ed Lara of Lakewood, and
Larry Romero of Evergreen were honored with Western Area Power Administration's
Exceptional Service Award, the highest award granted to employees. Criteria for
this award include: outstanding service or an established record or achievement;
accomplishing assigned or additional responsibilities in an exemplary manner;
demonstrating unusual initiative; outstanding executive or technical ability;
unusual devotion to duty under adverse conditions; involvement in outside
activities that reflect favorably on Western; and demonstration of Western's
core competencies: teamwork/collaboration, communication, quality/customer focus
and flexibility.

Parent Magazine

Colorado Parent Magazine was recently recognized for editorial and general
excellence at the Parenting Publications of America annual convention. The
magazine was honored as the "Most Improved Parenting Publication" in a large
market.

It was also awarded "Best Feature Article" for the the feature article "The
Faces of Fostering."

Prime Contractor

The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) has selected Gus Anderson
Contracting of Denver as the recipient of the regional prime contractor of the
year award. The woman-owned company was nominated by the National Park Service
for its commitment to competitive costing, timely delivery, and quality
performance on three specific contracts valued at $ 766,000.

Colorado Community

The U S West foundation announced a $ 750,000 special grant to the Colorado
Community College and Occupational Education System for technology training
during a rally and parade at the State Capitol celebrating the successful
combination of education, technology and small business.

Law librarianship

Merrie Jo Schroeder has been selected as the recipient of the 1996 West
Excellence in Private Law Librarianship Award. Sponsored by West Publishing, the
Excellence in Private Law Librarianship Award was established to recognize
private law librarians who distinguish themselves in managing and providing
effective access to information.

Technical communication

The Society for Technical Communication announces 20 Colorado individuals and
companies who have won "Distinguished" awards in the 1996 Technical
Publications/Art Online Competition. They are: Patty Alexander, Lynne Avery,
Judy Fort Brenneman, Stephen Carrol, Griff Advertising and Public Relations,
Hewlett-Packard Company, William Horton, Ed Huston, Bill ivers, Lynda Lester,
Kay Marquardt, National Renewable Energy Laboratory, Jere L. Paulmeno, Jim
Petruzzelli, Lynn Rausch, Juli Rew, Janet Runberg, Richard Snyder, Connie Van
Deventer, and Mary Voita.

The Distinguished award is the highest category of award given in the
competition. It recognizes outstanding excellence in the writing, editing,
illustration, and graphic design of both paper and electronic (on-line) media
intended to convey technical or scientific information to various audiences.

International award

Aspen's Transportation and Parking Plan has received the 1996 International
Parking Award of Excellence for program innovation and management. Aspen's plan
received recognition for it's incentives and disincentives to achieve the goals
of reducing single-occupancy vehicle use, limiting congestion, and increasing
the availability of short-term parking space in the core.

CU-Denver professors

The University of Colorado at Denver awarded its 1996 Outstanding Service Award
to William Clark of music, and Elizabeth Kozleski of education.

M.A. Mortenson Co.

M. A. Mortenson Co., a local Denver contractor, has received national
recognition by The Engineering Society for its work on Coors Field. The entries,
ranging from private homes to public-works projects, were evaluated on the basis
of seven criteria including the quality of overall design, innovative
construction techniques, land use/environmental consideration, appropriateness
of materials, unique engineering systems, degree of energy consciousness, and
end use/social and economic impact on their state.

LOAD-DATE: July 02, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: BRIEFS

                        Copyright 1996 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

FVSU gains major support in 2014

LENGTH: 1359  words

DATELINE: Fort Valley


State University Drive has issued the following news release:

For Fort Valley State University, last year was a banner year in the area of
External Affairs. The university received several major grants that will help
fund students scholarships and launch new programs on campus. Read the briefs
below for an overview of the grant money that FVSU received in 2014.

FVSU receives a grant from the Governor's Office of Highway Safety Fort Valley
State University's Valley Behavioral Services Counseling Center received $6,500
in funding from the Georgia Governor's Office of Highway Safety to continue an
alcohol awareness program aimed at reducing the number of drunk driver crashes
among college-age students.

Blue Bird donates $15,000 to FVSU's Honors Program Fort Valley State
University's new Honors Program recently received a financial boost when the
nation's primary bus manufacturer donated $15,000 to support the institution's
scholars.

FVSU annual scholarship luncheon attracts hundreds  More than 700 FVSU faculty,
staff, students, alumni and supporters recently gathered in the Health and
Physical Education Complex on the main campus for the university's 27th annual
scholarship luncheon. The event, hosted by the FVSU Foundation, Inc., is the
institution's largest annual fundraising event for student scholarships.

FVSU awarded first-generation scholarship program  The Thurgood Marshall College
Fund recently selected FVSU to receive funding from its TMCF's First Generation
Scholars Program. The program, which is sponsored by the Coca-Cola Foundation,
will provide financial support to four university students attending the college
in the amount of $3,125. Each scholarship is renewable for four years for a
total investment of $50,000.

New pre-kindergarten program available in Macon County FVSU's Head Start Program
received $63,000 from the Georgia Department of Early Care and Learning, to
start a new pre-kindergarten program in Macon County for the 2014-2015 school
year. The program will serve 20 children at FVSU's Head Start facility in
Marshallville. Classes begin Aug. 18.

FVSU receives NSF grant to start minor in applied statistics The National
Science Foundation recently awarded FVSU's mathematics and computer science
department a $393,684 grant to launch a new minor program in Applied Statistics.

FVSU to repair and reopen pool thanks to USG funding FVSU's damaged swimming
pool underwent repairs thanks to $400,000 in funding that President Ivelaw Lloyd
Griffith secured from University System of Georgia's Board of Regents Chancellor
Hank M. Huckaby.

1964 alumni class makes record-setting donation to Fort Valley State University
The FVSU Class of 1964 recently made a record-setting donation of $70,000 as
part of its 50-year reunion and celebration. Tommy McMullins, a member of the
FVSU Golden Class of 1964 and the group's fundraising chair, said he hopes the
gift, presented on May 2, inspires other alums to give back to Fort Valley
State.

Northrup Grumman makes donation to FVSU  Global security company Northrop
Grumman Corporation donated $5,000 to the university's scholarship fund. Two
company representatives, Human Resources Manager Keri Pierce and Finance Manager
Larry Wingate, delivered the check to FVSU president Ivelaw Lloyd Griffith on
Dec. 11, 2014 in the presidential conference room in Troup Building.

Fort Valley State University to launch the Advance2Go Program for Adult Learners
FVSU is expanding opportunities for adult learners to earn their college degrees
and enhance their on-the-job skills thanks to new grant funding recently
obtained from the Georgia governor's office. The university received $25,000 to
start implementing the "Advance2Go" program for adult learners on campus.

Fort Valley Chapter of The Links, Incorporated makes donation to the school  A
Fort Valley civic organization recently donated money to ensure that scholars
matriculating at FVSU can fulfill their dreams of earning their college degrees.
The Fort Valley Chapter of the Links recently donated $5,762.80 to its Fort
Valley Links Incorporated endowment, which provides scholarship money for
students attending the university.

Pre-College STEM pipeline program nets $724, 000 federal windfall A FVSU program
that encourages pre-college students to pursue science, technology, engineering
and mathematical-related fields recently received federal funding to continue
its mission. The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission awarded FVSU $724,312 grant
to support its (STEM) pipeline program: the Mathematics, Science and Engineering
Academy. The four-year grant award period began in Sept. 30, 2014 and will last
until 2018.

FVSU Title III Grant renewed for a third year FVSU recently received the green
light to expand a program that improves student outcomes for teacher education
and STEM disciplines. The program is funded through a Title III grant dedicated
to strengthening historically black colleges and universities. FVSU's renewal
for a third year of funding has increased from $85,000 to $118,530.

FVSU nets $149,500 grant to prepare future biotechnology workers The United
States Department of Agriculture's National Institute of Food and Agriculture
awarded FVSU's Biotechnology Program a $149,500 grant to implement a new program
that will help with the recruitment and retention of high school students and
college students in biotechnology-related fields. The grant period ends in
August 31, 2016.

NSF funds used to partner with the University of the Philippines - Los Banos
Fort Valley State University received $7,500 in supplemental funding from the
National Science Foundation, Department of Biological Infra-structure that will
help create a U.S. - Philippines International collaborative Research Experience
for Undergraduates in Biotechnology program. The campus will partner with the
University of Philippines and the International Rice Research Institute in the
Philippines on research and education in the field of plant genomics and
biotechnology, and provide training, networking and intellectual development
opportunities for undergraduates and faculty scientists with international
research backgrounds.

Retired FVSU administrator launches scholarship fund - Anna Holloway, who served
as the dean for the College of Graduate Studies and Extended Education, launched
the 46 Years Scholarship Fund before her retirement in June. Holloway worked at
FVSU as a professor and an administrator for 46 years.

FVSU's Economic Impact in Georgia? - $139 million says research group -  In its
"Economic Impact of Fort Valley State University" report, the Hanover Research
firm found the university had a state-wide financial impact of $139 million that
supported more than 1,300 jobs in Georgia. The impact figure reflected an
initial input of $59 million by FVSU and $25 million by students. The group also
found the greatest source of the total impact came from the institution's
employee payroll expenditures with a $66 million impact statewide.

Homecoming donors give more than $330,000 for FVSU scholarships - Earlier this
year, a U.S. News and World Report Short List study found that Fort Valley State
University's alum were ranked seventh in the nation for HBCU alumni that
regularly give back to help their school. This year, supporters stayed true to
that ranking by donating more than $330,000 during homecoming. The funds will be
earmarked for scholarship initiatives for Fort Valley State University students.

College of Agriculture earns approximately $700,000 in grant funds - Students,
community members and farmers will reap benefits from approximately $700,000 in
grants funds earned by faculty in Fort Valley State University's College of
Agriculture, Family Sciences and Technology. Dr. Brou Kouakou, FVSU associate
professor of ruminant nutrition, Dr. Sarwan Dhir, FVSU associate professor of
plant biotechnology, Dr. George McCommon, FVSU associate professor of veterinary
sciences and Dr. Hari Singh, research assistant professor, each received an 1890
Capacity Building Grant.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              897 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                              June 30, 2006 Friday

Sounds serenade a small gathering

BYLINE: By Scott Stafford, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: HEADLINES

LENGTH: 742 words


PITTSFIELD -- For the first time since 1998 and the second time since the early
1950s, the Colonial Theatre was host to a performer entertaining an audience
yesterday.

The audience was a small one -- about 15 dignitaries touring the nearly restored
theater, including Senate President Robert E. Travaglini and state Sen. Andrea
F. Nuciforo Jr. At about 11:15 a.m., as the group stood on the stage admiring
the beauty of the restored 1903 theater's interior luster, instruments and a
voice rose up from the balcony in a rendition of "You Raise Me Up."

As in July 1998, when Hillary Clinton heard two young violinists play in the
unrestored structure to promote the restoration project, this was intended to
demonstrate the economic impact of the theater and its acoustics. "We felt
pretty strongly that we wanted to let (Senate President Travaglini) know how we
felt about the economic stimulus bill getting past the veto," said David
Fleming, executive director of the Colonial Theatre. "I knew the impact (the
theater) would have visually. But for this, I thought we ought to hit at least
two senses -- visual and aural -- if we're going to leave a more powerful
impression."

At stake is Gov. Mitt Romney's veto of a $290 million economic stimulus bill
that included funding for a number of Berkshire County and Pittsfield
initiatives, including $1 million for the Pittsfield cinema project, a $13
million cultural facilities matching grant fund, a $35 million boost to the
historic preservation tax-credit program, $300,000 for Pittsfield's historic
gateway, $100,000 for Hancock Shaker Village, $50,000 to study the
Ashuwillticook Rail Trail, $30,000 for the Berkshires "buy local" campaign,
$500,000 for the Mohawk Theatre and $68,000 for the North Adams airport. The
cultural facilities matching grant fund and the historic preservation tax-credit
program are both the kinds of funding that projects like the Colonial, and
others from the Berkshire Museum to The Mount, will depend on for funding and to
help stimulate economic recovery.

Apparently, the message got through. "They put on a performance that
demonstrated to me that the acoustics are worthy of having the top artists come
there to perform," Travaglini said during an interview later at The Eagle. "The
Colonial Theatre is a magical venue. How can you not be moved by that place?
It's not a home run, it's a grand slam. I am pleased to have been a partner in
that project."

Fleming said that in anticipation of Travaglini's visit, he called an old friend
Wednesday to add sound to the theater's visual allure. Singer Patrick Callinan
of Haydenville responded by asking what time he should be there.

"I thought, 'That's kind of neat,' " Callinan recalled. "I was honored." He
selected the song written by Josh Groban, a slightly Celtic-sounding pop song
with orchestral overtones, because "I thought it indicates a certain gratitude
for any support they have given the project."

His accompaniment came from a soundtrack played on a portable sound system.
After singing in the theater, he called the Colonial a "great little opera house
-- among the best I've ever played." He said its acoustics add to the charm.

After his rendition ended, Callinan simply faded away, leaving them alone with
their impressions. "I think it went over well," said Callinan. "I know some of
the construction workers liked it -- they came over and told me it was
beautiful. I think it gave them a feeling for what they've been working so hard
toward."

Travaglini said the Colonial serves as an example "of the whole intent of the
stimulus package." "We realize as we go through this economic revitalization
that we have a responsibility to partner with the local communities to stimulate
their economies," he said. "And once they start doing well on their own, they
don't have to come back to me."

He also pledged that the funding legislation was negotiated and passed as a
package, and the veto would be overridden on the whole package. "I don't know
how the administration took the action that it did -- these were appropriate and
necessary measures," he said. "This was a negotiated package. We don't want to
pick and choose, we want the whole package. All of these projects, in my view,
are critically important."



Colonial curtain ready to open
First show: Rent, Aug. 29-Sept. 3 Phone: (413) 997-4444 Web:
www.thecolonialtheatre.org


Scott Stafford can be reached at sstafford@berkshireeagle.com or at (413)
496-6240.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                            April 19, 2014 Saturday

New sports tourism grant rules approved by city council

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 491 words


Fredericton city council has approved a new set of guidelines for local sporting
groups to apply for financial assistance to host major sporting events.

"The idea behind it is basically to ensure we have a standardized protocol in
regards to applications for grants to the city for sports tourism-related
events," said Bobby Despres, Fredericton's sports tourism co-ordinator.

"The idea for us was in this document, and within sports tourism, was to ensure
that we have a process that allows for local sporting organizations and groups
to host different sporting events," he said in an interview.

"We want to ensure they understand what we're looking for in our application
process which allows us to record the numbers of the economic impact of the
sporting events that come through the city."

Sports tourism is a major new economic development initiative in the capital.

Council recently approved creating the position of a full-time sports tourism
co-ordinator to grow the sector.

Since last January, the city has invested $90,000 in sports tourism events such
as the Canadian Interuniversity Sport women's hockey championships, the world
mixed doubles and senior curling championships, and the Canadian ringette
championships which all reportedly generated $10.6 million in economic spinoffs.

Despres also said the goal of the new rules is to make it as easy as possible
for sporting groups to apply for a city grant for major sporting events.

"We're looking at ensuring that groups don't get scared off because of a lot of
different things that are involved in hosting an event," he said.

"We want to ensure it is as easy as possible a process for a group to host an
event and to be successful at hosting an event and to leave all participants,
spectators, officials with the awe factor of what Fredericton can do as a host
organization."

Despres said part of his mandate as sports tourism co-ordinator is to work with
sporting groups to drum up new business for the city which recently built two
new arenas. And the event doesn't have to be new, he said.

"If there is an opportunity for us to do value add ons to make a long-standing
event even better or to bring in teams from away, it's my responsible to ensure
that groups are aware of what we can do to help out, whether it's tourism
packages or letters from the mayor or securing facilities ensuring you can
expand your tournament," he said.

The new guidelines formalize unofficial rules the city had been using in the
past to promote sports tourism, he said.

Despres said some local sporting groups have seen the new guidelines as they
were being written, but he hopes a lot more than see them now they have been
approved by council.

He said he looks forward to feedback.

According to the new rules, an grant application for more than $25,000 must be
approved directly by city council.

Only non-profit groups can apply for the sports tourism grant and an event must
be a minimum of two days in length.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Daily Gleaner
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Namibian (Windhoek)

                                October 16, 2015

Poverty Eradication and the Big

LENGTH: 789 words


OVER the last few weeks, consultative meetings were held in all regions to
debate possible interventions to eradicate poverty and to redistribute wealth
more equally in Namibia.

Such debates are certainly welcome against the backdrop of Namibia being one of
the countries with the highest levels of income inequalities in the world.

Undoubtedly various strategies will need to be implemented in parallel to
reverse both the historical inequalities and the skewed distribution of incomes
that was maintained after independence.

As stated by the President in his state of the nation address: "The war against
poverty and the quest for economic emancipation must be a multi-faceted war
which we will fight on many fronts, using a myriad of methods at our disposal".

This must entail a change in economic ownership structures and elite
accumulation patterns if we want to build a more equal society. It is a daunting
challenge that requires deliberate and strategic interventions to effect
meaningful redistribution.

The Economic and Social Justice Trust, as an organisation of volunteers
promoting the achievement of economic and social justice in Namibia, believes
that despite the achievements made since independence, far too many Namibians
are still living in dire circumstances and do not enjoy a life in human dignity
as envisaged by the Namibian Constitution.

We further believe that it is time to tackle poverty as a blatant human rights
violation and we agree with the President that "all Namibians deserve a
dignified life". Various proposals were made and the debate is bound to continue
for years to come.

However, discussions cannot substitute decisive action and there is little doubt
that the introduction of a universal Basic Income Grant (BIG) has to be one of
the key instruments in the war against poverty.

The government's NAMTAX commission of 2002 regarded the reduction of Namibia's
income inequality not only as a justice issue, but as a prerequisite for
economic growth.

The BIG pilot project in Otjivero documented the positive social as well as
economic impacts that the grant had on food security, education, health, crime
and local economic activities.

In addition, during the 2013/14 drought, another 6 000 people in Omusati,
Kunene, Kavango West and Hardap experienced the positive impact of a cash grant
from the Lutheran churches. We noted that even the critics of the BIG have not
been able to propose a better alternative.

The available evidence from Namibia's pilot project as well as similar
initiatives elsewhere (including India) have shown that economic security for
people with low income greatly enhances the efforts in the health and education
sector, supporting government's interventions in these areas.

This was even recognised beyond Namibia's borders, for example when the special
UN representative Magdalena Sepúlveda visited Otjivero in 2012 and noted that
the BIG had achieved many positive results and thus needed to be recognised as
an effective tool to fight poverty.

The introduction of a BIG is not an act of charity but signals the introduction
of an economic right to break the shackles of poverty which trap so many
Namibians. Some have argued that a BIG should not be paid to all but only to
those who live in poverty.

While this argument sounds reasonable at a first glance, one needs to remember
that means-tested grants require substantial resources for their administration.
Means-testing can also lead to stigmatisation and may result in the exclusion of
some people who were meant to be reached. Most Namibian household incomes are
irregular and can change from month-to-month.

Thus means-testing would have to be conducted on a continuous basis and this
would consume a significant portion of the resources meant for the poor. A
universal BIG on the other hand would be easy to calculate and to administer in
terms of costs. It would guarantee all households a certain amount of income
security, and it would reduce vulnerability, including the dependency of many
women on their male partners.

Vulnerable workers in low income jobs would also be afforded the opportunity to
reject some of the most exploitative jobs as their survival would not solely
depend on those jobs.

The BIG will certainly not lead to "laziness" but it would be an important
enabler to overcome poverty. We therefore urge the government to introduce the
BIG as a cost-effective intervention in the fight against poverty. With over 40%
of Namibians under-nourished and another drought looming, the time for a
national roll-out of the BIG is now.

- Herbert Jauch is the chairperson of the Economic and Social Justice Trust,
with Bience Gawanas, Adeline Black, Michael Gaweseb and Doufi Namalambo being
the fellow trustees.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Lichfield Mercury

                                 June 23, 2011

Council defends its annual £15,000 subsidy to help city's festival

BYLINE: Andy Kerr

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 508 words


Lichfield District Council has defended the £15,000 annual subsidy it gives to
the Lichfield Festival following criticism from a city resident.

Mrs L Brown of Valley Lane believed that £117,000 had been received by the
festival last year, a figure which has been dismissed by the council (the actual
subsidy is £15,000).

But she does not believe the festival should receive any money from LDC.

"This must be the last Lichfield Festival that is funded by Lichfield council
taxpayers," said Mrs Brown.

"It is wrong for the public to subsidise other people's pleasure."

In her letter to the Mercury Mrs Brown added: "This event was begun by a
clergyman (The Very Reverend John Lang, former Dean of Lichfield).

"I doubt whether he would think it was morally correct for some people to "have
fun", to "have a good time" and "to enjoy themselves" at public expense.

"I call on Lichfield District Council to refuse to give any more public money to
this hedonistic and selfish bunch of people - Let them pay their own way."

Councillor Colin Greatorex, Lichfield District Council's cabinet member for
organisational development and community, said: "We support a number of
community services and initiatives - ranging from The Lichfield Festival and
South Staffordshire Citizens' Advice Bureau, to Relate - through our community
grant scheme. We awarded a grant of £15,000 a year over three years (2009 to
2012) to the Lichfield Festival.

"This funding is part of a Service Level Agreement, which we enter into so we
can make sure local organisations and groups offer good services to the
community.

"As part of the agreement, we asked The Lichfield Festival to widen its
marketing to attract more people from outside the district, which would boost
the local economy and raise the profile of the district.

"We also asked that it gets more involved with community-based art projects, and
continue to involve local people in the organisation of the festival."

Fiona Stuart, director of the Lichfield Festival, said: "I am extremely sorry
that Mrs Brown has expressed such negativity towards our local arts
organisations. We are lucky to have a range of groups in Lichfield that offer a
huge variety of artistic experiences to local people.

"We work hard to ensure that the £15,000 is used to provide events that people
want to see here and opportunities for local people, especially children, to
develop their creative skills.

"In 2010, for example, we ran 26 events with international artists but 121 free
events, including workshops and performances from local groups.

"Commercially, a festival not only helps to raise the profile of a city but also
helps with tourism and commerce by filling hotels, restaurants and bars."

Fiona said that using a formula devised by the University of Sheffield, the
economic impact on the city is considered to be in excess of £1.6 million, which
"isn't a bad return for the district council".

"I would like to invite Mrs Brown and a guest to come to the festival at first
hand, and I will happily pay for these tickets myself," she added.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 54


                    Copyright 2011 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              901 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                              June 16, 2006 Friday

Commentary: Recent big-name events create vibrant tourism economy

BYLINE: Aris Melissaratos

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 665  words


What's faster than a speeding thoroughbred, more appealing than 51 beauty queens
and can jump sleek racing sailboats in a single bound?It's Maryland's tourism
industry, which has made great gains as a result of Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr.
's leadership and support.

This spring, nationally recognized and high-profile events like the Miss USA
Pageant, the Volvo Ocean Race, the 131st running of the Preakness Stakes and the
Maryland Film Festival have all made Maryland a center of national attention,
creating a vibrant tourism economy.When Ehrlich took office, he set a lofty goal
for Maryland's tourism industry: to reach $10 billion in economic impact in
2005. That goal was accomplished a year earlier than expected.The latest tourism
figures released for 2004 by the Travel Industry Association of America show
that Maryland's tourism industry has topped a record $10.1 billion in economic
impact, a number that is up from $9.3 billion from the previous calendar year.
The study also showed tourism generated an estimated $813 million in state and
local taxes in 2004 -- up from $788 million the previous year -- when a
record-breaking 21 million visitors came to the state.Those big numbers have
translated into a flurry of jobs to bolster the Maryland economy. Approximately
115,000 people were employed in Maryland's tourism industry in 2004, an increase
of nearly 3,000 employees, mainly in the areas of food service, public
transportation and lodging. "Maryland's tourism industry would not be enjoying
this tremendous success if it weren't for the efforts of the many dedicated
tourism partners, who were able to attract an additional 1 million visitors to
our state in 2004 and help us to reach these important milestones," Ehrlich
said.The Miss USA pageant -- which appeared in Baltimore for the second
consecutive year -- is the perfect example of what a big event can do for a
state's economy.Based on attendance and spending data provided by pageant
organizers, and analysis by the Department of Business and Economic Development,
the 2006 pageant generated an estimated $3.2 million in local expenditures, $1.1
million in salaries and 42 jobs. Based on these sales and income estimates, the
pageant generated total tax revenues of $175,000 for the city and state.The live
telecast was distributed and broadcast to more than 100 countries worldwide.
During the past two years, an average of nearly eight million domestic viewers
watched the competition, benefiting businesses like hotels, flower shops,
caterers, jewelry stores, charities and entertainment centers. A pageant-related
fundraiser resulted in $250,000 for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.The Volvo
Ocean Race also made a big splash in Maryland. The event drew a combined 390,000
visitors to Baltimore's Inner Harbor and Annapolis, generating an estimated $50
million for the local economy.But the Ehrlich administration isn't committed to
just big-name events. Earlier this year, the governor's budget request of $7
million was added to the board's budget and passed through the full Senate and
the House budget subcommittees. The additional funding -- more than the current
fiscal year 2006 budget of $5.5 million -- will be used to increase grant
funding for the local destination marketing organizations in Maryland's 23
counties, Ocean City and Baltimore City.With this new funding and the help of
industry partners, the Ehrlich administration hopes to launch new initiatives,
open new attractions and entice even more visitors to experience all that
Maryland has to offer.

Aris Melissaratos is Maryland's secretary of business and economic development.
The Ehrlich administration produces a regular column for The Daily Record. The
opinions expressed are those of the administration. Dean Storm, an employee at
the Maryland Department of Business and Economic Development communications
office, contributed to this column. For additional information about the
department or its programs, call 1-888-ChooseMD.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Report shows NU makes $3.9B impact on state economy

LENGTH: 882 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Lincoln: University of Nebraska-Lincoln has issued the following news release:



  The analysis, presented Jan. 29 to the NU Board of Regents, was conducted by
Tripp Umbach, a leading national consultant with expertise in economic impact
studies. NU President Hank Bounds said the firm's findings confirm that the
University of Nebraska plays a fundamental role in ensuring the state's economic
competitiveness and quality of life and that continued investment in higher
education is vital to the state's success.





 "The University of Nebraska touches virtually every Nebraskan in some way,"
Bounds said. "We know intuitively that the university is deeply connected to the
economic and social well-being of the state. This report confirms that the state
cannot be successful without its public university. No single number or report
can fully capture the impact of the University of Nebraska. But this analysis
makes clear that the mission-driven activities of the university are
transforming lives and communities across the state -- and that we have a proven
record of successfully leveraging the resources that Nebraskans invest in us."



 Chancellor Harvey Perlman said that, as the state's land-grant university, it
is the University of Nebraska-Lincoln's tradition and commitment to contribute
to the economic growth of Nebraska and its people.



 "We take that mission seriously, both in our Nebraska Extension activities and
the development of Innovation Campus," Perlman said. "We also produce the talent
to make Nebraska's economy successful."



 Among Tripp Umbach's key findings:



     The university's $3.9 billion annual economic impact means that the
activities of NU campuses, faculty, staff and students -- and the resulting
ripple effects in business and communities statewide -- add nearly $11 million
each day to Nebraska's economy.



     The University of Nebraska sustains a highly skilled workforce for the
state, supporting one out of every 36 jobs in Nebraska. The 35,000 Nebraska jobs
supported by the university include not just NU employees, but 19,000 people who
have jobs as a result of university activities.



     NU trains current and future generations of Nebraska's leaders. About
189,000 NU alumni live in Nebraska, representing one of every seven working-age
Nebraskans. More than 10,000 new NU graduates enter the workforce every year,
growing the state's earning power by $50 million annually. Many of those
graduates stay in Nebraska and fill key needs in agriculture, engineering and
information technology, nursing, allied health, business and other fields.



     University research not only grows the economy, but fosters innovation and
addresses key challenges facing Nebraska and the world. NU research has a $385
million annual economic impact, supporting 2,500 jobs and advancing knowledge in
areas such as water and agriculture, treatment of diseases such as cancer and
Ebola, national security and defense, early childhood education, rural
development and others. In addition, faculty are increasingly bringing
innovations from the lab to the marketplace, resulting in new licensing income,
patent activity and startup companies across the state.



     The university gives students the opportunity to change their lives through
education. NU's four campuses and the Nebraska College of Technical Agriculture
educate more than 50,000 students each year. Those include students who are the
first in their families to go to college, other underrepresented students,
military learners transitioning back into civilian life, aspiring entrepreneurs
and distance learners who wouldn't have access to higher education if not for
NU's online programs.



     The University of Nebraska builds economically and socially vibrant
communities -- not just in the cities where NU campuses are located, but in
communities across the state. The university has a presence in all 93 counties.
Initiatives such as Nebraska Innovation Campus at UNL, University Village at the
University of Nebraska at Kearney, Baxter Arena at the University of Nebraska at
Omaha and the Fred and Pamela Buffett Cancer Center at the University of
Nebraska Medical Center are among numerous public-private partnerships that the
university is engaged in with a goal to grow economic activity and community
engagement.



     The well-being of the state is directly linked to the University of
Nebraska. NU employees and students annually provide $90 million in charitable
donations and volunteer services, like student-led service activities, free
health screenings, free scholarly lectures and more. The university's campuses
also offer activities that enhance Nebraskans' cultural understanding and build
connections among citizens, including concerts, art exhibits and athletic
events.



 "NU is a major force in the Nebraska economy in terms of workforce, innovation,
health care and economic development," said Paul Umbach, founder and CEO of
Tripp Umbach. "The true impact of the University of Nebraska goes far beyond the
$3.9 billion in annual economic impact, as the university is a resource for
every Nebraskan. It is the linchpin for Nebraska's continued growth and
prosperity."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            October 19, 2003 Sunday

Study: No sure home run; Stadium feasibility analysis finds potential problems
but says similar cities support minor league ballparks

BYLINE: M. D. KITTLE

SECTION: Pg. a1

LENGTH: 844 words


Professional baseball could succeed in Dubuque and add millions of dollars to
the local economy, according to a feasibility study detailing the financial
impacts of a proposed stadium on the city's riverfront. But the region's smaller
population base could pose profitability problems for the team that wants to
call Dubuque home.

The study, conducted by Minneapolis-based CSL International, compares Dubuque's
demographics to 12 other U.S. cities that have constructed minor league baseball
stadiums since 1995 - including Cedar Rapids, Iowa, which opened its $ 16.5
million ballpark in 2002.  To Our Readers

The Telegraph Herald has committed financial and non-editorial staff resources
toward the "vote yes" stadium campaign.


Dubuque ranks well below "comparable market medians" in total market population
and household spending, according to the study.

"It is also important to note that markets with similar demographic
characteristics are currently supporting new minor league ballparks, and that
none of these factors necessarily preclude the Dubuque market from successfully
supporting a new ballpark and franchise," the analysis stated.

At a press conference last week, Iowa businessman Michael Gartner said he would
move his Battle Creek (Mich.) Yankees to Dubuque, if the Midwest League team had
a place to play.  Dubuque Initiatives, a non-profit economic development group,
which has discussed the concept with Gartner in recent months, commissioned the
CSL study and a separate engineering analysis, which proposes the construction
of a $ 15 million "state-of-the-art" facility near the Ice Harbor.

On Nov. 3, the Dubuque City Council will vote on whether to take the plan to
voters in a referendum, tentatively scheduled for Dec. 16. The referendum would
ask Dubuque property owners to pay $ 6 million of the stadium's construction
costs, which would add about $ 16 per year - for the next 20 years - to the
average homeowners' tax bill.

Other funding sources include $ 3.6 million in state and federal grants, $ 2
million derived from stadium naming rights, and $ 700,000 from Dubuque County.
Dubuque Initiatives has guaranteed $ 700,000 in funding, and the team would pay
$ 2 million over a 20-year lease.

Many of the financial pieces remain unresolved, but the funding would have to
fall into place by the first of the year. The team hopes to have the ballpark
constructed and ready for opening day 2005.

The success of the proposed 4,000-seat stadium would be directly tied to fan
base. CSL's analysis projects "possible" attendance levels of 1,500 to 2,500 per
game, or as many as 170,000 during the season.

The study estimates the franchise would lose about $ 160,000 per year if
attendance is at the low end of the projections. If the top attendance estimates
are reached, the team could operate up to $ 560,000 in the black.

The Battle Creek Yankees, according to the team, lost about $ 400,000 last year
- the direct result of sluggish attendance. Gartner, who also owns the Triple A
Des Moines Cubs, said he is willing to take the financial risk to bring the
Yankees franchise to Dubuque.

While Dubuque's population would rank as the second-smallest market of the
14-team Midwest League, the study indicates Dubuque ranks favorably in
disposable income.

"This could indicate that while the Dubuque market is smaller than most Class A
markets hosting new stadiums, its population could demonstrate higher spending
characteristics in proportion to its population than other Class A markets," the
study said.

The stadium would generate hundreds of thousands of dollars through premium
seating sales, including suites and club seating, the report said. Average
pricing among comparable facilities is $ 19,500 per suite. And the facility
would create more revenue opportunities by hosting other events, like college
baseball and concerts.

The economic impacts of the ballpark could be substantial. Direct spending, the
analysis states, could approach $ 6 million.

"These levels of spending are estimated to generate approximately $ 5.9 million
to $ 9 million in total output and $ 2.3 million to $ 3.5 million in personal
earnings," the study said.

As many as 214 full- and part-time jobs could be created, not including the
construction employment involved.

"Construction of a new ballpark is estimated to generate approximately $ 6.8
million in local spending, which could generate approximately $ 10.2 million in
total output and $ 3.5 million in personal earnings," the study said.

The stadium also would pump more tax dollars into local coffers. Total local tax
revenues, including school sales tax, local option sales taxes and hotel/motel
taxes could range from $ 128,000 to $ 174,000 per year, according to the
analysis.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              904 of 999 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 21, 2017

                              The Hill Group, Inc.

                               2 East Main Street
                                 Carnegie 15106
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


John Talcott Promoted to Consultant

   Nov 19, 2012

   The Hill Group, Inc. is pleased to announce that John Talcott has been
promoted to consultant. Talcott specializes in strategic planning, business
planning, economic impact analysis, and survey design and implementation.Talcott
earned a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University of South
Dakota and is currently completing a Masters of Business Administration at
University of Pittsburgh Katz Graduate School of Business. Talcott's experience
includes process measurement and improvement, workforce management across the
employment life cycle, simulation modeling, and business scenario planning. His
special interests include lean management and six sigma solutions to optimize
business efficiency and effectiveness.Prior to joining the firm, Talcott
provided personal leadership development, challenge course, and facilitation
training to undergraduate students and staff members at the University of
Pittsburgh. His civic engagement experiences include volunteering with the
housing corporation of a social fraternity and mentoring engaged couples in the
local community.


DeMarco Elected Chair of CONNECT

   Nov 19, 2012

   Daniel L. DeMarco, Hill Group Vice President and General Counsel, was elected
chair of the Congress of Neighboring Communities (CONNECT). The election was
held at the annual meeting of the Congress in June.CONNECT is an organization
that promotes cooperation and collaboration between the City of Pittsburgh and
the 37 municipalities that comprise the region's urban core. It cultivates a
forum for new ways to maximize economic prosperity in southwestern
Pennsylvania.EMS funding will top our priorities during my term, said DeMarco.
We have done some excellent work in moving this forward for our members.
However, we must now put more focus towards completing our long-range plan in
order to push this project across the finish line. Public transit and water and
sewer issues also remain top concerns for CONNECT members. All of these require
long-term assistance, and CONNECT is the perfect vehicle to voice the needs of
our region to state and federal government leaders. Since 2000, DeMarco has also
served as Commissioner of the First Ward of Ross Township (Allegheny County),
one of the largest townships in Pennsylvania with over 30,000 residents. DeMarco
is a graduate of Allegheny College and Duquesne University School of Law. In his
capacity as Vice President of The Hill Group, DeMarco provides leadership and
oversees human resources activities. As General Counsel, Dan advises the firm on
legal affairs, provides legal representation, analysis of legal issues, and
administers contracts.


Jordan Pallitto Joins The Consortium for Public Education Board

   Nov 19, 2012

   Hill Group consultant Jordan Pallitto has joined the Board of Directors of
The Consortium for Public Education. The Consortium is a nonprofit organization
working with school districts across western Pennsylvania on initiatives
strategically designed to strengthen and broaden school leadership, engage
community, and empower students.Pallitto will complement the existing board by
bringing invaluable expertise to bear from his extensive work with nonprofit
organizations and educational institutions including public schools,
intermediate units, and education advocacy organizations. I look forward to
helping The Consortium continue its tradition of positively impacting education,
educators, and students in our region, said Pallitto.Pallitto is a Pennsylvania
Association of Nonprofit Organizations (PANO) Standards for Excellence Trained
and Approved Consultant. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Allegheny
College and a Master of Science degree from the Heinz College at Carnegie Mellon
University. Pallitto also serves on the Board of Directors of the Community
Foundation of Westmoreland County (now part of the Pittsburgh Foundation), as
Vice President of the Pittsburgh Urban Magnet Project, and on the Robert Morris
University Health Services Administration Advisory Board. He is a graduate of
Leadership Development Initiative XV, a program of Leadership Pittsburgh, Inc.


Pennsylvania DEP Awards Second Round Of Small Business Advantage Grants To 43
Small Businesses

   Dec 14, 2011

   The Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) awarded
$245,380 in grants to help 43 small businesses around the state invest in energy
efficiency or pollution prevention projects.Mike Krancer, secretary for DEP,
said, "This program empowers small-business owners to invest in important
upgrades that make the most sense for their business. It gives them the
opportunity to lower the costs of production, which makes them better
environmental stewards and more competitive."Pennsylvania's Small Business
Advantage Grant Program provides small businesses with fewer than 100 employees
50% matching reimbursement grants of up to $7,500 to implement projects that
will save $1,000, in addition to 25% annually in pollution prevention or
energy-related costs. Since 2004, the program invested $5.3m in 1,451 small
businesses. Examples of eligible projects include high efficiency HVAC and
insulation upgrades for new businesses, high-efficiency lighting to save energy,
installation of energy-efficient heat pumps and new auxiliary power units that
help large trucks reduce time spent with idling engines. The 43 businesses that
were awarded grants are listed below, with the project location. Allegheny
county The Hill Group Inc., Carnegie River Development Corp., Pittsburgh Berks
county Judy's on Cherry LLC, Reading Butler county Charles Andler, Renfrew
Cambria county The Country Auction, Nicktown Centre county Patchwork Farm,
Aaronsburg Clinton county Sue Salve's LLC, Mill Hall Crawford county Flicks TV &
Electronics Inc., Meadville Environment Coordination Services & Recycling,
Cochranton Cumberland county Fields Family Dentistry LLC, Mechanicsburg Dauphin
county Vartan Group Inc., Harrisburg Boxer Express, Harrisburg Delaware county
Beauty-Art, Antiques & Rugs, Newtown Square Elk county Evergreen Gasfield
Services, Saint Marys Erie county Jensen's Target Collision Inc., Erie Franklin
county The Woods Company, Chambersburg Kaplan Trucking, Waynesboro Lackawanna
county BRT Ice LP, Scranton Lancaster county Rockville Management Group Inc.,
Elizabethtown Stanley J. Weaver Trucking, Reinhold Lawrence county Jerry
Eppinger, Pulaski Kenneth E. Eckman, New Castle Fred Sheffler, New Castle Lehigh
county Christopher B. Hill, D.M.D., Allentown Luzerne county Golden Business
Machines, Kingston American Asphalt Paving Company, Shavertown Montgomery county
Center Square Associates Inc., Norristown Geppert Lumber, Roslyn Philadelphia
county New Riff Cleaners, Philadelphia Casmos Cafe Inc., Philadelphia Allen
Brothers Wholesale Distribution Inc., Philadelphia Schuylkill county
Ashâ[#x20ac]"Tec Inc., Hegins Venango county Fisher & Father Inc., Cranberry
Wayne county BGM Fastener Co. Inc., Honesdale Westmoreland county Makin' Tracks
Pet Shop, Blairsville Speclin Emergency Vehicle Sales & Service Inc., Scottdale
Nu Way Coin-Op-Laundry, Greensburg Karas Trucking, North Huntingdon York county
SMT Manufacturing Group LLC, Hellam Baugher Motors Inc., Codorus Hanover Home &
Garden, Hanover Hake's Body Shop, York Cooper Motors Inc., Hanover.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017


                              905 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               August 7, 2002 Wednesday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Plan for regents makes it to ballot

BYLINE: ANITA KUMAR

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 791 words


First, seven boxes containing thousands of voter signatures were misplaced.
Then, officials miscalculated the number of verified signatures.

Finally, with just minutes to spare before Tuesday's 5 p.m. deadline, supporters
of a plan to revamp higher education in Florida secured a spot on the Nov. 5
ballot.

It was the 11th and final constitutional amendment to make it to the ballot.

"This was never supposed to come down to two minutes before five," said Alice
Skelton, the initiative's campaign manager. "It's one coincidence after
another."

State elections officials initially told Education Excellence its proposal was
certified at 1 p.m. Tuesday. But 15 minutes later officials called back to say
that the state had counted 28,000 signatures twice and that the proposal was not
certified after all.

"Within 15 minutes, we discovered what had happened," said David Host, spokesman
for new Secretary of State Jim Smith, who oversees the elections office.

This came a week after the campaign said Broward election workers misplaced
boxes containing 10,000 signatures, forcing them to get 18,000 extra signatures
over the weekend.

Supporters, led by U.S. Sen. Bob Graham, D-Fla.,  have spent more than
$1-million on the initiative and still have a tough road ahead. Gov. Jeb Bush,
the Florida Board of Education and university presidents oppose the initiative.

"It doesn't make sense except for disgruntled people who like the old way, but
they are not proposing the old way so it is rather confusing," Bush said.

The amendment would restore a version of the old Board of Regents, which had
been in place for 36 years, but keep the new university board of trustees.

Other amendments on the ballot include initiatives to reduce class sizes in
Florida public schools and create a statewide prekindergarten program.

On Tuesday, the Florida Association of District School Superintendents condemned
the class size amendment, which would reduce maximum class sizes in the next
decade but could cost as much as $27-billion.

Thomas Weightman, the association's chief executive officer, said his group
feared the plan could harm school districts' efforts to retain teachers because
money that might be used for raises would have to be used to hire teachers.
School facilities are strained, and subjects such as art, music or athletics
might have to be cut to pay for basic services for new classes the amendment
would create, Weightman said.

Bush, who also opposes the class size amendment, and the Republican-controlled
Legislature abolished the Board of Regents last year and gave oversight of the
state's 11 universities to the Board of Education, which now is responsible for
education from kindergarten through postgraduate studies.

Graham opposed the overhaul and said the state's system would lead to greater
political fighting among the universities and duplication of programs.

The new proposal would create a 17-member Board of Governors that would be
responsible for the entire university system. The board would assign duties to
boards of trustees.

Carolyn Roberts, a Board of Education member who heads the opposition,
Floridians for Education Reform, said she assumed the initiative would make it
on the ballot and plans to start campaigning against the proposal today.

"We have a big job," she said. "But the bottom line is, universities are running
well and they need to leave them alone."

- Times staff writers Lucy Morgan and Alisa Ulferts contributed to this report.

Amendments

on the Nov. 5 ballot

1: Re-establishes the death penalty as an authorized punishment for capital
crimes and authorizes the Legislature to designate methods of execution.

2: Requires the state to determine the economic impact of all constitutional
amendments before voters consider the measures.

3: Allows voters in Miami-Dade County to make changes to their home rule charter
after a referendum.

4: Requires a two-thirds vote of the Legislature before exemptions are added to
the state's public records and open meetings laws.

5: Establishes a review panel to consider sales tax exemptions and make
recommendations to the Legislature before any exemption is removed.

6: Prohibits smoking in most indoor areas, with exceptions for retail tobacco
shops and designated guest rooms in hotels and bars.

7: Allows counties to grant a property tax exemption to the owners of homes who
construct living quarters for elderly relatives.

8: Requires the state to provide free education for 4-year-olds.

9: Mandates the state to reduce class sizes in Florida's public schools.

10: Outlaws keeping pregnant pigs in small cages.

11: Restores a version of the Board of Regents to oversee public universities.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Sen. Bob Graham

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                              906 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                              July 16, 2006 Sunday

Golden Leaf Foundation has sent about $250,000 to CCC

BYLINE: Sue Book, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 668 words


Jul. 16--Golden Leaf Foundation President Valeria Lee has looked at hundreds of
grant applications since a court ordered tobacco settlement established in 1999
what has become the fourth largest foundation in the country based in a
non-metropolitan area.

"When you think about philanthropy, you usually think of big cities and big
business," said Lee, "but in North Carolina, you can also think of Rocky Mount"
and a foundation expected to be valued at about $2.15 billion by 2025.

While all of the 445 grants totaling $155.4 million awarded since 1999 didn't
all go to farm families or the areas where they live, they have been spent on
projects believed to help ensure their economic future, she said.

In this area, Craven Community College received $250,000 for equipment to train
new industry.

Golden Leaf has also sent money to the N.C. History Education Center at Tryon
Palace and the Neuse River Development Authority in New Bern.

Both, Lee said, benefit a far wider population than just Craven County
residents, a consideration when awarding the grants.

The History Education Center project qualifies for its economic and educational
potential and the Neuse River Development Authority grant, to be awarded over
two years, will be used for loans to help start-up companies that want to
manufacture spare parts for the defense industry but might not qualify for
conventional financing.

The latter compliments the North Carolina Aerospace Alliance, launched with a
$9.3 million Golden Leaf grant in April 2005 to help North Carolinians get into
the business of manufacturing spare parts for aging military aircraft.

The bottom line for funding projects -- like the 280 considered this year for
the 80 grants awarded -- is their sustainable economic impact, she said.

Golden Leaf Foundation looks at whether a proposed project can work and whether
it can keep working to keep people working, she said.

Thus far, Golden Leaf claims to have helped state, regional and local economic
developers in creating an estimated 12,000 new jobs and retaining another 9,000.

And the farmers -- more than 7,000 so far -- have also directly benefited from
Golden Leaf, by participating in agricultural training programs in crop
diversification and transitioning, Lee said.

One of the nudges pushed farmers to produce and market more sweet potatoes, Lee
said.

The grants for crop transition to more sweet potatoes won't show up on the
eastern North Carolina list of grants received, Lee said. They went to North
Carolina State University.

"But they are telling us they have seen 9,000 new acres planted since 2001,
sales up by 70 percent since 2004, and food service chains using 11 percent
more," she said.

"The new products, fries, flakes, puree, microwave technology to store
indefinitely have profound implications on the state's economy and also on world
hunger."

Some have questioned Golden Leaf's funding help of certain projects, such as an
equestrian center in Rockingham County. However, Lee calls it a success story,
saying the center has jacked up land values, brought industry and jobs, and
increased the county's tax base so it can provide better schools and services,
she said.

Those new businesses and jobs, some created through 681 business loans totaling
nearly $45 million, are part of creating or maintaining more that 5,500 jobs,
she said.

Sue Book can be reached at 635-5666 or sbook@freedomenc.com.

Golden Leaf Grant Awards

Fiscal Year Award (in Millions)

2001 $5.1

2002 $10.0

2003-- $67.1

2004+ $72.3

2005# $23.9

2006 $27.3

Total $205.7

--Includes $50 million economic stimulus investment

+Includes $60 million in Biotech Workforce Development grants

#Includes $10 million in grants for Aerospace Alliance Initiative

Copyright (c) 2006, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060716-NS-0716-Golden-Leaf-Foundation-has-sent-about-250,000-to-CCC

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2006 Sun Journal


                              907 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Norman Transcript (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 17, 2015 Thursday

Norman Convention and Visitors Bureau in preliminary stages of developing
commission to attract sports events

BYLINE: Joy Hampton, The Norman Transcript, Okla.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 502 words


Sept. 17--Visit Norman is taking the lead to lay the groundwork for a future
sports commission to attract, host and manage future sports tournaments. Visit
Norman -- also known as the Norman Convention and Visitors Bureau -- discussed
the preliminary stages of investigating the best way to set up such a commission
Wednesday at its monthly board meeting.

"In the past, we've had a committee that has worked on this," NCVB Executive
Director Dan Schemm said. "I think we need to begin this conversation."

If voters approve the Norman Forward quality-of-life initiative Oct. 13, the
city will build more fields and facilities that will enable local youth sports
associations to submit bids to host soccer, baseball and softball tournaments --
which could result in more hotel room nights booked and more tourism dollars
spent in Norman.

Schemm said while there are a variety of models of sports commissions, he
believes a commission that is an arm of Visit Norman might be the most
beneficial.

Private and nonprofit sports commissions are often focused on keeping "their
lights on and their doors open," Schemm said.

That means opportunities for citywide economic impact often go overlooked, since
the commissions focus on opportunities that most directly benefit them.

Other sports commissions operate under the city, and others are branches of the
local convention and visitors bureau, Schemm said. Those CVB partnerships work
with local stakeholders and use a combination of grants and private
contributions to support the sponsorship and management costs.

Local businessman and former chamber of commerce board chair Mike Fowler said
Norman's corporate investment in youth sports is strong.

"Norman businesses like to support youth sports," he said.

While national numbers are weighted toward stand-alone commissions, the number
of joint CVB commissions is growing and have been shown to work well, Schemm
said.

While more research needs to be done, Schemm suggested Visit Norman take the
lead, start looking at what other cities are doing and create a potential model
of how a sports commission might work best in Norman.

If voters approve Norman Forward, plans could become more formalized.

"This is a real opportunity for us to be in front of something instead of trying
to play catch up," NCVB chair Carol Dillingham said.

Schemm said organizations plan years ahead for tournaments and other events.

If Norman Forward passes, it may be five years before the new sports facilities
are ready to go, but it still wouldn't be too early to start recruiting events
to the area.

Schemm said Visit Norman would not take over the sports commission, which would
be run by the affected stakeholders, with professional staffing and support from
NCVB.

"We would just help fill in the gaps," he said.

Joy Hampton

366-3544

jhampton@normantranscript.com

Follow me @joyinvestigates

___ (c)2015 The Norman Transcript (Norman, Okla.) Visit The Norman Transcript
(Norman, Okla.) at www.normantranscript.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150917-NQ-Norman-Convention-and-Visitors-Bureau-in-preliminary-stages-of-devel
oping-commission-to-attract-sports-events-0917-20150917

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NQ


                      Copyright 2015 The Norman Transcript


                              908 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              May 9, 2008, Friday

Missing the point;
Administration s actions have damaged WVU

BYLINE: John R. Hoblitzell

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 782 words


GOV. Manchin is justifiably proud of his daughter, Heather Bresch, and her
success in the business world. However, his characterization of the controversy
surrounding her discredited MBA degree as a witch-hunt misses the point of the
dispute.

Heather Bresch is not the issue. The real issue for many WVU alumni, faculty and
friends is the installation and preservation of a university presidency that is
capable of rising above partisan politics and is dedicated to the preservation
and enhancement of the academic integrity of the institution.

The university's constituents have the right to expect more from our university
than phony degrees. We attended the university. The degrees we earned lifted our
careers. We pay taxes and tuition and donate in support of its mission. We
entrust our children to its faculty. We volunteer our time and encourage others
in their support for the university. We have the right to expect that faculty
and administrators will be mentors and role models. We look not for witches, but
for integrity and wise leadership.

It is difficult to imagine a scenario that sheds more light than the Bresch
degree debacle on the increasing intrusion of outside political and business
interests in the governance affairs of West Virginia University. As the
university grows in enrollment and economic impact, it becomes increasingly
attractive for powerful external interests to seek to harness and control the
economic power and influence of the institution for personal and political
benefit. The university's core mission of education suffers when external
pressures cause economic initiatives, rather than the education of students, to
be placed at the top of the institution's agenda.

Mike Garrison was strongly supported by outside political and business interests
in his pursuit of the university presidency. The Bresch degree episode afforded
the Garrison administration an opportunity to demonstrate its independence from
political intrusion and its commitment to the core mission of the university.
The administration flunked the test.

President Garrison's chief lieutenants permitted and even encouraged the
manufacture of a phony degree in a bumbling effort to retain political favor
with the governor and avoid embarrassment for one of the institution's biggest
donors. When it countenanced the arbitrary assignment of grades and the grant of
credits in courses never taken to justify the retroactive award of a degree, the
Garrison administration sanctioned the commission of an academic fraud. That
fraud runs counter to the core values of any credible university. For its
complicity in this academic fraud, the administration should be held fully
accountable by the Board of Governors.

The Board of Governors carries a significant share of the responsibility for the
damage now being inflicted upon the university. From the outset, the Board of
Governors has either failed to understand or chosen to ignore the implications
of the administration's actions in covering for Ms. Bresch. In disdaining the
action of the Faculty Senate by demonstrating continued support of President
Garrison, the board repeats the error of choosing to curry favor with a powerful
politician and Mylan Pharmaceuticals instead of acting to protect the
institution. Like President Garrison, the members of the Board of Governors are
failing a primary test of leadership in the public arena: the ability to say no
to friends when those friends would benefit from a course of action that is
contrary to the best interests of a public institution.

What is the cost of such misguided cronyism? The actions of the administration
and the inaction of the Board of Governors have damaged WVU's national
reputation for academic integrity for years to come. Loyal administrators caught
in the middle of the scandal have paid a high price in smeared reputations. The
credibility of the institution's degrees in the marketplace is diminished.
Faculty retention becomes more difficult. Student and faculty recruiting
suffers. Donors withhold contributions. But not to worry, we finally signed a
contract with a coach.

With no assistance from a reluctant Board of Governors, the Faculty Senate has
stood alone in acting to protect the integrity of WVU's academic programs. The
censure vote of the Faculty Senate should be embraced by the Board of Governors,
not ignored. I hope other concerned West Virginia University alumni will join
the faculty in demanding that the Board of Governors provide ethical and
responsible leadership to the university.

Hoblitzell, a lawyer in Charleston, was a member of the former state Board of
Trustees, which governed the state's universities and medical schools.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              909 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 6, 1987 Thursday

Albertans welcome economic plan but remain skeptical about   benefit

BYLINE: MATTHEW FISHER; GAM

LENGTH: 910 words

DATELINE: RED DEER, AB


BY  MATTHEW FISHER
 The Globe and Mail
  RED DEER, Alta.

Residents in the Progressive Conservative Party heartland of central
Alberta are keenly interested in, but skeptical of, the federal
Government's $1.2-billion plan to help diversify the Western Canadian
economy.

On Tuesday, in Edmonton, Prime Minister Brian Mulroney announced the
third prong of the Government's new regional development strategy. The
Western Canadian Diversification Initiative is designed to broaden the
economic base of resource-dependent economies in Manitoba, Saskatchewan,
Alberta and British Columbia by helping small and medium-sized business
with grants. It will be administered from Edmonton.

Regional economic assistance programs were announced previously for the
Maritimes and Northern Ontario.

'The real surprise is that it came out with so few details," Alan  Scott,
manager of economic development for the City of Red Deer, said in  an interview.
'We'd like to move as quickly as we can to get as much as  we can of this money,
but we don't quite know how to proceed because we  don't have any information. I
had thought that because it took months to  arrange, it would have come out
fully packaged."

The important question for cities such as Red Deer, which has a
population of 55,000 and an unemployment rate of 8.5 per cent, is whether
the program is designed to assist them or larger centres such as Edmonton,
Winnipeg and Vancouver, he said.

'Obviously it will be tied to political considerations," he said.

William Hull, president of Viking Oil Field Supply Ltd., said he
admired the Government's stated intent, which is to reduce the West's
dependence on energy and agriculture. Red Deer is a regional service
centre for both industries.

'Just announcing this is an acknowledgement of the economic problems  that face
small businessmen in Western Canada," Mr. Hull, a former  chairman of the Energy
Services Association, said. 'We are too dependent  on eastern money. Because of
the economy over the past 18 months this  relationship has become very tenuous.

'The major shortcoming is that we have no idea of what the program  really is.
What is required to get funds? What are the regulations? Many  small firms have
limited equity and small management teams. Will they  qualify for assistance?"

If the money set aside for the five-year program were divided roughly
between the four provinces, Alberta's share would be about $50-million a
year. There was widespread doubt that this would be enough to have a
significant economic impact in Red Deer, which is about half-way between
Calgary and Edmonton.

'These aren't really big dollars so we'll just have to see what it can  do
psychologically," Mr. Hull said. 'It's a minuscule amount compared to  what
we've lost over the past year and a half and compared to what we  need. The key
factor is how many long-term jobs are created."

'That much money won't get much industry going," Holly McLaughlin, an
economist, said.

'I think it is imperative that something more be done to get  industries
established here. I view this (the federal diversification  initiative) more as
a tactic to build up the Government's reputation.  We've been promised so much
in the past that I frankly question how much  of this will come to pass."

Hair stylist Sandra Roberts said, 'I can see this benefiting some
small businesses but $50-million or $60-million isn't very much."

Mr. Scott, of the economic development authority, said the federal
diversification fund was a building block similar to those first laid by
former Alberta premier Peter Lougheed in the 1970s.

'Lougheed tried and tried to do something to diversify the economy and
eventually he had some success," he said. 'This announcement will help  Alberta
diversify further but it won't happen overnight. This is a long  process."

The program was not large enough to have much influence over the way
Westerners would vote in the next federal election, he said.

Guy Johnson, vice-president of Travelaire Trailer Canada Ltd., said he
had little faith in Ottawa's ability to deliver any programs that would
help Alberta.

'Traditionally, it's been very difficult for us to be part of federal  programs
here," Mr. Johnson, who used to do campaign work for the Tories,  said. 'It
remains to be seen whether this program is, in fact, any  different. If the
program is to try to encourage viable, non-resource  development in Western
Canada than I am for it.

Philosophically, Mr. Johnson and Mr. Hull said they and many of their
business colleagues are uncomfortable with direct Government subsidies.

'There are two camps here in Alberta," Mr. Johnson said. 'Some view  this
announcement as political recognition of the West. I belong to the  other camp,
which wants to stop subsidies. I'm a true conservative. They  keep telling us
they're cutting the deficit. I would rather they cut taxes  and let business run
without any interference."

Travel agent Laurie Storoz said it is important that the minister
responsible for the program, William McKnight, is from the West
(Saskatchewan) and that he will be making the decisions from an office in
Alberta.

'We feel we've been very neglected for a long time," she said. 'Now  there will
be someone making decisions here, instead of in far-away  Ottawa.

'It's a start. It's a gift horse that we shouldn't look in the mouth.  If this
works, if it makes quality programs that make jobs, it's going to  get them
votes."

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              March 4, 2007 Sunday
                                  City Edition

High grades at OSU ;
University builds momentum in satisfying four years

BYLINE: David J. Schmidly

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 630 words


It doesn't seem like four years since my wife, Janet, and I arrived at Oklahoma
State University with the assignment from the board of regents of developing a
strategic plan for one of the premier land-grant universities in the country. As
we prepare to say goodbye, it's appropriate to look back at our progress.

Four years ago, it was felt that OSU needed to move to the next level so that it
could help the state advance in this highly competitive international
marketplace. Our "Achieving Greatness" strategic plans examined how best to
focus our core missions of learning, discovery and engagement in a way that
would have the greatest impact on Oklahoma.

Appropriately, we developed a "Report Card" to measure our success, and we put
it on the Web for all to see. Education, we believed, must be fiscally
responsible, transparent and accountable for results.

The report card measures five years of performance for the entire university,
and while numbers tell the story, one big number speaks the loudest: nearly $850
million in private donations and public funds for new scholarships and
infrastructure.  Donors, alumni and taxpayers have made a solid investment in
the future of OSU, and they are getting a tremendous return.

Largely because of increased scholarships, we've improved the academic profile
of the typical incoming OSU student: The average freshman's ACT score has
improved each year, reaching 24.7 this year. While continuing to lead the state
in the number of valedictorians, we doubled the number of National Merit
Scholars, and our graduation rate increased nearly 8 percent.

We increased faculty salaries by 18 percent since 2002, introduced an optional
retirement system, improved benefits and added more than 100 faculty positions
through our "Restore, Reward, and Grow" initiative.

The most visible sign of our progress, of course, is an unprecedented amount of
construction. Thanks in large part to generous donors like T. Boone Pickens,
Sherman Smith, the Donald W. Reynolds Foundation, and Walt and Peggy Helmerich,
we've already secured 70 percent of the funding we'll need for more than $825
million in planned construction that will vastly improve academics, athletics,
student life and infrastructure. Most are aware we received the largest athletic
gift in NCAA history from Mr. Pickens, but many don't know we also secured the
largest academic gift in school history from Bill Spears, whose generosity
created the first fully endowed college at OSU.

We developed innovative partnerships with local community colleges in Stillwater
and Tulsa, and significantly increased the number of African-American and Native
American faculty and students, Hispanic students and female faculty. We raised
the university's profile through creative marketing, created a nationally
recognized parents association and promoted wellness.

We fortified OSU's economic impact through the Oklahoma Land-Grant Triangle that
includes a national sensor testing center in Ponca City, a biofuels and biotech
experiment station in Ardmore and the College of the Muscogee Nation in
Okmulgee. We expanded and stabilized our medical school in Tulsa to improve
patient care and place it on the cutting edge of telemedicine and advanced
techniques in rural health care.

All told, thanks to the dedicated work and support of the entire OSU family, we
can look back on these four years with satisfaction. OSU is enjoying tremendous
momentum and is in excellent hands with OSU Provost Marlene Strathe as interim
president.

Janet and I loved our time at OSU and in Oklahoma, and we will be forever
grateful for the opportunities and kindnesses shown to us by the wonderful
people of this great state. Go Pokes!

Schmidly is former Oklahoma State University System CEO and president.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OPINION

GRAPHIC: David Schmidly, outgoing Oklahoma State University president, discusses
the university's master plan during a presentation in 2005. - MATT STRASEN, THE
OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              March 4, 2007 Sunday
                                  City Edition

High grades at OSU ;
University builds momentum in satisfying four years

BYLINE: David J. Schmidly

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 630 words


It doesn't seem like four years since my wife, Janet, and I arrived at Oklahoma
State University with the assignment from the board of regents of developing a
strategic plan for one of the premier land-grant universities in the country. As
we prepare to say goodbye, it's appropriate to look back at our progress.

Four years ago, it was felt that OSU needed to move to the next level so that it
could help the state advance in this highly competitive international
marketplace. Our "Achieving Greatness" strategic plans examined how best to
focus our core missions of learning, discovery and engagement in a way that
would have the greatest impact on Oklahoma.

Appropriately, we developed a "Report Card" to measure our success, and we put
it on the Web for all to see. Education, we believed, must be fiscally
responsible, transparent and accountable for results.

The report card measures five years of performance for the entire university,
and while numbers tell the story, one big number speaks the loudest: nearly $850
million in private donations and public funds for new scholarships and
infrastructure.  Donors, alumni and taxpayers have made a solid investment in
the future of OSU, and they are getting a tremendous return.

Largely because of increased scholarships, we've improved the academic profile
of the typical incoming OSU student: The average freshman's ACT score has
improved each year, reaching 24.7 this year. While continuing to lead the state
in the number of valedictorians, we doubled the number of National Merit
Scholars, and our graduation rate increased nearly 8 percent.

We increased faculty salaries by 18 percent since 2002, introduced an optional
retirement system, improved benefits and added more than 100 faculty positions
through our "Restore, Reward, and Grow" initiative.

The most visible sign of our progress, of course, is an unprecedented amount of
construction. Thanks in large part to generous donors like T. Boone Pickens,
Sherman Smith, the Donald W. Reynolds Foundation, and Walt and Peggy Helmerich,
we've already secured 70 percent of the funding we'll need for more than $825
million in planned construction that will vastly improve academics, athletics,
student life and infrastructure. Most are aware we received the largest athletic
gift in NCAA history from Mr. Pickens, but many don't know we also secured the
largest academic gift in school history from Bill Spears, whose generosity
created the first fully endowed college at OSU.

We developed innovative partnerships with local community colleges in Stillwater
and Tulsa, and significantly increased the number of African-American and Native
American faculty and students, Hispanic students and female faculty. We raised
the university's profile through creative marketing, created a nationally
recognized parents association and promoted wellness.

We fortified OSU's economic impact through the Oklahoma Land-Grant Triangle that
includes a national sensor testing center in Ponca City, a biofuels and biotech
experiment station in Ardmore and the College of the Muscogee Nation in
Okmulgee. We expanded and stabilized our medical school in Tulsa to improve
patient care and place it on the cutting edge of telemedicine and advanced
techniques in rural health care.

All told, thanks to the dedicated work and support of the entire OSU family, we
can look back on these four years with satisfaction. OSU is enjoying tremendous
momentum and is in excellent hands with OSU Provost Marlene Strathe as interim
president.

Janet and I loved our time at OSU and in Oklahoma, and we will be forever
grateful for the opportunities and kindnesses shown to us by the wonderful
people of this great state. Go Pokes!

Schmidly is former Oklahoma State University System CEO and president.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OPINION

GRAPHIC: David Schmidly, outgoing Oklahoma State University president, discusses
the university's master plan during a presentation in 2005. - MATT STRASEN, THE
OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              912 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday

RENEW awards seed grants to four projects

LENGTH: 424  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York: State University of New York at Buffalo has issued the following news
release:



  Four research projects have been selected to receive funding from UB's RENEW
Institute, an interdisciplinary institute dedicated to solving complex
environmental problems.





 "These RENEW seed projects address exciting problems in urban infrastructure
and groundwater, air-pollution, green-infrastructure and stormwater management,
and development of lower-cost solar cells by interdisciplinary teams of UB
investigators working across decanal units," says Amit Goyal, director of RENEW,
which stands for Research and Education in eNergy, Environment and Water. "We
anticipate that each of these projects will lay the foundation for successful
grant applications in the areas of energy, environment and water
sustainability."



 Led by UB's Office of the Vice President for Research and Economic Development,
RENEW promotes interdisciplinary research activities to position UB as a global
leader in select areas of energy, environment and water.



 "Through RENEW's programming, these projects will further our research capacity
across energy, environment and water sustainability," says Venu Govindaraju,
vice president for research and economic development.



 RENEW's interdisciplinary focus -- involving the faculties of the School of
Architecture and Planning, College of Arts and Sciences, School of Engineering
and Applied Sciences, School of Law, School of Management, School of Public
Health and Health Professions and the Jacobs School of Medicine and Biomedical
Sciences -- is designed to foster new collaborations and produce new ideas.



 The initiative, which taps the leadership and vision of deans and more than 100
faculty members at these seven UB schools and colleges, plans to hire 15-20 new
faculty members over the next five years. RENEW's overarching goal is to advance
energy, water and environmental sustainability as a foundation for a
regenerative economy.  The institute will accomplish this goal via research and
education in five interdisciplinary scientific and technical focus areas that
have emerged from the strategic planning process: (1) Next-Generation Materials
and Technologies for Energy, Environment & Water; (2) Sustainable Urban
Environments; (3) Freshwater Coastal Ecosystems and the Blue Economy; (4)
Environmental Exposures, Genomes and Health; and (5) Climate Change & Socio-
Economic Impacts.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                           September 18, 2016 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

NU, medical center team up to promote Niagara Falls

BYLINE: Nancy A. Fischer; News Niagara Reporter

SECTION: NC,NC; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 736 words


NIAGARA FALLS - Medical tourism, increasing training for health care jobs and
bringing young people to work and live in the area are just some of the plans
that two of Niagara County's largest service organizations plan to work on
together.

The leaders of Niagara University and Niagara Falls Memorial Medical Center, two
institutions which each have each put millions of dollars of investment into the
community, have been meeting since 2014 to identify opportunities for increased
collaboration.

A memorandum of understanding to formalize the agreement was signed during a
ceremony at Niagara University's Niagara Global Tourism Institute on Sept. 9.

Joseph A. Ruffalo, president and CEO of Niagara Falls Memorial Medical Center,
said he envisions establishing a medical corridor in Niagara Falls, much like in
Buffalo, and will be working with Patrick Whalen, director of Niagara
University's Global Tourism Institute. Whalen worked with the Buffalo-Niagara
Medical Corridor and was responsible for a number of business incubators in
Buffalo.

Ruffalo said the medical center will work with Niagara University to seek
funding for their own business incubator near the hospital on Niagara Street.

"We're hoping to bring that expertise here to 10th Street to really build out a
regional medical corridor on 10th Street," he said.

He said Niagara University, the City of Niagara Falls and the hospital applied
for a $500,000 grant through Empire State Development to establish the business
incubator.

"It would be more than just medical, but medical would be large portion of
that," Ruffalo said of the incubator.

Medical tourism is also seen as a future initiative between the two
organizations.

Niagara Falls Memorial Medical Center already attracts Canadians to the Niagara
Falls area for high-tech, minimally invasive surgery, but by working with NU's
Niagara Global Tourism Institute they plan to explore and develop worldwide
marketing strategies, expanding the economic impact of both institutions.

Ruffalo said the Niagara University College of Hospitality is internationally
ranked with distribution points all over the world, which they would like to
plug into and offer medical packages in spinal surgery and complex
gastrosurgical procedures as well.

He said they have been working with Dr. Michael Stoffman, a native of London,
Ont., who is their hospital's chief of neurosurgery, and without any overt
outreach they have been reaching patients who are willing to come to the United
States.

"Over (in Canada) they have long waits for testing, long waits for diagnosis and
long waits to have their surgical procedures booked. Obviously there are people
that are willing to pay to get out of pain and improve the quality of their life
in a much more timely fashion," said Ruffalo.

"Medical tourism may seem like two terms that are mutually exclusive, but they
are a real concept and a driving force of many economies," said Stoffman.

He said he started operating on Canadian patients 10 years ago, and has seen
that business spread to other foreign patients by word of mouth.

"I think the potential is massive," said Stoffman.

Other future initiatives will include workforce development - training students
and job seekers for opportunities in the health care industry.

The plans also include working as economic engines in the Niagara region,
attracting a highly motivated and a gifted student body to the area and helping
them to take advantage of new career opportunities in healthcare and other
fields.

The initiative builds on relationships both already have with a robust student
internship program, a disability awareness training program at Niagara
University for health care workers and Memorial's Tenth Street Cafe, which is
the culmination of a nine-month effort by Niagara University's College of
Hospitality and Tourism and Canon Design to create a modern cafe at the
hospital.

Dr. Dena Radatz, assistant professor of criminology and criminal justice at
Niagara University also conducted a community needs assessment for Niagara Falls
Memorial's new Safe Harbor program at the Child Advocacy Center of Niagara.

More than 100 professionals responded regarding their experience working with
survivors of child trafficking.

The Rev. James Maher, president of Niagara University, said the partnership is
able to "strategically leverage" the collective resources of the two
organizations.

email: nfischer@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Norman Transcript (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 10, 2013 Wednesday

Early learning breakfast scheduled

BYLINE: The Norman Transcript, Okla.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 290 words


July 10--NORMAN -- The Norman Chamber of Commerce, along with Success by 6 and
Oklahoma Champions for Early Opportunities, will host the "Early Learning is
Good Business" breakfast from 8 to 9:30 a.m. July 17 at the J.D. McCarty Center.
This free event is open to the public.

Attendees will have an opportunity to learn more about how supporting the early
learning of young children provides a significant return on investment by saving
costs and increasing productivity.

This event will share the perspectives of diverse experts from our community.
The featured keynote speaker will be Bill Burgess, Chairman Elect of the
Oklahoma Business Roundtable.

A panel of local professionals will share their perspective on the economic
impact of early childhood investments.

"The return on investment from early childhood development is extraordinary,
resulting in better working public schools, more educated workers and less
crime," Arthur J. Rolnick, Senior Vice President & Director of Research, Federal
Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, said.

"Early childhood development programs are rarely portrayed as economic
development initiatives, and ... that is a mistake. In the future, any proposed
economic development ... should have early childhood education at the top," he
said.

To ensure a seat, register by July 12 by contacting Erica Millar at 321-7260 or
Erica@normanchamber.com

The project described is supported by Grant Number 90SC0008 from the Department
of Health and Human Services Administration for Children and Families issued
under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.

___ (c)2013 The Norman Transcript (Norman, Okla.) Visit The Norman Transcript
(Norman, Okla.) at www.normantranscript.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130710-NQ-Early-learning-breakfast-scheduled-0710-20130710

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NQ


                      Copyright 2013 The Norman Transcript


                              915 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            November 25, 2016 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

USF'S BIG BOOST TO ECONOMY

SECTION: NATIONAL; A TIMES EDITORIAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 513 words


While the University of South Florida has been ticking off in-house successes
such as endowment growth and an improving graduation rate, a new report finds
the school's strides are reverberating well beyond its campuses. A consultant
found USF through its innovation and economic development efforts generates more
than $400 million in statewide economic impact. That's an impressive figure,
reflecting what an asset USF is to the Tampa Bay area.

USF reached that mark by investing in research and entrepreneurship, and those
efforts account for more than 3,000 high-wage jobs yielding $149 million in
household income, $224 million in gross domestic product and $52 million in tax
revenues, according to the Washington Economics Group consulting firm. More
generally, the consultant said, USF has created a business environment that is
attractive to new companies and skilled professionals. It's the kind of
high-quality economic development the area needs and can build on for years to
come. It's also more effective than local government incentives that essentially
pay companies to move to or stay in Tampa Bay. Too often that approach has
created competition within the region for quality employers - to the exclusive
benefit of the employers.

USF's investments are visible in myriad other ways. The university ranked ninth
in the nation among public universities for U.S. patents granted in 2015. The 90
patents were awarded in such technologies as pharmaceutical drug delivery, solar
energy, medical devices, nanotechnology and specialized electronics - all
burgeoning fields in the new economy. It tallied a record-breaking $458.5
million in research grants and contracts during the 2015-16 academic year,
surpassing the previous year's mark by $18 million. And there's plenty more to
come. The USF Heart Health Institute and new medical school campus, a $153
million, 11-story complex coming to downtown Tampa, will be a landmark and a
source of quality jobs.

With all of its accomplishments, USF remains a well-rounded institution. It's
part of the state's new Complete Florida initiative, which aims to help the 2.8
million Floridians who have college credits but no degree transition back to
school and finish. Some 40 percent of USF students receive need-based Pell
grants. It has added dorm space and will have 7,000 students living on campus by
next year. Its freshman retention rate nears 90 percent, while this year's
freshman class was the strongest ever academically. USF is on the verge of
attaining "pre-eminent status" as a top-tier state university,while remaining
true to its mission as an accessible public institution that aims to serve the
entire region.

USF is reaping the rewards of its long-term investments in research, technology
and business incubation. So is the rest of Tampa Bay and Florida - to the tune
of a $400 million economic bump. That includes added tax revenue. But
high-paying jobs might be the most important piece of that pie, helping the
region expand beyond a service economy into one that supports families and fuels
quality growth.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2016 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

Regulatory update: Minnesota Public Utilities Commission; DOC DER, has issued (
15-985 ) REPLY COMMENTS--REVISED

LENGTH: 4769  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul:  Minnesota Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
document (docket):







 Daniel P. Wolf

 Executive Secretary

 Minnesota Public Utilities Commission

 121 7th Place East, Suite 350

 St. Paul, Minnesota 55101-2147

 RE: Reply Comments of the Minnesota Department of Commerce, Division of Energy

 Resources

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Dear Mr. Wolf:



 Attached are the reply comments of the Minnesota Department of Commerce,
Division of

 Energy Resources (Department) in the following matter:

 Petition for Approval of a Renewable*Connect Pilot Program.

 The petition was filed on November 12, 2015 by:

 Amy Liberkowski

 Manager, Regulatory Analysis

 Northern States Power Company

 414 Nicollet Mall

 Minneapolis, MN 55401

 The Department continues to recommend that the Minnesota Public Utilities
Commission

 (Commission) approve the petition with modifications and is available to answer
any

 questions the Commission may have.

 Sincerely,

 /s/ STEVE RAKOW

 Rates Analyst

 SR/lt

 Attachment

 BEFORE THE MINNESOTA PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 COMMENTS OF THE

 MINNESOTA DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE

 DIVISION OF ENERGY RESOURCES

 DOCKET NO. E002/M-15-985

 I. INTRODUCTION

 On November 12, 2015, Northern States Power Company d/b/a Xcel Energy (Xcel or
the

 Company) filed the Company's Petition For Approval of a Renewable*Connect Pilot
Program

 (Petition) with the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission (Commission). The
Petition stated

 that the Company proposed to offer customers the option to source their energy
from

 dedicated renewable sources. Customers would pay to receive wind and solar
energy, and

 the Company would retire the related renewable energy certificates (RECs) on
behalf of each

 customer. The Petition requested that the Commission:

 o approve the proposal for implementing Renewable*Connect (R*C) pilot program;

 o authorize the Company to dedicate a portion of recently contracted resources
to

 the R*C pilot; and

 o approve the Company's proposed R*C tariff and associated Customer Agreement.

 On December 22, 2015, at the request of the Minnesota Department of Commerce,
Division

 of Energy Resources (Department) the Commission issued its Notice Suspending
Comment

 Period which suspended the comment period for an indefinite duration.

 On May 13, 2016, comments were filed by Target Corporation.

 On September 7, 2016, comments were filed by the University of Minnesota.

 On September 21, 2016, Xcel filed the Company's Supplement to Petition for
Approval of a

 Renewable*Connect Pilot Program (Supplement). The Supplement requested that the


 Commission:

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 2

 o re-commence the comment period;

 o approve, with modifications, the Company's Petition;

 o approve the proposal for implementing a Renewable*Connect Government

 (R*CG) pilot program;

 o authorize the Company to dedicate a portion of recently contracted resources
to

 R*CG beyond the portion sought for R*C;

 o approve the proposed R*CG pilot program tariff and associated Service

 Agreement; and

 o authorize the Company's pilot tranche Service Agreement and Addendum with

 the Minnesota Department of Administration.

 On October 4, 2016 the Commission issued its Notice of Comment Period which
provided a

 due date of November 15, 2016 for comments and November 29, 2016 for reply

 comments. The Notice requested comments on the following topics:

 1. Should the Commission approve Xcel Energy's proposed R*C tariff and

 associated Customer Agreement?

 2. Should the Commission approve Xcel Energy's proposed R*CG tariff and

 associated Customer Agreement?

 3. Should the Commission grant Xcel Energy's November 12, 2015 Petition and

 authorize Xcel to dedicate a portion of recently contracted resources to the
R*C

 pilot program?

 4. Should the Commission grant Xcel Energy's September 21, 2016 Supplement

 to its initial Petition and authorize Xcel to dedicate an additional portion
from

 these resources to the R*CG pilot program?

 5. Should the Commission authorize Xcel's Pilot Tranche Service Agreement and

 Addendum with the Minnesota Department of Administration?

 6. Any other program-related issues or concerns, in regard to Xcel Energy's

 Petition?

 On October 28, 2016 Xcel filed a pricing update.

 On November 15, 2016 comments were filed by:

 o Advanced Energy Economy (AEE);

 o Department;

 o Energy Freedom Coalition of America (EFCA);1

 o Environmental Initiative;

 1 EFCA represents businesses that sell distributed energy products and
services.

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 3

 o Fresh Energy, Minnesota Center for Environmental Advocacy, and Wind on the

 Wires (collectively, the Clean Energy Organizations);

 o Office of the Attorney General - Residential Utilities and Antitrust Division
(OAG);

 o Sam's East, Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores East, LP (Wal-Mart);

 o Sundial Solar;

 o World Resources Institute (WRI); and

 o Xcel Large Industrials (XLI).2

 Below are the reply comments of the Department regarding certain issues raised
by the

 parties' comments.

 II. DEPARTMENT ANALYSIS

 A. REPLY TO CONCERNS ABOUT VAGUENESS OF NEUTRALITY ADJUSTMENT

 Wal-Mart recommends approval of Xcel's R*C Pilot subject to the condition that
the

 Commission reject the inclusion of costs related to the potential for stranded
resources or

 other adverse economic impacts in the neutrality adjustment. Wal-Mart bases
this

 recommendation upon the observation that:

 the inclusion of the "potential for stranded resources or other

 adverse economic impacts" is vague and ripe for the arbitrary

 assessment of hypothetical "costs" to participating customers.

 Additionally, the concept as described by NSP is asymmetrical,

 as it would charge participants for "adverse economic impacts,"

 but ostensibly would not credit participants for "positive

 economic impacts,"

 The OAG also express concerns regarding the vagueness of the neutrality
adjustment.

 As indicated in the Department's Comments at page 10, the Department agrees
with the

 OAG and Wal-Mart that Xcel's proposed neutrality adjustment is vague and
generally lacks

 needed information. However, one purpose of the pilot program is to develop
better

 information regarding the items covered by the neutrality adjustment. To reject
a portion of

 a pilot program, as Wal-Mart recommends, based upon lack of information when
one of the

 purposes of the pilot is to develop the needed information would make it
difficult for utilities

 to develop innovative ratemaking proposals. Further, as the Department noted,
it is

 important to minimize the impact of the program on nonparticipants. Therefore,
the

 Department recommends that the Commission not adopt Wal-Mart's recommendation
to

 exclude costs related to the potential for stranded resources or other adverse
economic

 impacts in the neutrality adjustment at this time. Instead the Commission
should allow Xcel

 to develop information on these items through the pilot program and bring those
issues, if

 any, back to the Commission in a compliance filing and allow the Commission to
make a

 2 XLI consists of CHS Inc.; Flint Hills Resources, LP; Gerdau Ameristeel US,
Inc.; USG Interiors, Inc.; and Unimin

 Corporation.

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 4

 final determination regarding the items in the neutrality adjustment at a later
date when

 better information is available.

 Moreover, as discussed below, some parties are concerned that the 75 MW R*C
pilot is too

 small. The Department opposes expanding R*C pilot until the concerns of
Wal-Mart, OAG,

 and the Department regarding the vagueness of the neutrality adjustment can be

 addressed. Finally, note that the Department's recommendation to expand the
R*CG pilot

 was made despite vagueness concerns to address any over-riding concerns
regarding

 designing a rate for a particular customer.

 Similar to concerns over the inability of the neutrality adjustment to prevent
Xcel from

 subsidizing ratepayers choosing to take service under R*C and R*CG, EFCA claims
that

 "ratepayers, who pay the costs of Xcel's monopoly utility functions, will
subsidize the cost of

 the Renewable*Connect programs even though they receive no benefit from them."
EFCA

 provides examples of "the costs of marketing the program through bill inserts,
its My

 Account web portal, and its key account managers will not be included in the
pricing of the

 Renewable*Connect programs." This assertion is incorrect since such costs will
be included

 in Xcel's administrative cost charge to participating customers; approximately
40 percent of

 the administrative charge in the first year relates to marketing expenses.3
EFCA provides no

 information that Xcel's administrative charge is unreasonable.

 B. REPLY TO RESOURCE ACQUISITION CONCERNS

 Wal-Mart recommends that "the full-fledged R*C program provide an option for
large

 customers to bring their own resources ('BYOR') to serve their facilities under
the program."

 In this instance Wal-Mart raises an issue of resource acquisition. The overall
goal of

 resource acquisition is to acquire the least cost resources for Xcel's
portfolio regardless of

 ownership. Xcel has well-established, Commission-approved resource acquisition
processes

 that allow Wal-Mart to participate. Furthermore, Wal-Mart's recommendation is
not for the

 pilot but for a final rate that might be proposed at a future date. Therefore,
the Department

 recommends that the Commission take no action on Wal-Mart's resource
acquisition

 recommendation at this time.

 EFCA's comments claim that Xcel's R*C and R*CG pilots provide an unfair
advantage to Xcel

 over EFCA's members. The Department notes that Xcel does not own solar
resources

 dedicated to R*C and R*CG. These resources were selected in a competitive
bidding

 process in which alternative providers of distributed energy products and
services had the

 opportunity to compete. If EFCA's members believe their products represent a
lower cost

 alternative, then they should compete in Xcel's resource acquisition processes
since the

 purpose of Xcel's competitive-bidding based resource acquisition process is to
allow a forum

 for alternative providers to compete.

 3 See Table 2 of Xcel's Petition.

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 5

 C. REPLY TO CONCERNS OF XCEL LARGE INDUSTRIALS

 The Commission's May 8, 2015 Findings of Fact, Conclusions, and Order (Docket
No.

 E002/GR-13-868) stated:

 While the Commission agrees that XLI's renewable-energypurchase

 tariff proposal merits further discussion, the

 Commission declines to set a specific deadline for Xcel to

 present a new tariff. Instead, the Commission will order the

 Company to work with XLI and other interested stakeholders to

 develop a renewable-energy-purchase program that addresses

 the goals outlined by XLI in this case.91 The program should also

 address the goals of creating demand for renewable energy

 beyond that required by the Renewable Energy Standard, Minn.

 Stat. § 216B.1691, and of meeting the reasonable-rate

 requirements of Minn. Stat. § 216B.03.

 91 The final tariff may, but need not, comply with the specific

 recommendations provided by XLI in Exhibit 260 (Pollock Direct) at pages

 61-62.

 Regarding this issue, XLI's comments state:

 XLI does not believe that this program complies with the 2014-

 2015 Rate Case Order quoted above. For example, this

 proposed program does not "address[] the goals outlined by XLI

 . . . such as increasing the competitiveness of industrial rates."

 As a remedy, XLI recommends that Xcel secure an additional tranche to "offer
large

 industrial customers the opportunity to capitalize on low-priced renewables in
order to keep

 industrial rates competitive."

 While XLI's support for low-cost renewable power is helpful, if Xcel were to
pursue such a

 proposal in the future, the Company would need to explain how such a proposal
would be

 consistent with the requirements of Minnesota Statute §216B.2422, subd. 2,
which

 requires examination of a utility's integrated resource plan in light of the
public interest and

 requires the utility to file "the least cost plan for meeting 50 and 75 percent
of all new and

 refurbished capacity needs through a combination of conservation and renewable
energy

 resources." Specifically, Xcel would need to show how a proposal to assign
low-cost

 renewable power only to some customers rather than the system as a whole would
be

 reasonable.

 D. REPLY TO ADDITIONALITY CONCERNS

 The comments of WRI discuss at length the concept of "additionality" (whether
the resource

 is new or has "already happened"). Also, AEE recommends a change to Xcel's
pilot to

 enable participants to access new, additional renewable energy. Finally, the
Clean Energy

 Organizations proposed modifications to Xcel's resource plan in the name of
additionality.

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 6

 In response, the Department notes several items. First, the Green Pricing
Statute

 (Minnesota Statute §216B.169) does not require "additionality." It requires
that customers

 have access to renewable energy resources.

 Second, under Minnesota's system of vertically-integrated utilities with
resource planning

 and input from both participants and market developments, it is not possible to
state with

 certainty whether or not new resources added to a utility's system would have
otherwise

 happened. For example, in exchange for allowing the Prairie Island nuclear
power plant to

 continue to produce power, Minnesota Statute §216B.2423 required Xcel in 1994
to

 acquire 225 MW of electric energy installed capacity generated by wind energy
conversion

 systems by the end of 1998, another 200 MW of installed capacity by the end of
2002, and

 required the Commission to add 400 MW more if consistent with resource planning


 requirements. At the time, the addition of 825 MW of resources over eight years
seemed

 immense; however, as Xcel gained experience with wind on its system and wind
costs

 decreased, Xcel has added much more wind resources to its system, recently
proposing to

 add that same amount in only two years.

 Similarly, Xcel's Community Solar Garden (CSG) projects likely would not have
occurred but

 for the Company's CSG program. Also, at the time the CSG program was initiated
Xcel did

 not have plans to add the amounts of solar that now is moving through the CSG
resource

 acquisition process. Thus, at the time the initial CSG projects were proposed
it would have

 been difficult to argue that the CSG projects were not additional. However,
once the CSG

 resource acquisition process was established it influenced future resource
acquisition needs

 through the resource planning process, considering the costs and attributes of
the

 resources.

 In Xcel's most recent resource plan (Docket No. E002/RP-15-21) the overall
target of 650

 MW of solar by 2020 was reasonable because, if the CSG program did not acquire
650 MW,

 the modeling indicated that the least-cost expansion plan would require other
solar projects

 to achieve the 650 MW target. Thus, once resource planning analysis was applied
to the

 CSG program, it was no longer possible to argue that the CSG process was
acquiring

 projects that were additional--CSG is merely displacing other solar projects in
Xcel's

 resource mix.

 In conclusion, it is not possible to apply a meaningful additionality criterion
to a resource

 when the resource plan determines that the project in question provides a
resource size,

 type, and timing that would have been selected anyway.4

 4 Forcing more or less of a particular resource into the expansion plan does
not necessarily result in a net

 addition or subtraction of capacity for that resource type. Concrete examples
are available in Attachment 2 of

 the Department's July 8, 2016 Comments in Docket No. E002/RP-15-21. Scenario
S1ACT under base case

 conditions adds 31 solar units--1,550 MW. The High Solar Garden contingency
forces 40 percent more CSG

 resources into Xcel's portfolio (about 250 MW in the years 2020 to 2023).
However, the resulting expansion

 plan for Scenario S1ACT under the High Solar Garden contingency adds only 26
solar units--1,300 MW; thus

 the increase in the CSG program merely offset other solar resources in the
expansion plan and the net amount

 of solar remained the same.

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 7

 Fourth, the Commission has required that renewable resources used for Green
Pricing

 cannot also be used to comply with the Renewable Energy Standard. Accordingly
and

 appropriately, Xcel proposes to retire the renewable energy credits on behalf
of customers

 who participate in the pilot. That is, the participating customers, not Xcel or
nonparticipating

 customers, will own the renewable energy credits. Thus, the fact remains that,

 to the extent that power produced by the Odell wind and North Star solar
generating stations

 is used for R*C and R*CG, that power cannot be used to comply with a renewable
energy

 standard or solar energy standard.

 Fifth, the Company's proposal is a pilot project; it is reasonable for Xcel not
to invest in a

 solar facility on speculation regarding the capacity that consumers will demand
through the

 R*C and R*CG pilots. Xcel is testing the market to determine the degree of
demand for

 green pricing.

 E. REPLY TO CAPACITY CREDIT CONCERNS

 Sundial Solar discusses the importance of the Solar Capacity Credit (SCC) to
the solar PV

 business . The SCC is being developed in the Standby Service Docket (Docket
Nos.

 E999/CI-15-115 and E002/M-13-315). Regarding the SCC Sundial Solar states:

 Xcel has understated these system benefits. In this program,

 Xcel is proposing a 2017 capacity credit of $3.00/kW-mo.,

 increasing in 2026 to only $3.67/kW-mo. Seeing the current

 Commission approved SCC is $5.15/kW-mo., we find this to be

 a huge miscalculation.

 In response the Department notes that Xcel's May 19, 2016 Petition in Docket
Nos.

 E999/CI-15-115 & E002/CI-13-315 in Figure 1 on page 11 states that the $5.15
per kW is

 equivalent to an annual credit of $51.50. While there are numerous complicating
factors,

 the $51.50 credit is related to the installed capacity of the solar facility.
In contrast, Xcel's

 October 28, 2016 pricing update at Attachment A, page 4 of 9 bases the
calculations upon

 a capacity credit of $68.90 per installed kW in 2017, rising to $84.10 per kW
by 2026.

 Therefore, the figures appear to be reasonably similar. In any event, under the
Green Pricing

 Statute the capacity credit in this proceeding must be designed to reflect "the
cost that

 would otherwise be attributed to the customer;" in other words, a mixture of
embedded and

 avoided costs that are reflected in the utility's rates. That is not the case
for the Standby

 Service Docket.

 The same effect can be seen in the same data for other scenarios. For instance,
scenario XCEL under base

 case conditions adds 30 solar units--1,500 MW. XCEL under the Low Solar Garden
contingency adds about

 250 MW less solar gardens but the expansion plan has 36 solar units--1,800 MW.
Again, the expansion plan

 adapted to the change in forced solar garden capacity by obtaining the solar
resources dropped from the solar

 garden program from expansion units. The net amount of solar remained
unchanged. Finally, the Department

 notes that mandating that renewables be added to system on a particular
schedule might actually result in a

 net decrease in overall renewable energy because of the system impacts of
adding the wrong resources at the

 wrong time.

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 8

 The OAG expresses concerns that Xcel proposes to provide a capacity credit to
R*C

 participants when Xcel already has sufficient capacity. In essence, they assert
that there is

 no avoided cost because there is nothing to avoid. In response, the Department
notes that

 the OAG would be correct if avoided cost were the statutory criteria. However,
in this case

 the Green Pricing Statute requires credits for "the cost that would otherwise
be attributed to

 the customer for the same amount of energy." Since a capacity cost is included
in the rates

 Xcel's customers pay for energy, R*C participants must receive a credit to
reflect the

 capacity costs embedded in Xcel's rates. At this time no party has provided an
alternative

 calculation of the capacity cost credit that is related to the costs embedded
in Xcel's rates.

 The Clean Energy Organizations also express concerns regarding supposed errors
in Xcel's

 calculations of the capacity credit. As with other comments on this issue, the
Clean Energy

 Organizations focus is on an attempt to determine the highest avoided cost.
However, the

 Green Pricing Statute mandates the Commission to use a cost different from
avoided cost.

 Specifically, the Green Pricing Statute requires that the credit reflect a
mixture of embedded

 and avoided costs that are reflected in the utility's rates. The Clean Energy
Organizations'

 comments do not address how their proposed modifications more appropriately
reflect the

 costs embedded in Xcel's current rates. The Clean Energy Organization helpfully
refer to the

 Commission's April 1, 2014 order in the value of solar proceeding (Docket No.
E999/M-14-

 65) where the Commission approved a method for determining avoided capacity
costs.

 However, an order approving a method for determining avoided costs is of little
value in a

 proceeding that is not attempting to determine an avoided cost.

 F. REPLY TO CONCERNS ABOUT THE SIZE OF R*C PILOT

 AEE's comments are somewhat confusing on the subject of the size of the R*C
pilot.

 Specifically, AEE's comments state a concern with the 75 MW limit on the R*C
pilot: "if the

 small pilot causes customers to not participate, Xcel will receive misleading
feedback on

 customer interest and will miss an opportunity to learn from customers'
experience in the

 program." However, AEE's comments then proceed to state "it is likely that 75
MW will be

 insufficient to meet demand." It is not clear to the Department how a 75MW
pilot can be a

 problem because it will simultaneously 1) not obtain enough participants,
resulting in

 misleading feedback and 2) be so small that it will be not be able to
accommodate all of the

 participants. In any event, unless there are over-riding statutory concerns,
the learning

 should take place before the pilot is expanded to a significant size. Also, as
noted above the

 Department opposes expanding R*C pilot until concerns regarding the vagueness
of the

 neutrality adjustment can be addressed.

 The OAG's comments express concerns regarding increasing the size of the R*C
pilot or

 opening subsequent tranches of the R*C pilot. Essentially, OAG is concerned
that Xcel

 might acquire, for example, 100 MW of wind and 50 MW of solar for a second R*C
tranche,

 only to discover that the majority of the 150 MW of new resources are not
required for the

 second tranche, and request other ratepayers to pay for the new resources which
may not

 be needed for the Company' system on a cost-basis. Elsewhere in these comments
the

 Department explains that it cannot be determined if resources are additional or
merely

 displacing otherwise-required resources. Therefore, any expansion of the pilot
carries the

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 9

 risk (of unknown probability) of acquiring unneeded resources. The Department
agrees with

 OAG that acquiring resources particularly for the R*C pilot without knowledge
of the degree

 of participation potentially creates a risk that other customers may be
requested to

 subsidize resources that would not otherwise be needed when the clear goal of
the Green

 Pricing Statute is to avoid such subsidies. Therefore, the current R*C pilot
should not be

 expanded and subsequent tranches should not be opened until better information
regarding

 customer demand is available (in addition to addressing the concerns regarding
the

 vagueness of the neutrality adjustment discussed above).

 G. REPLY TO RISK TRANSFER CONCERNS

 The OAG's comments expresses concerns that the R*C pilot may transfer risk from


 industrial customers to residential ratepayers. In response, the Department
notes that both

 residential and industrial customers may participate in the R*C pilot. However,
participation

 is available on a first-come, first-served basis. Therefore, in order for the
OAG's concerns to

 be fully addressed the Company's notice to customers regarding the R*C pilot
should be

 such that all customers have an equal chance to participate. That is, the pilot
should not be

 open for anyone to participate until after all customers have been notified of
the opportunity.

 Moreover, as noted above, to the extent that Xcel is unable to sell the power
from what

 would have been the North Dakota share of this resource, those costs remain for
Xcel's

 shareholders, not ratepayers, to pick up.

 H. REPLY TO SINGLE CUSTOMER RATE CONCERNS

 The OAG's comments express concerns with the appropriateness of the state of
Minnesota

 entering into special service contracts with a rate regulated monopoly. The
Department's

 comments essentially agree with the OAG's concerns and recommended that the

 Commission require Xcel to open a second tranche for the R*CG pilot as a tool
to avoid a

 utility designing rates for a single customer.

 I. REPLY TO QUALIFICATION AS GREEN PRICING

 The Clean Energy Organizations claim that R*C and R*CG pilots "would not
qualify green

 tariffs [sic]" and "our complaint is simply that, since there is no
additionality, Xcel's proposed

 pilot is not a green tariff." Above the Department explained that it is not
possible to show

 additionality in a system with vertically integrated utilities with resource
planning. Further,

 the Clean Energy Organizations base the claim that Xcel's tariffs are not green
pricing based

 upon an analysis of whether the R*C and R*CG pilots meet the World Resources
Institute's

 (WRI) corporate renewable energy buyers' principles. The Department is not
aware that the

 WRI's principles have replaced Minnesota Statutes. The Clean Energy
Organizations provide

 no information or analysis on any deficiencies in terms of the R*C and R*CG
proposals

 meeting Minnesota Statutes.

 J. REPLY TO ANTI-COMPETITIVE CONCERNS

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 10

 EFCA's comments argue that Xcel's proposed R*C and R*CG pilots are
anti-competitive

 because of Xcel's monopoly status and that "these anti-competitive advantages
would

 distort the industry and hamper competitive solar providers' ability to
continue to offer

 affordable and innovative solar products to Minnesotans." EFCA's arguments are
without

 merit for at least two reasons. First, Xcel is offering green pricing to
customers because the

 Green Pricing Statute requires utilities to make such options available.5
Second, as

 discussed in the Petition, the comments of the Department, and the comments of
other

 parties Xcel's current green pricing tariff may need to be altered as the
resources dedicated

 to Windsource expire. Therefore, it is advisable for the Company to engage in a
pilot

 program to test alternatives.

 III. DEPARTMENT RECOMMENDATION

 As stated in the Department's comments, the Department recommends that the

 Commission approve the Petition and Supplement and also recommends that the

 Commission require Xcel to open a second tranche for the R*CG pilot.

 /lt

 5 While EFCA points to the Green Pricing Statutes permissive language in
subdivision 2 "A utility may offer its

 customers one or more options..." However, the Commission's February 26, 2002
order in Docket No.

 E002/M-01-1479 states:

 The new law includes the following requirements.

 1. Each utility shall offer its customers, and shall advertise the offer at
least annually, one or

 more options that allow a customer to determine that a certain amount of the
electricity

 generated or purchased on behalf of the customer is renewable energy or energy
generated

 by high-efficiency, low emissions, distributed generation such as fuel cells
and microturbines

 fuel by a renewable fuel.

 Later the Commission imposed a requirement that Xcel "advertise its renewable
rate offer at least annually."

 Therefore, a green pricing program is required under the Commission's February
26, 2002 order.

 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

 I, Sharon Ferguson, hereby certify that I have this day, served copies of the

 following document on the attached list of persons by electronic filing,
certified

 mail, e-mail, or by depositing a true and correct copy thereof properly

 enveloped with postage paid in the United States Mail at St. Paul, Minnesota.

 Minnesota Department of Commerce

 Revised Reply Comments

 Docket No. G008/M-16-571

 Da

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

Regulatory update: Minnesota Public Utilities Commission; DOC DER, has issued (
15-985 ) REPLY COMMENTS--REVISED

LENGTH: 4769  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul:  Minnesota Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
document (docket):







 Daniel P. Wolf

 Executive Secretary

 Minnesota Public Utilities Commission

 121 7th Place East, Suite 350

 St. Paul, Minnesota 55101-2147

 RE: Reply Comments of the Minnesota Department of Commerce, Division of Energy

 Resources

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Dear Mr. Wolf:



 Attached are the reply comments of the Minnesota Department of Commerce,
Division of

 Energy Resources (Department) in the following matter:

 Petition for Approval of a Renewable*Connect Pilot Program.

 The petition was filed on November 12, 2015 by:

 Amy Liberkowski

 Manager, Regulatory Analysis

 Northern States Power Company

 414 Nicollet Mall

 Minneapolis, MN 55401

 The Department continues to recommend that the Minnesota Public Utilities
Commission

 (Commission) approve the petition with modifications and is available to answer
any

 questions the Commission may have.

 Sincerely,

 /s/ STEVE RAKOW

 Rates Analyst

 SR/lt

 Attachment

 BEFORE THE MINNESOTA PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 COMMENTS OF THE

 MINNESOTA DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE

 DIVISION OF ENERGY RESOURCES

 DOCKET NO. E002/M-15-985

 I. INTRODUCTION

 On November 12, 2015, Northern States Power Company d/b/a Xcel Energy (Xcel or
the

 Company) filed the Company's Petition For Approval of a Renewable*Connect Pilot
Program

 (Petition) with the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission (Commission). The
Petition stated

 that the Company proposed to offer customers the option to source their energy
from

 dedicated renewable sources. Customers would pay to receive wind and solar
energy, and

 the Company would retire the related renewable energy certificates (RECs) on
behalf of each

 customer. The Petition requested that the Commission:

 o approve the proposal for implementing Renewable*Connect (R*C) pilot program;

 o authorize the Company to dedicate a portion of recently contracted resources
to

 the R*C pilot; and

 o approve the Company's proposed R*C tariff and associated Customer Agreement.

 On December 22, 2015, at the request of the Minnesota Department of Commerce,
Division

 of Energy Resources (Department) the Commission issued its Notice Suspending
Comment

 Period which suspended the comment period for an indefinite duration.

 On May 13, 2016, comments were filed by Target Corporation.

 On September 7, 2016, comments were filed by the University of Minnesota.

 On September 21, 2016, Xcel filed the Company's Supplement to Petition for
Approval of a

 Renewable*Connect Pilot Program (Supplement). The Supplement requested that the


 Commission:

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 2

 o re-commence the comment period;

 o approve, with modifications, the Company's Petition;

 o approve the proposal for implementing a Renewable*Connect Government

 (R*CG) pilot program;

 o authorize the Company to dedicate a portion of recently contracted resources
to

 R*CG beyond the portion sought for R*C;

 o approve the proposed R*CG pilot program tariff and associated Service

 Agreement; and

 o authorize the Company's pilot tranche Service Agreement and Addendum with

 the Minnesota Department of Administration.

 On October 4, 2016 the Commission issued its Notice of Comment Period which
provided a

 due date of November 15, 2016 for comments and November 29, 2016 for reply

 comments. The Notice requested comments on the following topics:

 1. Should the Commission approve Xcel Energy's proposed R*C tariff and

 associated Customer Agreement?

 2. Should the Commission approve Xcel Energy's proposed R*CG tariff and

 associated Customer Agreement?

 3. Should the Commission grant Xcel Energy's November 12, 2015 Petition and

 authorize Xcel to dedicate a portion of recently contracted resources to the
R*C

 pilot program?

 4. Should the Commission grant Xcel Energy's September 21, 2016 Supplement

 to its initial Petition and authorize Xcel to dedicate an additional portion
from

 these resources to the R*CG pilot program?

 5. Should the Commission authorize Xcel's Pilot Tranche Service Agreement and

 Addendum with the Minnesota Department of Administration?

 6. Any other program-related issues or concerns, in regard to Xcel Energy's

 Petition?

 On October 28, 2016 Xcel filed a pricing update.

 On November 15, 2016 comments were filed by:

 o Advanced Energy Economy (AEE);

 o Department;

 o Energy Freedom Coalition of America (EFCA);1

 o Environmental Initiative;

 1 EFCA represents businesses that sell distributed energy products and
services.

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 3

 o Fresh Energy, Minnesota Center for Environmental Advocacy, and Wind on the

 Wires (collectively, the Clean Energy Organizations);

 o Office of the Attorney General - Residential Utilities and Antitrust Division
(OAG);

 o Sam's East, Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores East, LP (Wal-Mart);

 o Sundial Solar;

 o World Resources Institute (WRI); and

 o Xcel Large Industrials (XLI).2

 Below are the reply comments of the Department regarding certain issues raised
by the

 parties' comments.

 II. DEPARTMENT ANALYSIS

 A. REPLY TO CONCERNS ABOUT VAGUENESS OF NEUTRALITY ADJUSTMENT

 Wal-Mart recommends approval of Xcel's R*C Pilot subject to the condition that
the

 Commission reject the inclusion of costs related to the potential for stranded
resources or

 other adverse economic impacts in the neutrality adjustment. Wal-Mart bases
this

 recommendation upon the observation that:

 the inclusion of the "potential for stranded resources or other

 adverse economic impacts" is vague and ripe for the arbitrary

 assessment of hypothetical "costs" to participating customers.

 Additionally, the concept as described by NSP is asymmetrical,

 as it would charge participants for "adverse economic impacts,"

 but ostensibly would not credit participants for "positive

 economic impacts,"

 The OAG also express concerns regarding the vagueness of the neutrality
adjustment.

 As indicated in the Department's Comments at page 10, the Department agrees
with the

 OAG and Wal-Mart that Xcel's proposed neutrality adjustment is vague and
generally lacks

 needed information. However, one purpose of the pilot program is to develop
better

 information regarding the items covered by the neutrality adjustment. To reject
a portion of

 a pilot program, as Wal-Mart recommends, based upon lack of information when
one of the

 purposes of the pilot is to develop the needed information would make it
difficult for utilities

 to develop innovative ratemaking proposals. Further, as the Department noted,
it is

 important to minimize the impact of the program on nonparticipants. Therefore,
the

 Department recommends that the Commission not adopt Wal-Mart's recommendation
to

 exclude costs related to the potential for stranded resources or other adverse
economic

 impacts in the neutrality adjustment at this time. Instead the Commission
should allow Xcel

 to develop information on these items through the pilot program and bring those
issues, if

 any, back to the Commission in a compliance filing and allow the Commission to
make a

 2 XLI consists of CHS Inc.; Flint Hills Resources, LP; Gerdau Ameristeel US,
Inc.; USG Interiors, Inc.; and Unimin

 Corporation.

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 4

 final determination regarding the items in the neutrality adjustment at a later
date when

 better information is available.

 Moreover, as discussed below, some parties are concerned that the 75 MW R*C
pilot is too

 small. The Department opposes expanding R*C pilot until the concerns of
Wal-Mart, OAG,

 and the Department regarding the vagueness of the neutrality adjustment can be

 addressed. Finally, note that the Department's recommendation to expand the
R*CG pilot

 was made despite vagueness concerns to address any over-riding concerns
regarding

 designing a rate for a particular customer.

 Similar to concerns over the inability of the neutrality adjustment to prevent
Xcel from

 subsidizing ratepayers choosing to take service under R*C and R*CG, EFCA claims
that

 "ratepayers, who pay the costs of Xcel's monopoly utility functions, will
subsidize the cost of

 the Renewable*Connect programs even though they receive no benefit from them."
EFCA

 provides examples of "the costs of marketing the program through bill inserts,
its My

 Account web portal, and its key account managers will not be included in the
pricing of the

 Renewable*Connect programs." This assertion is incorrect since such costs will
be included

 in Xcel's administrative cost charge to participating customers; approximately
40 percent of

 the administrative charge in the first year relates to marketing expenses.3
EFCA provides no

 information that Xcel's administrative charge is unreasonable.

 B. REPLY TO RESOURCE ACQUISITION CONCERNS

 Wal-Mart recommends that "the full-fledged R*C program provide an option for
large

 customers to bring their own resources ('BYOR') to serve their facilities under
the program."

 In this instance Wal-Mart raises an issue of resource acquisition. The overall
goal of

 resource acquisition is to acquire the least cost resources for Xcel's
portfolio regardless of

 ownership. Xcel has well-established, Commission-approved resource acquisition
processes

 that allow Wal-Mart to participate. Furthermore, Wal-Mart's recommendation is
not for the

 pilot but for a final rate that might be proposed at a future date. Therefore,
the Department

 recommends that the Commission take no action on Wal-Mart's resource
acquisition

 recommendation at this time.

 EFCA's comments claim that Xcel's R*C and R*CG pilots provide an unfair
advantage to Xcel

 over EFCA's members. The Department notes that Xcel does not own solar
resources

 dedicated to R*C and R*CG. These resources were selected in a competitive
bidding

 process in which alternative providers of distributed energy products and
services had the

 opportunity to compete. If EFCA's members believe their products represent a
lower cost

 alternative, then they should compete in Xcel's resource acquisition processes
since the

 purpose of Xcel's competitive-bidding based resource acquisition process is to
allow a forum

 for alternative providers to compete.

 3 See Table 2 of Xcel's Petition.

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 5

 C. REPLY TO CONCERNS OF XCEL LARGE INDUSTRIALS

 The Commission's May 8, 2015 Findings of Fact, Conclusions, and Order (Docket
No.

 E002/GR-13-868) stated:

 While the Commission agrees that XLI's renewable-energypurchase

 tariff proposal merits further discussion, the

 Commission declines to set a specific deadline for Xcel to

 present a new tariff. Instead, the Commission will order the

 Company to work with XLI and other interested stakeholders to

 develop a renewable-energy-purchase program that addresses

 the goals outlined by XLI in this case.91 The program should also

 address the goals of creating demand for renewable energy

 beyond that required by the Renewable Energy Standard, Minn.

 Stat. § 216B.1691, and of meeting the reasonable-rate

 requirements of Minn. Stat. § 216B.03.

 91 The final tariff may, but need not, comply with the specific

 recommendations provided by XLI in Exhibit 260 (Pollock Direct) at pages

 61-62.

 Regarding this issue, XLI's comments state:

 XLI does not believe that this program complies with the 2014-

 2015 Rate Case Order quoted above. For example, this

 proposed program does not "address[] the goals outlined by XLI

 . . . such as increasing the competitiveness of industrial rates."

 As a remedy, XLI recommends that Xcel secure an additional tranche to "offer
large

 industrial customers the opportunity to capitalize on low-priced renewables in
order to keep

 industrial rates competitive."

 While XLI's support for low-cost renewable power is helpful, if Xcel were to
pursue such a

 proposal in the future, the Company would need to explain how such a proposal
would be

 consistent with the requirements of Minnesota Statute §216B.2422, subd. 2,
which

 requires examination of a utility's integrated resource plan in light of the
public interest and

 requires the utility to file "the least cost plan for meeting 50 and 75 percent
of all new and

 refurbished capacity needs through a combination of conservation and renewable
energy

 resources." Specifically, Xcel would need to show how a proposal to assign
low-cost

 renewable power only to some customers rather than the system as a whole would
be

 reasonable.

 D. REPLY TO ADDITIONALITY CONCERNS

 The comments of WRI discuss at length the concept of "additionality" (whether
the resource

 is new or has "already happened"). Also, AEE recommends a change to Xcel's
pilot to

 enable participants to access new, additional renewable energy. Finally, the
Clean Energy

 Organizations proposed modifications to Xcel's resource plan in the name of
additionality.

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 6

 In response, the Department notes several items. First, the Green Pricing
Statute

 (Minnesota Statute §216B.169) does not require "additionality." It requires
that customers

 have access to renewable energy resources.

 Second, under Minnesota's system of vertically-integrated utilities with
resource planning

 and input from both participants and market developments, it is not possible to
state with

 certainty whether or not new resources added to a utility's system would have
otherwise

 happened. For example, in exchange for allowing the Prairie Island nuclear
power plant to

 continue to produce power, Minnesota Statute §216B.2423 required Xcel in 1994
to

 acquire 225 MW of electric energy installed capacity generated by wind energy
conversion

 systems by the end of 1998, another 200 MW of installed capacity by the end of
2002, and

 required the Commission to add 400 MW more if consistent with resource planning


 requirements. At the time, the addition of 825 MW of resources over eight years
seemed

 immense; however, as Xcel gained experience with wind on its system and wind
costs

 decreased, Xcel has added much more wind resources to its system, recently
proposing to

 add that same amount in only two years.

 Similarly, Xcel's Community Solar Garden (CSG) projects likely would not have
occurred but

 for the Company's CSG program. Also, at the time the CSG program was initiated
Xcel did

 not have plans to add the amounts of solar that now is moving through the CSG
resource

 acquisition process. Thus, at the time the initial CSG projects were proposed
it would have

 been difficult to argue that the CSG projects were not additional. However,
once the CSG

 resource acquisition process was established it influenced future resource
acquisition needs

 through the resource planning process, considering the costs and attributes of
the

 resources.

 In Xcel's most recent resource plan (Docket No. E002/RP-15-21) the overall
target of 650

 MW of solar by 2020 was reasonable because, if the CSG program did not acquire
650 MW,

 the modeling indicated that the least-cost expansion plan would require other
solar projects

 to achieve the 650 MW target. Thus, once resource planning analysis was applied
to the

 CSG program, it was no longer possible to argue that the CSG process was
acquiring

 projects that were additional--CSG is merely displacing other solar projects in
Xcel's

 resource mix.

 In conclusion, it is not possible to apply a meaningful additionality criterion
to a resource

 when the resource plan determines that the project in question provides a
resource size,

 type, and timing that would have been selected anyway.4

 4 Forcing more or less of a particular resource into the expansion plan does
not necessarily result in a net

 addition or subtraction of capacity for that resource type. Concrete examples
are available in Attachment 2 of

 the Department's July 8, 2016 Comments in Docket No. E002/RP-15-21. Scenario
S1ACT under base case

 conditions adds 31 solar units--1,550 MW. The High Solar Garden contingency
forces 40 percent more CSG

 resources into Xcel's portfolio (about 250 MW in the years 2020 to 2023).
However, the resulting expansion

 plan for Scenario S1ACT under the High Solar Garden contingency adds only 26
solar units--1,300 MW; thus

 the increase in the CSG program merely offset other solar resources in the
expansion plan and the net amount

 of solar remained the same.

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 7

 Fourth, the Commission has required that renewable resources used for Green
Pricing

 cannot also be used to comply with the Renewable Energy Standard. Accordingly
and

 appropriately, Xcel proposes to retire the renewable energy credits on behalf
of customers

 who participate in the pilot. That is, the participating customers, not Xcel or
nonparticipating

 customers, will own the renewable energy credits. Thus, the fact remains that,

 to the extent that power produced by the Odell wind and North Star solar
generating stations

 is used for R*C and R*CG, that power cannot be used to comply with a renewable
energy

 standard or solar energy standard.

 Fifth, the Company's proposal is a pilot project; it is reasonable for Xcel not
to invest in a

 solar facility on speculation regarding the capacity that consumers will demand
through the

 R*C and R*CG pilots. Xcel is testing the market to determine the degree of
demand for

 green pricing.

 E. REPLY TO CAPACITY CREDIT CONCERNS

 Sundial Solar discusses the importance of the Solar Capacity Credit (SCC) to
the solar PV

 business . The SCC is being developed in the Standby Service Docket (Docket
Nos.

 E999/CI-15-115 and E002/M-13-315). Regarding the SCC Sundial Solar states:

 Xcel has understated these system benefits. In this program,

 Xcel is proposing a 2017 capacity credit of $3.00/kW-mo.,

 increasing in 2026 to only $3.67/kW-mo. Seeing the current

 Commission approved SCC is $5.15/kW-mo., we find this to be

 a huge miscalculation.

 In response the Department notes that Xcel's May 19, 2016 Petition in Docket
Nos.

 E999/CI-15-115 & E002/CI-13-315 in Figure 1 on page 11 states that the $5.15
per kW is

 equivalent to an annual credit of $51.50. While there are numerous complicating
factors,

 the $51.50 credit is related to the installed capacity of the solar facility.
In contrast, Xcel's

 October 28, 2016 pricing update at Attachment A, page 4 of 9 bases the
calculations upon

 a capacity credit of $68.90 per installed kW in 2017, rising to $84.10 per kW
by 2026.

 Therefore, the figures appear to be reasonably similar. In any event, under the
Green Pricing

 Statute the capacity credit in this proceeding must be designed to reflect "the
cost that

 would otherwise be attributed to the customer;" in other words, a mixture of
embedded and

 avoided costs that are reflected in the utility's rates. That is not the case
for the Standby

 Service Docket.

 The same effect can be seen in the same data for other scenarios. For instance,
scenario XCEL under base

 case conditions adds 30 solar units--1,500 MW. XCEL under the Low Solar Garden
contingency adds about

 250 MW less solar gardens but the expansion plan has 36 solar units--1,800 MW.
Again, the expansion plan

 adapted to the change in forced solar garden capacity by obtaining the solar
resources dropped from the solar

 garden program from expansion units. The net amount of solar remained
unchanged. Finally, the Department

 notes that mandating that renewables be added to system on a particular
schedule might actually result in a

 net decrease in overall renewable energy because of the system impacts of
adding the wrong resources at the

 wrong time.

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 8

 The OAG expresses concerns that Xcel proposes to provide a capacity credit to
R*C

 participants when Xcel already has sufficient capacity. In essence, they assert
that there is

 no avoided cost because there is nothing to avoid. In response, the Department
notes that

 the OAG would be correct if avoided cost were the statutory criteria. However,
in this case

 the Green Pricing Statute requires credits for "the cost that would otherwise
be attributed to

 the customer for the same amount of energy." Since a capacity cost is included
in the rates

 Xcel's customers pay for energy, R*C participants must receive a credit to
reflect the

 capacity costs embedded in Xcel's rates. At this time no party has provided an
alternative

 calculation of the capacity cost credit that is related to the costs embedded
in Xcel's rates.

 The Clean Energy Organizations also express concerns regarding supposed errors
in Xcel's

 calculations of the capacity credit. As with other comments on this issue, the
Clean Energy

 Organizations focus is on an attempt to determine the highest avoided cost.
However, the

 Green Pricing Statute mandates the Commission to use a cost different from
avoided cost.

 Specifically, the Green Pricing Statute requires that the credit reflect a
mixture of embedded

 and avoided costs that are reflected in the utility's rates. The Clean Energy
Organizations'

 comments do not address how their proposed modifications more appropriately
reflect the

 costs embedded in Xcel's current rates. The Clean Energy Organization helpfully
refer to the

 Commission's April 1, 2014 order in the value of solar proceeding (Docket No.
E999/M-14-

 65) where the Commission approved a method for determining avoided capacity
costs.

 However, an order approving a method for determining avoided costs is of little
value in a

 proceeding that is not attempting to determine an avoided cost.

 F. REPLY TO CONCERNS ABOUT THE SIZE OF R*C PILOT

 AEE's comments are somewhat confusing on the subject of the size of the R*C
pilot.

 Specifically, AEE's comments state a concern with the 75 MW limit on the R*C
pilot: "if the

 small pilot causes customers to not participate, Xcel will receive misleading
feedback on

 customer interest and will miss an opportunity to learn from customers'
experience in the

 program." However, AEE's comments then proceed to state "it is likely that 75
MW will be

 insufficient to meet demand." It is not clear to the Department how a 75MW
pilot can be a

 problem because it will simultaneously 1) not obtain enough participants,
resulting in

 misleading feedback and 2) be so small that it will be not be able to
accommodate all of the

 participants. In any event, unless there are over-riding statutory concerns,
the learning

 should take place before the pilot is expanded to a significant size. Also, as
noted above the

 Department opposes expanding R*C pilot until concerns regarding the vagueness
of the

 neutrality adjustment can be addressed.

 The OAG's comments express concerns regarding increasing the size of the R*C
pilot or

 opening subsequent tranches of the R*C pilot. Essentially, OAG is concerned
that Xcel

 might acquire, for example, 100 MW of wind and 50 MW of solar for a second R*C
tranche,

 only to discover that the majority of the 150 MW of new resources are not
required for the

 second tranche, and request other ratepayers to pay for the new resources which
may not

 be needed for the Company' system on a cost-basis. Elsewhere in these comments
the

 Department explains that it cannot be determined if resources are additional or
merely

 displacing otherwise-required resources. Therefore, any expansion of the pilot
carries the

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 9

 risk (of unknown probability) of acquiring unneeded resources. The Department
agrees with

 OAG that acquiring resources particularly for the R*C pilot without knowledge
of the degree

 of participation potentially creates a risk that other customers may be
requested to

 subsidize resources that would not otherwise be needed when the clear goal of
the Green

 Pricing Statute is to avoid such subsidies. Therefore, the current R*C pilot
should not be

 expanded and subsequent tranches should not be opened until better information
regarding

 customer demand is available (in addition to addressing the concerns regarding
the

 vagueness of the neutrality adjustment discussed above).

 G. REPLY TO RISK TRANSFER CONCERNS

 The OAG's comments expresses concerns that the R*C pilot may transfer risk from


 industrial customers to residential ratepayers. In response, the Department
notes that both

 residential and industrial customers may participate in the R*C pilot. However,
participation

 is available on a first-come, first-served basis. Therefore, in order for the
OAG's concerns to

 be fully addressed the Company's notice to customers regarding the R*C pilot
should be

 such that all customers have an equal chance to participate. That is, the pilot
should not be

 open for anyone to participate until after all customers have been notified of
the opportunity.

 Moreover, as noted above, to the extent that Xcel is unable to sell the power
from what

 would have been the North Dakota share of this resource, those costs remain for
Xcel's

 shareholders, not ratepayers, to pick up.

 H. REPLY TO SINGLE CUSTOMER RATE CONCERNS

 The OAG's comments express concerns with the appropriateness of the state of
Minnesota

 entering into special service contracts with a rate regulated monopoly. The
Department's

 comments essentially agree with the OAG's concerns and recommended that the

 Commission require Xcel to open a second tranche for the R*CG pilot as a tool
to avoid a

 utility designing rates for a single customer.

 I. REPLY TO QUALIFICATION AS GREEN PRICING

 The Clean Energy Organizations claim that R*C and R*CG pilots "would not
qualify green

 tariffs [sic]" and "our complaint is simply that, since there is no
additionality, Xcel's proposed

 pilot is not a green tariff." Above the Department explained that it is not
possible to show

 additionality in a system with vertically integrated utilities with resource
planning. Further,

 the Clean Energy Organizations base the claim that Xcel's tariffs are not green
pricing based

 upon an analysis of whether the R*C and R*CG pilots meet the World Resources
Institute's

 (WRI) corporate renewable energy buyers' principles. The Department is not
aware that the

 WRI's principles have replaced Minnesota Statutes. The Clean Energy
Organizations provide

 no information or analysis on any deficiencies in terms of the R*C and R*CG
proposals

 meeting Minnesota Statutes.

 J. REPLY TO ANTI-COMPETITIVE CONCERNS

 Docket No. E002/M-15-985

 Analyst assigned: Steve Rakow

 Page 10

 EFCA's comments argue that Xcel's proposed R*C and R*CG pilots are
anti-competitive

 because of Xcel's monopoly status and that "these anti-competitive advantages
would

 distort the industry and hamper competitive solar providers' ability to
continue to offer

 affordable and innovative solar products to Minnesotans." EFCA's arguments are
without

 merit for at least two reasons. First, Xcel is offering green pricing to
customers because the

 Green Pricing Statute requires utilities to make such options available.5
Second, as

 discussed in the Petition, the comments of the Department, and the comments of
other

 parties Xcel's current green pricing tariff may need to be altered as the
resources dedicated

 to Windsource expire. Therefore, it is advisable for the Company to engage in a
pilot

 program to test alternatives.

 III. DEPARTMENT RECOMMENDATION

 As stated in the Department's comments, the Department recommends that the

 Commission approve the Petition and Supplement and also recommends that the

 Commission require Xcel to open a second tranche for the R*CG pilot.

 /lt

 5 While EFCA points to the Green Pricing Statutes permissive language in
subdivision 2 "A utility may offer its

 customers one or more options..." However, the Commission's February 26, 2002
order in Docket No.

 E002/M-01-1479 states:

 The new law includes the following requirements.

 1. Each utility shall offer its customers, and shall advertise the offer at
least annually, one or

 more options that allow a customer to determine that a certain amount of the
electricity

 generated or purchased on behalf of the customer is renewable energy or energy
generated

 by high-efficiency, low emissions, distributed generation such as fuel cells
and microturbines

 fuel by a renewable fuel.

 Later the Commission imposed a requirement that Xcel "advertise its renewable
rate offer at least annually."

 Therefore, a green pricing program is required under the Commission's February
26, 2002 order.

 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

 I, Sharon Ferguson, hereby certify that I have this day, served copies of the

 following document on the attached list of persons by electronic filing,
certified

 mail, e-mail, or by depositing a true and correct copy thereof properly

 enveloped with postage paid in the United States Mail at St. Paul, Minnesota.

 Minnesota Department of Commerce

 Revised Reply Comments

 Docket No. G008/M-16-571

 Da

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                            December 27, 2009 Sunday

Pennsylvanians launch new chapter in elk conservation

BYLINE: Public Opinion Online

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 928 words


MISSOULA, Mont. -- Pennsylvania has broken into a Top 10 list of places to find
monster elk, a historic indicator of successful habitat and management efforts.

Keeping that conservation momentum going, both at home and across the U.S., is
the goal of a newly launched Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation chapter in
Bloomsburg/Danville, Pa.

"Elk have roamed the Keystone State since 1913 after a successful restoration
effort led by a young Pennsylvania Game Commission, but this is Pennsylvania's
first-ever Top 10 appearance in Boone and Crockett Club records, and that's a
big deal," said David Allen, the foundation president and CEO. Pennsylvania is
the only eastern state or province on the Boone and Crockett Club's Top 10
lists.

The Boone and Crockett Club has kept trophy records of North American game since
1830. In the 169 years preceding 2000, Pennsylvania produced zero record-class
elk.

In 2001, Pennsylvania held its first elk hunt in more than seven decades.
Between then and now, the club's prestigious records book has gained four bulls
from the state, which ties it with California as America's 10th most productive
trophy elk state in the new millennium. (See breakouts of full lists of Top 10
Boone and Crockett elk states).

"The Game Commission's efforts to improve habitat within the elk range in
Pennsylvania has been greatly supported by the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation and
its numerous Commonwealth chapters," said Carl Roe, executive director of PGC.
"We welcome the newest RMEF chapter and look forward to working with them as
partners for elk habitat."

Roe recently announced that Pennsylvania's special elk tag will be auctioned at
the RMEF Elk Camp & Hunting, Fishing and Outdoor Expo in Reno, Nev., in March.
Funds raised will support the agency's conservation programs.

Since 1991, PGC has worked with the foundation to complete more than 175
different projects to enhance and protect in excess of 14,800 acres, open 8,088
acres for public access, fund research and management initiatives, educate
students and promote Pennsylvania's hunting and conservation heritage.

Statewide, the partners have spent more than $14.4 million on elk conservation
and education projects in Pennsylvania.

Sample highlights of how RMEF funding has been used in Pennsylvania are:

- Land acquisitions -- To help buy 1,533 acres now included in State Game Lands
311 in the heart of Pennsylvania's elk country; 217 acres at the confluence of
Hicks Run and the Bennett Branch to lands managed by the state Bureau of
Forestry; and 536 acres of key habitat in Cameron County between the Driftwood
and Sinnemahoning branches of Sinnemahoning Creek, now part of the 200,000-acre
Elk State Forest. Also, to help buy and reclaim mining sites on the 4,100-acre
New Garden property between Sproul and Moshannon state forests. A 1,378-acre
property, Kettle Creek, was bought by the foundation and conveyed to the state
for inclusion in Sproul State Forest.

- Elk herd expansion and monitoring -- A three-year trap-and-transfer project to
relocate elk, expand their range and reduce conflicts with other land uses in
Sproul State Forest. Money also helps develop and maintain forage openings for
elk.

- Economic impact study -- A four-year study (1997-2001) in partnership with
Penn State to identify economic impact of elk on tourism in north-central
Pennsylvania.

- Elk habitat research -- Research in 2006 on preferred calving sites, forage
and ranges of elk in Pennsylvania.

- Pennsylvania Elk Country Visitor Center -- $2.4 million for construction of
the largest elk watching and conservation education center in the eastern United
States.

- Conservation education -- Wildlife viewing sites, mobile exhibit of elk and
elk hunting, scholarship funding to Pennsylvania Institute for Conservation
Education, and more than 100 workshops, clinics and programs for Pennsylvania
youths and women.

The newly chartered Bloomsburg/Danville chapter is planning its first annual
banquet for Feb. 20. For more info, call Allen Wetzel at (570) 374-2588, or
visit http://www.rmef.org . A portion of local proceeds will fund a state grants
program for continuing conservation and education projects in Pennsylvania.

"Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation banquets are always a good time for a great
cause, which is why the organization has grown to over 150,000 members, impacted
over 5.7 million acres of habitat nationwide, and become one of America's
premier forces for conservation. We're proud that Columbia and Montour counties
are now an official part of the movement," said Dan Honaberger, volunteer
chairman for the new chapter.

Montana based, RMEF focuses on habitat conservation and was a major partner in
restoring wild elk herds to Kentucky, Tennessee, Wisconsin and Great Smoky
Mountains National Park. Top 10

Here are the top 10 American elk-viewing state lists, along with actual entries
into Boone and Crockett records (typical and non-typical combined):

American Elk, 1830-1999

1. Arizona, 135

2. Montana, 128

3. Wyoming, 90

4. Idaho, 69

5. Colorado, 62

6. New Mexico, 52

7. Alberta, 38

8. Utah, 32

9. Nevada, 27

10. Oregon, 21

American Elk, 2000-2009

1. Utah, 120

2. Arizona, 86

3. Montana, 49

4. Nevada, 47

5. Wyoming, 45

6. New Mexico, 38

7. Alberta, 10

8. Idaho, 8

9. Washington, 7

10. (tie) California, 4; Pennsylvania, 4

About the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation: RMEF is leading an elk country
initiative that has conserved or enhanced habitat on more than 5.7 million
acres. RMEF also works to open, secure and improve public access for hunting,
fishing and other recreation. Information: http://www.rmef.org .

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

UGA president unveils need-based scholarship matching program during State of
the University

LENGTH: 616  words

DATELINE: New York



 Athens: The University of Georgia has issued the following news release:



    To increase the number of need-based scholarships offered by the University
of Georgia, President Jere W. Morehead unveiled the Georgia Commitment
Scholarship Program Wednesday during his annual State of the University address
at the UGA Chapel.





 Under the program, the UGA Foundation will match any gift to the university in
the amount of $50,000, $75,000 or $100,000 to establish an endowed need-based
scholarship. This initiative is expected to create as many as 400 to 600 new
annual scholarships.



 "Scholarships are life-changing," Morehead said. "They remove barriers and open
doors. They create for our students and their families pathways to futures that
would otherwise be unreachable."



 Morehead thanked the Robert W. Woodruff Foundation for its "transformative"
gift of $30 million for need-based scholarships as the university announced its
$1.2 billion Commit to Georgia campaign in November. He said he hopes this
amazing gift inspires alumni and friends of the university to reach new levels
of support for need-based aid.



 Alumnus Pete Correll, former CEO of Georgia Pacific, UGA Foundation emeritus
trustee and honorary co-chair-along with his wife Ada Lee-of the Commit to
Georgia campaign, believes the new matching program will resonate with
supporters of the institution. "The Georgia Commitment Scholarship Program is
going to create opportunities for so many future students at our state's
flagship university," Correll said. "Supporting this program is an incredible
way for UGA alumni and supporters to make a real difference in the lives of
students and families all across Georgia."



 "Financial hardships can inhibit students' opportunities to join organizations,
volunteer or complete internships," said alumna Allison Ausband, UGA Foundation
trustee and senior vice president for Delta. "Those experiences outside of the
classroom helped shaped my daughter's UGA education, and this amazing program
will help more students prepare for their careers and build good networks to be
successful after graduation."



 In his address, Morehead emphasized that "the university is more invested now
than ever before in the communities of this state." He noted that the Small
Business Development Center helped to create more than 3,300 new jobs last year
and that the latest study estimates UGA's annual economic impact on the state at
$5.25 billion.



 Morehead also announced a new task force during his address-called the
President's Task Force on Student Learning and Success-assembled to identify new
opportunities to futher strengthen the university's world-class undergraduate
learning environment.



 Vice President for Instruction Rahul Shrivastav and Vice President for Student
Affairs Victor Wilson will co-chair the task force. "The work of the task force
will guide our longstanding commitment to create the highest quality
undergraduate experience possible at the University of Georgia," Morehead said.



 In addition, the UGA president unveiled a new interdisciplinary seed grant
program to award competitive grants to multidisciplinary teams of researchers to
tackle grand challenges aligned with UGA's research strengths as a land-grant
institution.



 "As we forge ahead," Morehead concluded, "we do so supported by our great
tradition but untethered to it-reaching beyond the status quo, soaring toward
greatness at the highest level, guided by the belief that the University of
Georgia is essential to a strong state of Georgia, to a vibrant nation, and to a
better world."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

UGA president unveils need-based scholarship matching program during State of
the University

LENGTH: 616  words

DATELINE: New York



 Athens: The University of Georgia has issued the following news release:



    To increase the number of need-based scholarships offered by the University
of Georgia, President Jere W. Morehead unveiled the Georgia Commitment
Scholarship Program Wednesday during his annual State of the University address
at the UGA Chapel.





 Under the program, the UGA Foundation will match any gift to the university in
the amount of $50,000, $75,000 or $100,000 to establish an endowed need-based
scholarship. This initiative is expected to create as many as 400 to 600 new
annual scholarships.



 "Scholarships are life-changing," Morehead said. "They remove barriers and open
doors. They create for our students and their families pathways to futures that
would otherwise be unreachable."



 Morehead thanked the Robert W. Woodruff Foundation for its "transformative"
gift of $30 million for need-based scholarships as the university announced its
$1.2 billion Commit to Georgia campaign in November. He said he hopes this
amazing gift inspires alumni and friends of the university to reach new levels
of support for need-based aid.



 Alumnus Pete Correll, former CEO of Georgia Pacific, UGA Foundation emeritus
trustee and honorary co-chair-along with his wife Ada Lee-of the Commit to
Georgia campaign, believes the new matching program will resonate with
supporters of the institution. "The Georgia Commitment Scholarship Program is
going to create opportunities for so many future students at our state's
flagship university," Correll said. "Supporting this program is an incredible
way for UGA alumni and supporters to make a real difference in the lives of
students and families all across Georgia."



 "Financial hardships can inhibit students' opportunities to join organizations,
volunteer or complete internships," said alumna Allison Ausband, UGA Foundation
trustee and senior vice president for Delta. "Those experiences outside of the
classroom helped shaped my daughter's UGA education, and this amazing program
will help more students prepare for their careers and build good networks to be
successful after graduation."



 In his address, Morehead emphasized that "the university is more invested now
than ever before in the communities of this state." He noted that the Small
Business Development Center helped to create more than 3,300 new jobs last year
and that the latest study estimates UGA's annual economic impact on the state at
$5.25 billion.



 Morehead also announced a new task force during his address-called the
President's Task Force on Student Learning and Success-assembled to identify new
opportunities to futher strengthen the university's world-class undergraduate
learning environment.



 Vice President for Instruction Rahul Shrivastav and Vice President for Student
Affairs Victor Wilson will co-chair the task force. "The work of the task force
will guide our longstanding commitment to create the highest quality
undergraduate experience possible at the University of Georgia," Morehead said.



 In addition, the UGA president unveiled a new interdisciplinary seed grant
program to award competitive grants to multidisciplinary teams of researchers to
tackle grand challenges aligned with UGA's research strengths as a land-grant
institution.



 "As we forge ahead," Morehead concluded, "we do so supported by our great
tradition but untethered to it-reaching beyond the status quo, soaring toward
greatness at the highest level, guided by the belief that the University of
Georgia is essential to a strong state of Georgia, to a vibrant nation, and to a
better world."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

UGA president unveils need-based scholarship matching program during State of
the University

LENGTH: 616  words

DATELINE: New York



 Athens: The University of Georgia has issued the following news release:



    To increase the number of need-based scholarships offered by the University
of Georgia, President Jere W. Morehead unveiled the Georgia Commitment
Scholarship Program Wednesday during his annual State of the University address
at the UGA Chapel.





 Under the program, the UGA Foundation will match any gift to the university in
the amount of $50,000, $75,000 or $100,000 to establish an endowed need-based
scholarship. This initiative is expected to create as many as 400 to 600 new
annual scholarships.



 "Scholarships are life-changing," Morehead said. "They remove barriers and open
doors. They create for our students and their families pathways to futures that
would otherwise be unreachable."



 Morehead thanked the Robert W. Woodruff Foundation for its "transformative"
gift of $30 million for need-based scholarships as the university announced its
$1.2 billion Commit to Georgia campaign in November. He said he hopes this
amazing gift inspires alumni and friends of the university to reach new levels
of support for need-based aid.



 Alumnus Pete Correll, former CEO of Georgia Pacific, UGA Foundation emeritus
trustee and honorary co-chair-along with his wife Ada Lee-of the Commit to
Georgia campaign, believes the new matching program will resonate with
supporters of the institution. "The Georgia Commitment Scholarship Program is
going to create opportunities for so many future students at our state's
flagship university," Correll said. "Supporting this program is an incredible
way for UGA alumni and supporters to make a real difference in the lives of
students and families all across Georgia."



 "Financial hardships can inhibit students' opportunities to join organizations,
volunteer or complete internships," said alumna Allison Ausband, UGA Foundation
trustee and senior vice president for Delta. "Those experiences outside of the
classroom helped shaped my daughter's UGA education, and this amazing program
will help more students prepare for their careers and build good networks to be
successful after graduation."



 In his address, Morehead emphasized that "the university is more invested now
than ever before in the communities of this state." He noted that the Small
Business Development Center helped to create more than 3,300 new jobs last year
and that the latest study estimates UGA's annual economic impact on the state at
$5.25 billion.



 Morehead also announced a new task force during his address-called the
President's Task Force on Student Learning and Success-assembled to identify new
opportunities to futher strengthen the university's world-class undergraduate
learning environment.



 Vice President for Instruction Rahul Shrivastav and Vice President for Student
Affairs Victor Wilson will co-chair the task force. "The work of the task force
will guide our longstanding commitment to create the highest quality
undergraduate experience possible at the University of Georgia," Morehead said.



 In addition, the UGA president unveiled a new interdisciplinary seed grant
program to award competitive grants to multidisciplinary teams of researchers to
tackle grand challenges aligned with UGA's research strengths as a land-grant
institution.



 "As we forge ahead," Morehead concluded, "we do so supported by our great
tradition but untethered to it-reaching beyond the status quo, soaring toward
greatness at the highest level, guided by the belief that the University of
Georgia is essential to a strong state of Georgia, to a vibrant nation, and to a
better world."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              922 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

UGA president unveils need-based scholarship matching program during State of
the University

LENGTH: 616  words

DATELINE: New York



 Athens: The University of Georgia has issued the following news release:



    To increase the number of need-based scholarships offered by the University
of Georgia, President Jere W. Morehead unveiled the Georgia Commitment
Scholarship Program Wednesday during his annual State of the University address
at the UGA Chapel.





 Under the program, the UGA Foundation will match any gift to the university in
the amount of $50,000, $75,000 or $100,000 to establish an endowed need-based
scholarship. This initiative is expected to create as many as 400 to 600 new
annual scholarships.



 "Scholarships are life-changing," Morehead said. "They remove barriers and open
doors. They create for our students and their families pathways to futures that
would otherwise be unreachable."



 Morehead thanked the Robert W. Woodruff Foundation for its "transformative"
gift of $30 million for need-based scholarships as the university announced its
$1.2 billion Commit to Georgia campaign in November. He said he hopes this
amazing gift inspires alumni and friends of the university to reach new levels
of support for need-based aid.



 Alumnus Pete Correll, former CEO of Georgia Pacific, UGA Foundation emeritus
trustee and honorary co-chair-along with his wife Ada Lee-of the Commit to
Georgia campaign, believes the new matching program will resonate with
supporters of the institution. "The Georgia Commitment Scholarship Program is
going to create opportunities for so many future students at our state's
flagship university," Correll said. "Supporting this program is an incredible
way for UGA alumni and supporters to make a real difference in the lives of
students and families all across Georgia."



 "Financial hardships can inhibit students' opportunities to join organizations,
volunteer or complete internships," said alumna Allison Ausband, UGA Foundation
trustee and senior vice president for Delta. "Those experiences outside of the
classroom helped shaped my daughter's UGA education, and this amazing program
will help more students prepare for their careers and build good networks to be
successful after graduation."



 In his address, Morehead emphasized that "the university is more invested now
than ever before in the communities of this state." He noted that the Small
Business Development Center helped to create more than 3,300 new jobs last year
and that the latest study estimates UGA's annual economic impact on the state at
$5.25 billion.



 Morehead also announced a new task force during his address-called the
President's Task Force on Student Learning and Success-assembled to identify new
opportunities to futher strengthen the university's world-class undergraduate
learning environment.



 Vice President for Instruction Rahul Shrivastav and Vice President for Student
Affairs Victor Wilson will co-chair the task force. "The work of the task force
will guide our longstanding commitment to create the highest quality
undergraduate experience possible at the University of Georgia," Morehead said.



 In addition, the UGA president unveiled a new interdisciplinary seed grant
program to award competitive grants to multidisciplinary teams of researchers to
tackle grand challenges aligned with UGA's research strengths as a land-grant
institution.



 "As we forge ahead," Morehead concluded, "we do so supported by our great
tradition but untethered to it-reaching beyond the status quo, soaring toward
greatness at the highest level, guided by the belief that the University of
Georgia is essential to a strong state of Georgia, to a vibrant nation, and to a
better world."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

UGA president unveils need-based scholarship matching program during State of
the University

LENGTH: 616  words

DATELINE: New York



 Athens: The University of Georgia has issued the following news release:



    To increase the number of need-based scholarships offered by the University
of Georgia, President Jere W. Morehead unveiled the Georgia Commitment
Scholarship Program Wednesday during his annual State of the University address
at the UGA Chapel.





 Under the program, the UGA Foundation will match any gift to the university in
the amount of $50,000, $75,000 or $100,000 to establish an endowed need-based
scholarship. This initiative is expected to create as many as 400 to 600 new
annual scholarships.



 "Scholarships are life-changing," Morehead said. "They remove barriers and open
doors. They create for our students and their families pathways to futures that
would otherwise be unreachable."



 Morehead thanked the Robert W. Woodruff Foundation for its "transformative"
gift of $30 million for need-based scholarships as the university announced its
$1.2 billion Commit to Georgia campaign in November. He said he hopes this
amazing gift inspires alumni and friends of the university to reach new levels
of support for need-based aid.



 Alumnus Pete Correll, former CEO of Georgia Pacific, UGA Foundation emeritus
trustee and honorary co-chair-along with his wife Ada Lee-of the Commit to
Georgia campaign, believes the new matching program will resonate with
supporters of the institution. "The Georgia Commitment Scholarship Program is
going to create opportunities for so many future students at our state's
flagship university," Correll said. "Supporting this program is an incredible
way for UGA alumni and supporters to make a real difference in the lives of
students and families all across Georgia."



 "Financial hardships can inhibit students' opportunities to join organizations,
volunteer or complete internships," said alumna Allison Ausband, UGA Foundation
trustee and senior vice president for Delta. "Those experiences outside of the
classroom helped shaped my daughter's UGA education, and this amazing program
will help more students prepare for their careers and build good networks to be
successful after graduation."



 In his address, Morehead emphasized that "the university is more invested now
than ever before in the communities of this state." He noted that the Small
Business Development Center helped to create more than 3,300 new jobs last year
and that the latest study estimates UGA's annual economic impact on the state at
$5.25 billion.



 Morehead also announced a new task force during his address-called the
President's Task Force on Student Learning and Success-assembled to identify new
opportunities to futher strengthen the university's world-class undergraduate
learning environment.



 Vice President for Instruction Rahul Shrivastav and Vice President for Student
Affairs Victor Wilson will co-chair the task force. "The work of the task force
will guide our longstanding commitment to create the highest quality
undergraduate experience possible at the University of Georgia," Morehead said.



 In addition, the UGA president unveiled a new interdisciplinary seed grant
program to award competitive grants to multidisciplinary teams of researchers to
tackle grand challenges aligned with UGA's research strengths as a land-grant
institution.



 "As we forge ahead," Morehead concluded, "we do so supported by our great
tradition but untethered to it-reaching beyond the status quo, soaring toward
greatness at the highest level, guided by the belief that the University of
Georgia is essential to a strong state of Georgia, to a vibrant nation, and to a
better world."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

UGA president unveils need-based scholarship matching program during State of
the University

LENGTH: 616  words

DATELINE: New York



 Athens: The University of Georgia has issued the following news release:



    To increase the number of need-based scholarships offered by the University
of Georgia, President Jere W. Morehead unveiled the Georgia Commitment
Scholarship Program Wednesday during his annual State of the University address
at the UGA Chapel.





 Under the program, the UGA Foundation will match any gift to the university in
the amount of $50,000, $75,000 or $100,000 to establish an endowed need-based
scholarship. This initiative is expected to create as many as 400 to 600 new
annual scholarships.



 "Scholarships are life-changing," Morehead said. "They remove barriers and open
doors. They create for our students and their families pathways to futures that
would otherwise be unreachable."



 Morehead thanked the Robert W. Woodruff Foundation for its "transformative"
gift of $30 million for need-based scholarships as the university announced its
$1.2 billion Commit to Georgia campaign in November. He said he hopes this
amazing gift inspires alumni and friends of the university to reach new levels
of support for need-based aid.



 Alumnus Pete Correll, former CEO of Georgia Pacific, UGA Foundation emeritus
trustee and honorary co-chair-along with his wife Ada Lee-of the Commit to
Georgia campaign, believes the new matching program will resonate with
supporters of the institution. "The Georgia Commitment Scholarship Program is
going to create opportunities for so many future students at our state's
flagship university," Correll said. "Supporting this program is an incredible
way for UGA alumni and supporters to make a real difference in the lives of
students and families all across Georgia."



 "Financial hardships can inhibit students' opportunities to join organizations,
volunteer or complete internships," said alumna Allison Ausband, UGA Foundation
trustee and senior vice president for Delta. "Those experiences outside of the
classroom helped shaped my daughter's UGA education, and this amazing program
will help more students prepare for their careers and build good networks to be
successful after graduation."



 In his address, Morehead emphasized that "the university is more invested now
than ever before in the communities of this state." He noted that the Small
Business Development Center helped to create more than 3,300 new jobs last year
and that the latest study estimates UGA's annual economic impact on the state at
$5.25 billion.



 Morehead also announced a new task force during his address-called the
President's Task Force on Student Learning and Success-assembled to identify new
opportunities to futher strengthen the university's world-class undergraduate
learning environment.



 Vice President for Instruction Rahul Shrivastav and Vice President for Student
Affairs Victor Wilson will co-chair the task force. "The work of the task force
will guide our longstanding commitment to create the highest quality
undergraduate experience possible at the University of Georgia," Morehead said.



 In addition, the UGA president unveiled a new interdisciplinary seed grant
program to award competitive grants to multidisciplinary teams of researchers to
tackle grand challenges aligned with UGA's research strengths as a land-grant
institution.



 "As we forge ahead," Morehead concluded, "we do so supported by our great
tradition but untethered to it-reaching beyond the status quo, soaring toward
greatness at the highest level, guided by the belief that the University of
Georgia is essential to a strong state of Georgia, to a vibrant nation, and to a
better world."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              925 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Telegram (Superior, Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 7, 2015 Tuesday

JFC restores port funding

BYLINE: Shelley Nelson, Superior Telegram, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 534 words


July 07--The Joint Committee on Finance voted last week to restore funding to
the Harbor Assistance Program in the 2015-2017 budget.

Rep. Nick Milroy, D-South Range, circulated a letter to garner support to
restore bonding authority in the 2015-2017 biennial budget to support the Harbor
Assistant Program, rallying bipartisan support to restore support for the
program created in 1979 to help with port and dredging projects.

To fund the HAP, the JFC reduced Gov. Scott Walker's recommendation for $43
million in bonding to benefit freight rail by $13.2 million. The committee then
authorized $13.2 million in bonding for the HAP program. When combined with
$493,800 in annual segregated funding, the HAP will receive $14.1 million in
total state resources, which will allow this successful program to continue to
serve as a driver of economic development.

"It continues a pretty successful program and I'm glad we were able to get in
front of all the Joint Finance Committee members to educate them on how
important the ports are in the state of Wisconsin," said Jason Serck, Superior's
economic development, port and planning director. Serck testified before the JFC
in March at the University of Wisconsin-Barron County.

Serck said he doesn't anticipate the reductions in freight rail to have any
impact on Superior because it has been a long time since the city applied for
grants through that program.

However, numerous projects in Superior, including Hallett Dock, General Mills
and Fraser Shipyard have benefited from the Harbor Assistance Program.

The city has also applied for a grant this year through the program for planned
repairs at its Elevator O dock, where the Great Ships Initiative is testing
water treatment systems designed to clean ballast water on ships to prevent the
spread of invasive species.

"It creates tangible assets," Serck said.

"I'm proud of this successful bipartisan effort to restore the essential
transportation infrastructure investments made through the HAP," Milroy said.
"This program is crucial for strengthening and expanding Wisconsin's ports, our
shipping industry, maritime tourism opportunities, and our state's economy as a
whole. The HAP has provided financial support to local governments since it was
created in 1979, and it remains central to expanding Wisconsin's maritime
sector."

Prior to Tuesday's vote by the JFC, the governor's budget proposal would have
provided no bonding authority for the program, a drastic reduction from the
$15.9 million in bonding included in the 2013-2015 biennium.

"I implore Gov. Walker to recognize his error and approve the budget with
restored funding for the HAP, as approved by the JFC," Milroy said. "Wisconsin
ports play a critical role as logistics hubs that serve a broad range of
industries statewide, meaning the positive economic impact of investing in the
HAP extends far beyond Wisconsin's shores. The JFC decision signals that the
committee got our message, and I was proud to lead the bipartisan group of
legislators who requested this action."

___ (c)2015 the Superior Telegram (Superior, Wis.) Visit the Superior Telegram
(Superior, Wis.) at www.superiortelegram.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150707-DG-JFC-restores-port-funding-0707-20150707

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DG


                       Copyright 2015 The Daily Telegram


                              926 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             April 11, 2008 Friday
                                 SOUTH EDITION

Village moves to create special projects coordinator

BYLINE: By Karen Robinson - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 427 words


East Aurora moved a step closer this week to making a special projects
coordinator a reality for its upcoming Main Street reconstruction project.

Under the direction of the village's new mayor, Clark W. Crook, who took office
Monday night, the Village Board voted, 6-1, to create the position to help
smooth the village's operation through the two-year project.

A job description is still being written, and Crook said he expects a decision
by the end of April about salary and a recommended hire. He said the job would
likely be part time and designed to deal with problems and issues arising from
the road work.

Trustee Kevin Biggs, who voted against creating the position, said he believes
the village has adequate personnel to handle the task. "Maybe the trustees
should pick a day and answer calls on their cell phones," he said.

In other business:

* Crook announced two new initiatives in his first meeting -- a newly formed
tourism commission, as well as a communication commission. Crook said a tourism
commission would raise public awareness of the importance of tourism to the
community's economy and would help maximize its contribution to the economic,
social and cultural prosperity of East Aurora. The commission also would prepare
a master plan for tourism in the village with periodic updates.

The Village Board could refer tourism issues to the commission, which would
provide an annual report to the board on the economic impact of tourism in the
village. It also would seek funding opportunities through the village/town grant
writer.

"I'd like to help bolster the efforts of the Chamber [of Commerce] and take
advantage of the Roycroft campus, Knox Farm State Park and the inter-modal
study," Crook said. "Our community can be a hotbed for hikers and bikers."

A communication commission also was formed to promote a more efficient exchange
of information and ideas about issues facing village residents. It also would
implement neighborhood exchanges to allow residents to request a village trustee
to present data and receive direct citizen feedback.

* Some key appointments included those of Kimberly D. LaMarche to continue as
village administrator; Trustee Libby Weberg to serve as deputy mayor; and former
Mayor John Pagliaccio to the Board of Ethics.

* Beginning in June, Village Board meetings will change to 7 p.m., from 6:30,
and be held the first and third Mondays of each month, with the hope of
alternating weeks with Town Board meetings so that residents can attend both
town and village meetings, if they wish.

e-mail: krobinson@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            November 30, 2007 Friday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Praise for the park;
Facility gets nod from U.S.

BYLINE: Lisa Eckelbecker, Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 535 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


Oh, the lowly parking garage.

It sends drivers, roughly, in circles. It shelters cars from snow and sleet.
It's rarely flashy. It's just, well, a garage.

But yesterday, a 680-car parking garage partly funded with federal money gained
a bit of respect when the Gateway Park development collected one of seven
national awards for economic development from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
Sandy K. Baruah, assistant secretary of commerce for economic development,
presented the Excellence in Economic Development Award for Urban or Suburban
Development to Worcester Polytechnic Institute's President Dennis D. Berkey with
praise for Gateway Park, an 11-acre development off Prescott Street that aims to
someday offer a mix of homes, businesses and academic offices.

"Gateway Park is making a significant economic impact on this entire region by
providing a state-of-the-art facility focused on the life sciences and
bioengineering," Mr. Baruah said at an afternoon ceremony at the WPI Life
Sciences & Engineering Center, the first major building in the park. "Gateway
Park will build on the regional assets that this part of the country uniquely
offers."

The Economic Development Administration, or EDA, contributed $2.5 million to the
$11 million garage at Gateway Park, support that was critical to getting Gateway
Park off the ground, said David P. Forsberg, president of the Worcester Business
Development Corp., which is developing Gateway Park with WPI.

"We made the case that the garage was necessary infrastructure," Mr. Forsberg
said.

Plans call for Gateway Park to expand to five buildings with 500,000 square feet
of laboratory space plus housing and retail space.

But it wasn't just the garage that won Gateway Park the EDA honor and the etched
Tiffany bowl that came with it. Mr. Baruah said any U.S. development can apply
for the EDA excellence awards, not just those that receive EDA money. ACCION
Texas Inc. of San Antonio, Texas, and the Great Northern Town Center of Helena,
Mont., were finalists competing against Gateway Park for the urban/suburban
prize this year.

"EDA awards go to the best of the best," Mr. Baruah said. "Only one gets it, and
that's Gateway Park."

The EDA's grant to Gateway Park was not the agency's first effort in Central
Massachusetts. An $850,000 grant from EDA helped Massachusetts Biomedical
Initiatives, a life sciences economic development agency, develop laboratories
for start-up companies on Winthrop Street in recent years. MBI moved some of
those labs, and its commitment to honor the terms of the EDA grant, to the WPI
building earlier this year.

Other EDA excellence award winners this year are the Ohio State University
Endeavor Center in Piketon, Ohio, for rural economic development; KCSourceLink
of Kansas City, Mo., for enhancing regional competitiveness; the Regional
Planning Commission of New Orleans for economic adjustment strategies; the
Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition in Pensacola, Fla., for
technology-led economic development; Pyramid Community Development Corp. of
Houston for community- and faith-based social entrepreneurship; and the Paulding
County Board of Commissioners of Dallas, Ga., for innovation in economic
development.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS
T&G Staff/TOM RETTIG
(PHOTO 1) Sandy K. Baruah, assistant secretary of commerce for economic
development, gets into a car outside Gateway Park after giving the center an
award for excellence. (PHOTO 2) Sandy K. Baruah, assistant secretary of commerce
for economic development, shown at the award presentation.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Nottingham Evening Post

                           November 24, 2009 Tuesday

Derek brewer: Why Ashes TV deal could be bad for cricket

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 636 words


The chief executive of Notts County Cricket Club explains why a decision to
screen the Ashes on terrestrial TV could be bad news for cricket

LAST week the Davies Report panel recommended that TV rights for England's home
Ashes series should only be sold to terrestrial broadcasters. This move to
return Ashes cricket to the government's list of protected 'crown jewel' events
has caused uproar within and outside the game and understandably so.

Whilst a 12-week consultation period has commenced to analyse the economic
impact of this proposal, the implications will be far reaching if the panel's
recommendations are accepted by the Secretary of State. The consequences would
spread far beyond the international and professional cricketing arenas and
impact directly on grass-roots cricket and community engagement in
Nottinghamshire.

So why is this the case and why should we be concerned at a local level? Indeed,
at face value the proposal may be seen as attractive by many.

In very simple terms there would be a huge decline in the flow of income into
the game. The exclusivity afforded to Sky brings with it a premium which helps
fund a huge programme of cricket at grass-roots level as well as providing grant
income for local clubs.

At a local level, funding to Nottinghamshire from the England and Wales Cricket
Board (ECB), which emanates from the sale of TV rights, enables the club to
maintain an extensive programme of community initiatives. NatWest Cricket Force
helps clubs to source volunteers and supplies for ground improvements and Chance
to Shine serves to get competitive cricket back into state schools.

We are justifiably proud of our Positive Futures scheme which has helped to
reduce juvenile crime rates by providing structured programmes for young people
in Cotgrave in partnership with Rushcliffe Borough Council.

Pioneering schemes such as the NVQ level two stewarding training we have
provided to a group of ten ex-offenders, the Say Yes project which encouraged
young people in Nottingham to create solutions to tackle anti-social behaviour
and the community legacy of the ICC World Twenty20 have further enhanced our
offering. Our Playing for Success centre welcomes two groups of 10-14 year olds
five days a week and gives them the opportunity to learn literacy, numeracy and
IT skills in a sporting environment.

There is much more at risk as well. Our county and district age group sides
provide a pathway from the age of 11 right through to our thriving academy and
hopefully the first team and the extent of our work in coach education should
not be underestimated. In conjunction with the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board we
provide support and advice for clubs  across the county.

As a club, we are certainly not against the principle of the Ashes being shown
on terrestrial television as long as all broadcasters are able to bid in a fair
and competitive process and as long as cricket's current income streams are
protected.

International cricket is a commercial product and selling TV rights in an
unrestricted market is vital if we are to maintain increased investment in the
game at all levels. Indeed, no terrestrial broadcasters lodged a bid for the
package that included this year's Ashes series because they could not commit the
air time required to broadcast five consecutive days of cricket.

A few years ago we asked ourselves what Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club is
for and firmly established that we are so much more than just a cricket club. We
also took the view that sport in general and cricket in particular can play a
huge role in teaching disciplines such as teamwork and leadership.

We spend significant time and resources on grass-roots and community issues and
the recommendations of the Davies Report Panel in relation to a home Ashes
series put all this work at risk.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 48


                     Copyright 2009 Nottingham Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

New Mexico: Startup Santa Fe Awarded $45,000 from the City

LENGTH: 507  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


City of Santa Fe has issued the following news release:

Grant announced in Mayor's State of the City is one of two designed to build the
foundation for a successful startup culture

As highlighted in Mayor Gonzales' Tuesday State of the City Speech, and as a
result of the City of Santa Fe's Request for Proposal for "Operation Ignite
Entrepreneurship," Startup Santa Fe is launching a public/private partnership
with CrSF and the City of Santa Fe dedicated to aligning physical and virtual
resources focused on developing "start-up cultures" where entrepreneurs can
learn, collaborate, launch innovations, and ultimately build strong businesses
that become economic mainstays in the community.

Designed to give emerging startups traction in the region, Startup Santa Fe will
organize around key industries and ensure that each stage of development within
each industry has representation from partners, businesses, and government. New
and efficient pathways for startups will be designed and implemented in order to
expedite and create healthy businesses, commercial output and economic growth.

"We are creating a thriving culture of entrepreneurship in Santa Fe,  Through
the efforts of Start Up Santa Fe and other key projects, this community will
mobilize energy and expertise to support new businesses and grow a vibrant
economy,"  stated Mayor Javier Gonzales.

"Think of it as a Match.com for ideas." said Startup Santa Fe Director Shawn
Patrick and author of the proposal. "We are out to empower and connect every
individual with a view to what is needed to turn that idea into a successful
business strategy."

Fundamental to this effort is a public-private partnership that includes mapping
and integrating educational institutions, non-profits, workshops, accelerators,
workspaces and labs, along with mentors and experts from every industry into the
ecosystem, which will be powered by www.startupsantafe.com.

"Startup Santa Fe is an initiative that will build on the abundant assets we
already have as a community," said Cyndi Conn, Executive Director of Creative
Santa Fe, "and will encourage community-wide collaboration to build on those
assets and also to fill in key gaps in the system. This initiative promises to
dramatically strengthen our city's tech and entrepreneurial industries."

About Startup Santa Fe--Startup Santa Fe is a public private partnership with
the City of Santa Fe and Creative Santa Fe to provide access to entrepreneurial
resources online and throughout New Mexico. www.startupsantafe.com

About Creative Santa Fe--Creative Santa Fe (CrSF) is dedicated to strengthening
Santa Fe's creative economy to enhance the quality of life for citizens and
visitors through collaboration and innovation. CrSF is a catalyst for action by
building public/private partnerships to oversee projects that have a direct
economic impact, encourage citywide collaboration, and attract new funding
sources to our city.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday

Cantwell Hails Senate Passage of Farm Bill That Supports Eastern WA Jobs,
Healthier School Meals

LENGTH: 1110 words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Maria Cantwell, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Today, U.S. Senator Maria Cantwell (D-WA) hailed the Senate's bipartisan passage
of the Agriculture Reform, Food and Jobs Act of 2013 (S. 954). Cantwell
supported the legislation, which was approved by a vote of 66-27. The bill now
moves to the House for consideration.

Cantwell has been a leading Senate voice calling for passage of a farm bill to
support agriculture jobs in Washington state and around the nation. In 2012, she
and Senator Mike Johanns (R-NE) led a bipartisan letter with 44 senators urging
action on a farm bill.

Cantwell recently called for passage of the Farm Bill during a statewide tour
that included a stop in Spokane Valley. During her visit to Spokane Seed
Company's processing facility, Cantwell highlighted how two of her provisions in
the Senate Farm Bill - the 'Pulse School Pilot' and 'Pulse Health Initiative' -
could help drive total farm acres of pulse crops in Washington state to more
than double over the next 5 to 10 years, according to industry estimates.
Nationwide, pulse crop production could also double in the next eight years.

"We are one step closer to having more high-fiber, high-protein options for
school lunches with the new Pulse School Pilot program," said Cantwell. "Lots of
beans, lentils and chickpeas added to school lunches could provide healthier
food options for kids. And a new research program in the Farm Bill will also
help us come up with new food products made out of these super-foods. The
bipartisan passage of this Farm Bill is a win-win for Washington state: it means
jobs for our agriculture producers and keeps our students healthy and ready to
learn."

The Pulse School Pilot would provide the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
$10 million through 2017 to purchase pulse crops to use in school breakfasts and
lunches. Pulse crops are an excellent, cost-effective source of fiber,
potassium, protein and other essential vitamins and nutrients. At the conclusion
of the Pulse School Pilot, the USDA would determine the program's effectiveness
by measuring increases in student consumption of pulse crops, identifying pulse
crops students prefer and determining how pulse crops change nutritional levels
in school meals. The Pulse School Pilot is modeled after the successful 2008
Whole Grains Pilot program, which helped the USDA purchase five million pounds
of whole grain pancakes and tortillas for schools.

The bill also includes the Cantwell-backed Pulse Health Initiative, which would
support $25 million per year over five years in pulse crop health research
grants to help increase public demand and drive job growth. The research would
look into the health and nutrition benefits of pulse crops, including their
ability to reduce obesity and associated chronic disease. The initiative would
support technical expertise to help food companies use nutrient-dense pulse
crops in their products as well as establish an educational program to encourage
the consumption and production of pulse crops.

"Passage of the 2013 Farm Bill by the U.S. Senate moves us one step closer to
the reforms we need to address the changing needs of U.S. Agriculture and the
citizens we serve," said Tim McGreevy, CEO of the USA Dry Pea & Lentil Council.
"The American Pulse Association and the USA Dry Pea and Lentil Council are
especially pleased that the Senate bill includes the establishment of the Pulse
Health Initiative (PHI) in the research title and the School Pulse Food Pilot
(SPFP) program in the nutrition title. Passage of these two measures sends a
message that the U.S. Senate is serious about finding solutions to the Obesity,
Global Food Security and Sustainability issues facing this nation and the global
community.

"The Pulse Health Initiative will increase research on pulse crops -- dry beans,
peas, lentils and chickpeas -- which are recognized as low-cost, nutrient-dense
foods that could positively impact the health of our citizens and our
environment," McGreevy continued. "The School Pulse Food Pilot program would
introduce these healthy pulse crops to our school age children which are
struggling with epidemic increases in obesity.  We are pleased that the Senate
has completed its work and we look forward to the House passing the farm bill in
the near future as well."

Spokane County has 2,502 farms - the second highest number in the state.
Agriculture in the county generates $587 million in annual economic impact and
supports 1,576 jobs. The market value of crops grown in Spokane, Lincoln, Adams,
Whitman and Stevens counties is more than $800 million. As a whole, agriculture
is a $40 billion industry in Washington state.

Washington state has 1,000 farm families producing pulse crops and 22 processors
employing more than 300 people in Eastern Washington. Chickpea acreage in
Washington state has exploded from less than 10,000 acres in the year 2000 to
nearly 80,000 acres in 2012. A main driver of increased demand for chickpeas in
the last decade has been increased demand for hummus. Retail sales of hummus are
projected to increase to $250 million in 2013, up from $192 million in 2007 and
$5 million in 1997. The value of pulse crop shipments handled via the
Columbia-Snake River System reached nearly $50 million in 2011 - up from just
over $30 million in 2001.

The 2013 Farm Bill contains other provisions important to Washington state's
agriculture economy. These include continued investment in specialty crops as
well as export promotion programs like the Market Access Program and the Foreign
Market Access Development program, which have helped increase overseas sales of
Washington state agriculture products like wheat and wine. Cantwell has
consistently supported these programs to help Washington state farmers and
producers stay competitive.

The legislation would also invest in agriculture research to help lead to the
discovery of new ways to increase crop yields and reduce losses from pests and
diseases. The Economic Research Service has estimated that for every $1 invested
in publicly-funded research, $10 of economic activity is generated.

Washington State University is a national leader in agriculture research and
utilizes the Farm Bill's research investments. The Farm Bill's Agricultural Food
and Research Initiative supports the university's research to develop varieties
of wheat that use less water and grow in more diverse climates. The initiative
also supports research into how wheat can better resist 'stripe rust,' a fungal
infection that strikes Washington state wheat.

For further information please visit: http://www.cantwell.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 5, 2000 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

Push for research tax breaks

BYLINE: Lenore Taylor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 760 words


The Federal Government needs to spend more than $2.6 billion over five years on
new research and development tax breaks and higher education initiatives or risk
Australia becoming a "branch-office economy", a top-level business advisory
panel has warned.

The long-awaited Miles committee report on innovation, released yesterday, calls
for a sweeping overhaul of industry policy, proposing measures to boost industry
spending on research and innovation.

With concern mounting over the economic impact of Australia's falling R&D
effort, the report will put the Government under pressure as it already faces
competing demands for new spending initiatives in the lead-up to next year's
federal election.

The report's central recommendation is that the 125 per cent tax concession for
existing R&D spending be boosted to 130 per cent to make up for erosion from the
lower company tax rate.

And companies that increase their level of spending on R&D would receive tax
concessions of between 170 per cent and 200 per cent for the additional
expenditure.

Committee chairman and senior partner at Corrs Chambers Westgarth, Mr David
Miles, urged the Government to adopt his recommendations in its "innovation
action agenda" to be released before the end of the year.

"Australia will become a branch-office economy ... If we don't start to generate
more Australian ideas which can create wealth, our international competitiveness
will deteriorate," he said.

Responding to the report, the Industry Minister, Senator Nick Minchin, agreed
that innovation was "critical to the nation's future economic performance".

But he said the Government had to "work out our priorities and our spending
capacity" with competing demands from other post-GST plans for increased defence
spending, salinity repair, welfare reform and possibly further income tax cuts.

In other measures designed to reverse the sharply declining expenditure by
Australian business on R&D, the Miles report says businesses turning over less
than $1million and spending less than $1million on research should be able to
generate cash flow

by "cashing out" their R&D concessions, based on the 130 per cent rate.

Senator Minchin was cautiously supportive of a boost in the R&D concession for
additional business expenditure, saying "there is a good argument that what
governments ought to do is provide substantial additional incentives for
incremental R&D rather than provide a substantial tax incentive for R&D that
would have taken place anyway".

The Miles report was immediately embraced by all major business groups, with the
Business Council of Australia, the Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry,
the Australian Industry Group and Australian Business Ltd all praising its broad
policy direction as well as its specific recommendations.

The report also calls on the Government to establish a new "pre-seed" fund,
where researchers could compete for $20 million in government funding, as well
as supplementary contributions from business, to get their ideas to the point
where they may be commercialised.

It backed the key recommendations by the Chief Scientist, Dr Robin Batterham
whose recent report will also advise the Government's action agenda including a
doubling of Australian Research Council grants, costing $240 million a year, and
an extra $500 million for research infrastructure.

It recommends tax deductions and exemptions for R&D donations similar to those
available for the arts, $10 million a year extra for an existing program for
commercialising emerging technologies and a major business and
government-sponsored awareness campaign to convince the electorate of the link
between innovation and economic health.

The report tentatively suggests a review of the impact of proposed new entity
taxation laws on investment in Australia by the big overseas pension funds.

"We weren't in the business of going to readdress issues of tax reform, we did
think that ... perhaps there would be an opportunity to go back and look at
entity taxation to see whether the benefits of the new capital gains tax regime
could not be handed on in some way rather than be caught in the company tax
regime," Mr Miles said.

Other members of the Miles committee selected by the Government to help
implement the discussion from the innovation summit included Leighton Holdings
chairman Mr Tim Besley, Rio Tinto's chief technologist, Dr Batterham, Ridley
Corp chairman and ACCI president Dr John Keniry, Arthur Andersen chief executive
Mr Christopher Knoblanche and Holden's executive director for planning, Mr Peter
Thomas.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: Seeking answers ... the report recommends a restructuring of
industry policy and major concessions. Photo-illustration: MICHELE MOSSOP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2000 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            March 9, 2011 Wednesday

OpenCape Selects CapeNet LLC to Design, Build and Operate the OpenCape Network

LENGTH: 688  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, March 09 -- OpenCape Corporation today announced that it has executed a
contract with CapeNet LLC to design, build, and operate the OpenCape network.

CapeNet LLC, a joint venture of Telecom Global Inc. and CapeNet Partners, Inc.,
will immediately begin preparations to install OpenCape's fiber optic and
microwave network in the spring of 2011. CapeNet will work closely with UC
Synergetic, a company previously engaged by OpenCape to survey and engineer the
fiber optic component.

The OpenCape network consists of a core fiber optic backbone of approximately
300 miles on Cape Cod, with extensions to two major regional network connection
centers in Providence, RI and Brockton, MA. A microwave radio overlay for backup
and emergency services will also be constructed as an integral part of the
system. In addition, more than 70 government, public safety and educational
institutions will be connected to the network as part of the construction.

OpenCape CEO Dan Gallagher said that "the CapeNet team was selected in large
part because it brought a combination of national and international
telecommunications experience and a comprehensive understanding of the region's
needs. Short term, its commitment to regional and local sub-contracting ensures
the greatest economic impact during construction, while its comprehensive plan
for market and services development ensures the long term sustainability of the
project."

According to Alan S. Davis, CEO of CapeNet, "We are pleased to have been chosen
by OpenCape to support their goals to modernize the telecommunications
infrastructure on Cape Cod and elsewhere in Southeastern Massachusetts in
support of economic development and governmental efficiency. It is our goal to
bring increased broadband capacity and improved cell phone coverage in the
region."

Kenny Young, CEO of Telecom Global, Inc., adds, "The Telecom Global portfolio of
companies has extensive experience in designing, building and operating
broadband networks around the globe. We are pleased to have the opportunity to
focus our expertise locally and support OpenCape in its initiative of delivering
broadband services to the Cape and surrounding areas."

The OpenCape network will be connected to the OpenCape regional collocation
computing data center in the Barnstable County government complex. OpenCape
recently announced that it had received a lease for the former Barnstable County
Public Safety Building and would renovate the building beginning in the spring
of 2011. The network and the collocation center combine to create a very
powerful resource for economic development and the delivery of essential public
services.

OpenCape has been making steady progress in achieving milestones required to
build its comprehensive telecommunications system since being awarded a $32
million federal grant in February of 2010. Art Gaylord, Chair of the OpenCape
Board said, "the steady pace of achieving necessary goals, such as obtaining
environmental approvals, contracting for survey and engineering services,
obtaining the necessary lease from the County, and this capstone of completing a
contract for the design, build and operation of the OpenCape network is
reflective of a lot of hard work and indicates OpenCape is on target to complete
this project by the beginning of 2013."

The 501(c)(3) non-profit OpenCape Corporation was awarded a $32 million
Broadband Technology Opportunity Program (BTOP) grant by the National
Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) from American Recovery
and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) stimulus funds on February 28, 2010. The $32 million
BTOP grant is being combined with matching funds totaling $8 million from the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, CapeNet, and Barnstable County to construct a
comprehensive broadband communications network to support the economic,
educational, public safety and governmental needs of the southeast Massachusetts
region Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                    Copyright (c) 2017 Louisiana Bar Journal
                             Louisiana Bar Journal

                              February/March, 2017

                             Louisiana Bar Journal

                               64 LA Bar Jnl. 396

LENGTH: 874 words

DEPARTMENT: NEW: LOUISIANA BAR FOUNDATION: PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE: THAT'S A WRAP

By President E. Jane Sherman

TEXT:


 [*396]  As this last President's Message is being submitted, 2016 has just
ended and the wrappings and trimmings of the holidays are being put away. Just
around the corner, the Louisiana Bar Foundation's (LBF) governance year will be
wrapping up in April. This 2016-17 year has seen a rallying of support on all
levels as our communities faced difficult times brought on by disastrous
flooding and its aftermath -- 26 of our 64 parishes flooding in March, followed
by more than 2 trillion gallons of water flooding a third of our southern
parishes in August. The outpouring of support has allowed us to come a long way
with new initiatives. It has truly been a pleasure and honor to serve as
President and witness the wrappings of service from all areas that have moved us
forward with civil legal aid giving comfort and care to the compromised. Those
in darkness are seeing light as they find strength through the struggle.

   Let's talk about the light brought about by new initiatives this year. On the
funding side, in 2016, the LBF initiated the Louisiana Flood Recovery Fund and
received donations in-state and from sister New York Bar and Alabama Law
Foundations. More than $ 200,000 was awarded to the legal service corporations
and pro bono organizations for post-disaster civil legal services such as title
clearing, FEMA eligibility and insurance issues. The Unidentified Funds 2016
amendment to the Louisiana Rules of Professional Conduct enabled lawyers to
direct nearly $ 200,000 in unidentified Interest on Lawyers' Trust Account
(IOLTA) funds to the LBF to support legal aid. Most impactful, the U.S.
Department of Justice's Bank of America Class Action Settlement awarded just
over $ 6.5 million to the LBF to help families stay in their homes and out of
foreclosure LOUISIANA BAR FOUNDATION and bankruptcy and to provide a continuum
of sustained grants over a period of years.

   On the technology side, the LBF provided $ 125,000 for a Statewide Hotline
administered by the Louisiana Civil Justice Center to provide brief statewide
intake advice and referrals to the legal service organizations. A new Self-
Represented Litigants funding category was created to fund innovative access to
justice solutions such as self-help centers and kiosks in each parish using
courtapproved forms and pro bono lawyers in the district courthouses to assist
with client advice.

   To increase awareness of civil legal aid, the LBF funded the 2016 Economic
Impact Study (EIS) assessing the value of civil legal aid on the economic,
social and health conditions of our state. The expansive study revealed that for
every $ 1 invested in Louisiana legal aid, Louisiana receives almost $ 9 of
immediate and long-term financial benefits. The EIS is a request of House
Resolution No. 2 of the 2016 Regular Session of the Louisiana Legislature and a
project of LBF's partnership with the newly formed Access to Justice Commission.
Discussions are underway to request restored state funding of civil legal aid.
The LBF and the Access to Justice Commission hosted a Voices for Civil Justice
Strategic Communications Training session designed to provide tools for
consistent messaging within our civil legal aid network.

   For advocacy service, the LBF extended funds to Louisiana Appleseed to
develop policy solutions to legal injustices and to increase legal services
proactively, rather than by piecemeal relief, to the poor. In November, a Kids'
Chance Proclamation by Gov. John Bel Edwards was signed and celebrated declaring
Nov. 14-18, 2016, as the first "Louisiana Kids' Chance Awareness Week." The
Louisiana workers' compensation and legal communities came together and raised
more than $ 4,000 for scholarships.

   For training, the LBF held a Board Training session led by the national Legal
Services Corp. and local experts to strengthen our grantees' board leadership by
reviewing board member responsibilities, administrative duties and mission
goals. Additionally, nine new Oral Histories were recorded featuring retired
judges and bar leaders for education and historical preservation usage.
Interviews can be viewed at: www.raisingthebar.org.

   Other changes this year included the recent award by the national Legal
Services Corp. to Acadiana Legal Service Corp. of La. Service Area 11, formerly
served by Legal Services of North Louisiana, Inc. Like most changes or
renovations in life, they can inspire excitement or anguish. In this instance,
all parties are together moving forward to ensure continued quality service for
those in need.

   It has been a long, difficult year for many Louisiana residents, but a much
too short one for me as President. As the communities heal from the tragedies
endured, I have seen that the character of our legal service providers, as a
collective, is a passionate sense of mission. They do not simply want a job, but
sincerely want to take action to positively impact each individual client they
serve. Each day, rain or shine, there are those who rely upon the LBF to
overcome basic life-changing crises. Become a Fellow of the LBF and wrap your
support around those in need. We change lives because of you!


                              934 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

Joe Nathanson: Getting 'Value' out of 'Vacants to Value'

BYLINE: Joe Nathanson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 882  words


About a decade ago, before the collapse of the U.S. housing market and the
global economic meltdown, I was given a challenging consulting assignment
focused on Baltimore city's housing market. The Baltimore Efficiency and Economy
Foundation (BEEF), the independent, nonprofit policy research group focused on
city government operations, wanted to understand how what was then the city's
prime initiative to deal with its stock of vacant houses was working and, more
precisely, what was the economic impact of Project SCOPE.

I mention this examination of the city's Project SCOPE (Selling City-Owned
Properties Efficiently) in light of Gov. Larry Hogan's recent announcement of
his proposal to deal with Baltimore's vacant housing and blighted neighborhoods.
The Project SCOPE assignment afforded me the opportunity to examine in detail a
wide range of the city's older neighborhoods, exhibiting various degrees of
disinvestment. Project SCOPE had at its core the idea that private real estate
professionals could sell properties to prospective homeowners and developers,
who could acquire the properties for a modest fee. The buyers could then invest
in renovating the properties, in the process increasing their personal equity
while strengthening their surrounding neighborhood.

I saw that this model worked in certain neighborhoods with a strong housing
stock (e.g. Reservoir Hill, with its stately Victorian row houses, many of which
had been rehabilitated), but not so well in those areas of the city where there
was no active housing market and demolition seemed to be the only viable
solution. With the crash of the housing market, locally and nationally, the
SCOPE model was, in most cases, no longer economically viable.

SCOPE was replaced by the current Vacants to Value initiative. But with both
local and federal resources limited, the process of demolition and reinvestment
has been moving very slowly. The ongoing process of housing abandonment has
meant that the estimated total of 16,000 vacant housing units when Vacants to
Value was started five years ago remains at just about that same level today.

So, one can welcome the governor's proposal to invest nearly $700 million for
demolition and redevelopment in some of the city's blighted neighborhoods. But
one can also sound a cautionary note. Comprehensive planning I am troubled by
the image of houses being demolished on the 100 block of North Stricker Street
as the backdrop for the governor's rollout of his proposal. I am similarly
troubled by Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake referring to the program as
"demolition dollars on steroids. " Rather than the dramatic image of the
wrecking crane, I would have much preferred to see the public officials gathered
on a block, say, in Barclay, where they could have spotlighted new residences,
constructed on formerly cleared blocks, fitting in with their older neighborhood
houses.

It is too easy to see blocks cleared and turned into green space for years on
end (with questions about how the space would be maintained) before any
redevelopment might take place. There are a number of critical steps that have
to take place before the wrecking ball is set in motion. Neighborhoods should be
selected where communities have worked for years to create plans designed to
improve their home turf.

And, of course, the redevelopment activity cannot take place independently of
other major initiatives already underway. The first that comes to mind is the
decade-long program of new construction and renovation of city schools, a
program billed as a $1 billion investment in the city's educational facilities.
Also, how do the neighborhood redevelopment plans fit with efforts to revitalize
commercial corridors? Similar questions can be raised relative to plans to
realign transportation facilities. In short, we are talking about a
comprehensive planning process for many of Baltimore's older neighborhoods.

Additional questions can be raised about the state agency, the Maryland Stadium
Authority, tapped to manage the funding and contracting for the Baltimore
redevelopment efforts. Significant amounts are being committed, over the next
four years, assuming approval by the Maryland General Assembly and the city's
Board of Estimates:  $94-million for demolition and $600-million in the form of
various grants and incentives for redevelopment by private developers.

It seems a heavy lift, given all of the authority's ongoing responsibilities.
The key will be how well the stadium authority and the state's Department of
Housing and Community Development can mesh with city agencies, including the
housing department and Baltimore Development Corporation, which work with
neighborhoods on development matters.

Let's applaud the new attention given to improving Baltimore's older
neighborhoods. But let's be sure that the questions are raised and
satisfactorily resolved before much more of Baltimore's housing stock is torn
down.

Joe Nathanson heads Urban Information Associates Inc., a Baltimore-based
economic and community development consulting firm. He writes a monthly column
for The Daily Record and can be contacted at urbaninfo@comcast.net

http://www.mddailyrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            November 24, 2013 Sunday

Letters: Keep the jobs local

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 771 words


Keep the jobs local

I attended the meeting at Seaside City Hall on Nov. 18 to hear thedifferent
proposals for new garbage service in our area .

I am not exactly sure why we are even going through this process, as we have a
perfectly good system in place now, but there was one thing that I took away
from this meeting that really struck me. Our current service is local and none
of the other presenters are from this area.

This is an issue of critical importance to me as there are local jobs at stake
jobs that need to stay in Monterey County.

Some of the proponents were nice enough to say they would hire back most of the
drivers, but can they guarantee that?

And what about all the other jobs such as the welders, the mechanics and the
dispatchers? We cannot afford to lose a single job. In fact, what we need to be
doing is creating more jobs in Monterey County, not losing them. Ninety percent
of Waste Management's jobs are right here in Monterey County and that is how it
should stay.

Helen B. Rucker
Seaside

Water group disrespectful

Having received an invitation to the Public Water Now meeting recently held at
the Elks Lodge in Monterey, I decided to attend.

While sitting through the presentations I heard many statements I disagreed
with. At the conclusion of their pitch the host opened the meeting to questions
and comments. I decided to stand up and speak as I felt many of the claims to be
false and misleading.

The host tried to stop me from making comments when he realized I was not in
favor of their presentation, then I was heckled and booed by the audience. The
group's leader did not make any attempt to stop the shameful conduct of the
crowd. I have attended hundreds of meetings and I have never seen such
disrespectful behavior.

They had no desire to hear my views.

Apparently this group is not interested in facts or the truth. If this is how
they treat an invited person, they have no business leading public meetings,
much less a water company.

Frank Emerson
Monterey

Half marathon coverage commended

I would like to thank The Herald for its fine coverage of our race weekend
events. The half marathon provided an exciting capstone event for a weekend that
attracts more than 9,000 out-of-area participants and spectators and accounts
for an approximate $10million economic impact to the local community.

In his Nov. 18 wrap-up article, "The dash before the race," Philip Molnar
reported on some of our expense areas including race shirts and bibs, course
music, timing, marketing and awards. There are, of course, many more expenses
involved with putting on a race of this magnitude. One area that he didn't
mention was the significant amount of money our nonprofit organization
contributes to local charities through our grant program.

Since our organization's inception in 1985, we have contributed more than $3
million to local groups. Additionally, our JUST RUN Youth Fitness Program,
partially funded through higher cost entries for the last 200 half marathon
entrants, now reaches more than 10,000 students.

Again, we thank The Herald and the community for their support of our events. We
also appreciate the more than 1,000 local volunteers who help us stage this
race, and the 2,000 who give their time for our April marathon.

John Mutty
Big Sur International Marathon

Measure K won the battle

It seems Eric Peterson, like thousands of other voters, misunderstood what the
initiatives were all about(Nov. 22) .

Yes, Measure K lost at the ballot box. However, Measure K won the battle.

Before the initiatives were presented, development was part of the Fort Ord Base
reuse Plan. Measure M fought to stop that development and lost. Measure K fought
to keep the land available for development and won.

Seaside can now plan its own future without outside interference.

Mike O'Brien
Marina

Interpreters needed

The California Constitution, article I, section 14, states the following: "A
person unable to understand English who is charged with a crime has a right to
an interpreter throughout the proceedings." Furthermore, they are also provided
an attorney by the judge when they cannot afford one.

Shouldn't Califonia seniors who don't know English and have worked hard in the
fields, canneries and factories have access to both services free of charge as
part of their retirement package? Much of the time they also cannot afford these
services. They certainly have earned these since their hard work and low wages
have often helped build great, lucrative companies.

Evelia Meza
Seaside

Bothersome cellphones

Cellphones on airplanes?

Wonderful!

Assuming the ban on homicide is also lifted on those flights.

Robert Armstead
Carmel

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Editorial cartoon

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           February 13, 2010 Saturday
                             First Replate Edition

Sportsmen await payoff for 'Go Fish Georgia'

BYLINE: Scott Bernarde; For the AJC

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1011 words


For whatever criticism he has received over his seven years in office, Gov.
Sonny Perdue speaks the same language as the Georgia sportsman.

He is an avid hunter who trained bird dogs as a teen. He is an angler, one of
more than 1 million in the state, who grew up cane-pole fishing on Big Indian
Creek in Middle Georgia.

As governor he has supported the acquisition of tens of thousands of acres of
land for recreational use, and his controversial Go Fish Georgia program has
been viewed by proponents as one of the most significant pieces of legislation
in decades to support state fishing.

"He's certainly one of us," said Georgia Wildlife Federation president and CEO
Jerry McCollum, whose organization hasn't always seen eye-to-eye with Perdue
policies. "He's a pretty knowledgeable hunter and angler and for the most part,
he's supported our organization and our programs."

Perdue's legacy as a two-term governor may be largely defined by his sensitivity
to sportsmen. And no program will better define that than Go Fish, the
governor's $30-million initiative (with $19 million in state funds) that was
approved by the Legislature in 2007.

Perdue's vision for the plan was to make Georgia "a fisherman's paradise" by
building economic development, attracting high-dollar fishing tournaments,
improving access to state lakes and increasing angling participation.

"We support it because it supports fishing. We see it as a net positive,"
McCollum said.

According to the most recent U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service study, 1.1 million
anglers generated an economic impact of $1.9 billion in Georgia in 2006. The
state Department of Natural Resources reports that of the $21.3 million that
went into the state's general fund from license sales for hunting, fishing and
boating in 2009, $11.8 million came from sales of fishing licenses.

In the Go Fish plan, 18 so-called "mega" boat ramps will be updated or
constructed and a 30,000-square-foot fishing-themed visitors center in Perry,
called the Go Fish Georgia Center, will be built and include an aquarium,
exhibits, trails and fishing areas.

Those projects are expected to be completed this year, Perdue's final year in
office.

'Mega' ramps payoff

John Biagi, Georgia Wildlife Resources Division's chief of fisheries and the
lead administrator of Go Fish Georgia, said all "mega" boat ramps, constructed
with state and local matching funds, should be operational this year.

The state spent $5 million on the ramps, up to $400,000 each, with local
communities matching or exceeding that figure.

The boat ramp at Laurel Park on Lake Lanier, which has eight boat launches, 300
parking spaces and a weigh-in / amphitheater area, cost more than $1 million.

That investment seems to have paid off. The Forrest Wood Cup, which will award
at least $500,000 to its winner --- "the Super Bowl of bass fishing," Biagi
called it --- will launch out of Laurel Park in August. The tournament is
expected to have an economic impact of more than $20 million in the area around
the lake and give Lanier nationwide media exposure.

"I think that tournament is going to be telling for Hall and Gwinnett counties,"
said Biagi, who says he's heard the criticism that Go Fish Georgia is a curious
waste of money during a down economy. "[After that tournament] I think you'll
start seeing some believers."

Biagi said the first phase of the Perry visitor's center, which is using $14
million in state money in addition to local funding, has seen the completion of
the construction of the main building and a warm-water fish hatchery that will
include raising trophy-sized largemouth bass. Construction of the second phase,
including exhibit areas and an aquarium, began in December.

What is unclear is how the visitors center will be operated once open. Dan
Forster, director of the Wildlife Resources Division, said no new money has been
allocated for its operation in the governor's budget proposal for the fiscal
year that begins July 1.

Funding for that will come, Forster said, whether it will be derived from
grants, outside sources or reallocating money budgeted elsewhere.

"The facility is too important, we have too much money in it to let it sit
idle," said Forster, who added that ultimately the center will stand on the
income it generates.

Assessing the impact

It's too soon to tell how effective Go Fish Georgia will be in it directives.

While participation and economic impact numbers appear strong, traditional
outdoors sports participation has been trending downward for decades as baby
boomers age and the attention of the nation's youth is split in manifold
directions. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service says that 35.6 million Americans
over 16 fished in 1991; only 30 million did in 2006.

It's not a free fall, however. In Georgia, participation numbers have improved.
From 2001 to 2006, the number of state hunters increased from 417,000 to 481,000
(a 13-percent spike) and angler participation rose about 1 percent to 1.1
million.

"My observations, being out there on the lake and at [trade] shows, is that I'm
still seeing people hunting and fishing," said Bill Carson, a Lake Lanier
fishing guide and a marketing consultant to many outdoor sports companies.
"People who have an appetite for the outdoors are passionate. Whatever they like
doing, they're going to do. They're just smarter with their money."

The Georgia Wildlife Federation's McCollum says that while his organization has
squared off with Perdue on some issues --- the group rallied against the
outsourced new license fee system that charges a convenience fee which it says
increases the costs of licenses by 35 percent --- it feels Go Fish can have a
long-standing impact for both sportsmen and Perdue's legacy.

"I've given [Perdue] higher marks than I'm giving him now," said McCollum. "He's
one of us, but [some of the administration's decisions] in the last couple of
years have not always been good for the traditional sportsman. ...

"I'm very hopeful that the new governor will pick up Go Fish Georgia because I
think it's important for the future of hunting and fishing."

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              937 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 18, 2012 Saturday

Senators continue budget hearings

BYLINE: Aldeth Lewin, The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 945 words


Aug. 18--ST. THOMAS -- The Senate Finance Committee continued budget hearings
this week with Fiscal Year 2013 budget requests from a number of government
agencies.

Economic Development Authority

The Economic Development Authority officials defended a $4,567,000 General Fund
budget for the agency Friday. The request is 8.9 percent less than 2012.

To function with a reduced budget, EDA President and Chief Executive Officer
Percival Clouden said he plans to reduce the amount of cell phones by 60
percent, reduce utility costs, install a video conference system to reduce
travel costs, consolidating to reduce advertising costs, and streamlining
procurement to reduce expenses for materials and supplies.

The Economic Development Authority is an umbrella organization for many
territorial economic development programs: the Economic Development Commission
program; the Industrial Park Development Corporation; the Government Development
Bank; the Small Business Development Agency; and the Enterprise Zone initiative.

The Economic Development Authority receives General Fund money in the
miscellaneous portion of the budget. It also earns income from annual fees paid
by Economic Development Commission beneficiaries and fines levied against
beneficiaries that do not comply with the terms of their certificates.

Clouden said the Economic Development Authority expects to receive about
$625,800 in fees in FY 2013, bringing the total amount of money for the
authority's operations to $5.2 million.

Housing, Parks and Recreation

V.I. Housing, Parks and Recreation Commissioner St. Claire Williams defended his
agency's $5.9 million budget proposal for FY 2013 on Wednesday.

The request is 11 percent less than the previous year's appropriation.

In addition to the operating budget, the department is set to receive a
$1,715,000 miscellaneous section appropriation. Of the miscellaneous section
earmark, $700,000 is for utilities for the territory's parks and sports
facilities. Most of the remainder goes for other purposes unrelated to the
department that are under the Housing, Parks and Recreation only for budgetary
reasons.

The department also expects to receive about $654,513 from the Casino Revenue
Fund, which helps fund afterschool programs and other youth organizations.

Bureau of Economic Research

Bureau of Economic Research Director Wharton Berger defended the agency's
$591,000 General Fund budget request Friday.

Additionally, the agency is slated to receive $150,000 from the Tourism
Advertising Revolving Fund, for a total FY 2013 budget request of $741,000.

The bureau compiles economic reports for the territory, including the monthly
tourism indicators. The bureau also provides technical assistance to government;
drafts economic projections; conducts economic impact studies; and derives the
annual estimate of the territorial gross domestic product.

Gov. John deJongh Jr. submitted enabling legislation along with the FY 2013
budget proposal that would merge the bureau with the Economic Development
Authority. The Bureau of Economic Research currently is under the Office of the
Governor.

Office of Veterans Affairs

The governor has recommended a $340,828 General Fund FY 2013 budget
appropriation for the Office of Veterans Affairs, $42,617 less than 2012.

In addition to the operating budget, the office has $400,000 earmarked in the
miscellaneous section for medical and burial expenses for the territory's
veterans.

The office also anticipates revenues -- between $10,000 and $15,000 -- from the
sale of taxi medallions by the Department of Licensing and Consumer Affairs and
about $150,000 from the V.I. Lottery.

LEPC

The Law Enforcement Planning Commission manages federal grants awarded to the
territory for crime prevention and victim services.

The governor's General Fund budget recommendation for FY 2013 is $572,310, which
is about 10 percent less than the FY 2012 budget appropriation. Of the total
recommendation, $432,205 is for personnel costs, $73,800 is for rent and $66,305
is for utilities.

The General Fund budget pays for seven employees, but federal grants fund an
additional four positions.

The Law Enforcement Planning Commission manages the Justice Assistance Grant;
the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Grant; the Victims of Crime
Assistance Grant; the Violence Against Women Grant; the Residential Substance
Abuse Treatment Grant; and the Enforcement of Underage Drinking Laws Grant.

Office of the Adjutant General

The governor is recommending a FY 2013 General Fund budget of $1,450,881 for the
Office of the Adjutant General.

The proposed budget is 7.9 percent less that FY 2012. The agency has $53,400
earmarked in the miscellaneous section for the National Guard pension fund, and
expects to receive $5.3 million in federal funds for a total operating budget of
$6.8 million.

The V.I. Adjutant General's Office is responsible for commanding and managing
the V.I. Army and Air National Guard and related programs.

PERB

The Public Employees Relations Board receives no General Fund money, but the
agency is seeking a $1,106,370 appropriation from the Union Arbitration Award
and Government Employees Increment Fund for operating expenses for FY 2013.

PERB hears V.I. government employee labor disputes and provides a variety of
training exercises to government agencies. The agency provides arbitration,
mediation and administrative hearings for government workers and labor unions.

- Contact reporter Aldeth Lewin at 714-9111 or email alewin@dailynews.vi

___ (c)2012 The Virgin Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) Visit The Virgin
Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) at www.virginislandsdailynews.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120818-1VI-Senators-continue-budget-hearings-0818-20120818

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VI


                  Copyright 2012 The Virgin Islands Daily News


                              938 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                              March 5, 2017 Sunday
                                   1 Edition

Arrowhead Center launches startup accelerator;
TechSprint will provide mentors, supporting funds

BYLINE: By, Lauren Goldstein, For the Sun-News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. Z2

LENGTH: 569 words


LAS CRUCES - Arrowhead Center, the economic development engine at New Mexico
State University, has launched a new Arrowhead StartupSprint aimed at all New
Mexico tech startups, regardless of their affiliation with the university.
StartupSprints support growth-driven companies through education, mentorship,
and financing in a short period, cohort-based setting.

Funded by a gift from NM Gas Company, TechSprint is now accepting applications
for its spring 2017 cohort, which will begin in late March. TechSprint is
designed to test the feasibility of a business idea, with a goal to accelerate
New Mexico technology startups to drive economic growth. Through TechSprint,
teams will receive mentorship, coaching and $2,000 in participant support.

The three-week sprint program will follow curriculum from Aggie I-Corps,
Arrowhead Center's National Science Foundation Innovation Corps site, to support
tech startup teams as they work to reach a "go" or "no-go" decision about their
business. Nationally, I-Corps is an NSF initiative designed to leverage
university research to create new innovative businesses and increase the
economic impact of inventions created at research institutions around the
country. If the decision is "go," a TechSprint project may receive eligibility
for the national I-Corps program, which includes a $50,000 award.

While other Aggie I-Corps teams require participants to have an NMSU connection
- a team member who is a student, for example - TechSprint offers New Mexico
tech startups without an NMSU affiliation access to I-Corps. The topical focus
of projects must be in an area of science, technology, engineering or
mathematics (STEM) normally supported by the NSF.

Kramer Winingham, who oversees the Aggie I-Corps program at Arrowhead Center,
said the program was an expansion that will increase the program's reach
statewide and open up the field for businesses to seek further funding from the
NSF.

NMSU is one of only 51 academic institutions nationwide to be selected as an
I-Corps Site. Other I-Corps Sites include the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, University of Chicago, Carnegie-Mellon University, Purdue
University, UCLA, University of Pennsylvania and other top research
institutions.

"We are very excited to be opening up our I-Corps Site and providing access to
technology startups in New Mexico," Winingham said. "I-Corps is a tremendous
program that provides great value through coaching, mentorship and
entrepreneurial training - in addition to great follow-on funding opportunities,
including the $50,000 NSF I-Corps program and SBIR/STTR programs."

Those programs, Winingham said, fund businesses to do extensive market research
on their potential product as they work to bring an idea to market.

Teams must include an entrepreneurial lead, a technical lead, and a business
mentor. The entrepreneurial lead must be based in New Mexico. Though a full team
is not needed to apply, preference is given to complete team applications. The
three-week program will meet on Friday mornings from March 31 to April 28. Teams
may attend meetings in-person or virtually, for those located across the state.

The spring 2017 application deadline is March 12. For more information, or to
apply for TechSprint, visit arrowheadcenter.nmsu.edu/techsprint.

Funding for TechSprint is provided by New Mexico Gas Co. through Arrowhead's
University Center for Regional Commercialization.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: jacoblund/Getty Images/iStockphoto
Starting a business in a technical field can be challenging. NMSU's Arrowhead
Center TechSprint program can help startups through the process.
ismagilov/Getty Images/iStockphoto
New Mexicans can get assistance from NMSU's Arrowhead Center through the new
TechSprint program for startups.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: lru


                       Copyright 2017 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 4, 2007 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Hopes Soar After Record Hospital Gift of $400 Million

BYLINE: By STEPHANIE STROM

SECTION: Section 1; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1229 words

DATELINE: SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Feb. 3


South Dakota's economic renaissance has gone largely unnoticed, eclipsed by
things like the state's strong opposition to same-sex marriage, its raucous
debates over abortion and the stroke suffered by one of its senators, Tim
Johnson, that could tip control of the Senate back to the Republicans.

But in the 1990s, its long stagnant population began to grow, especially here
and in Rapid City, and its economy began to diversify. Its lack of personal and
corporate income taxes made it attractive to companies and their employees, and
while other states tightened their usury laws, South Dakota relaxed its,
attracting numerous credit card companies. Citibank continues to be one of the
state's largest employers, with 3,200 employees, and call centers line the
highways around Sioux Falls.

Now, T. Denny Sanford, a low-key billionaire who made his home and fortune here,
will help sustain the state's economic boom with a $400 million gift to the
Sioux Valley Hospitals and Health System, the state's largest employer. Hospital
officials hope the gift -- the largest ever to a hospital, according to the
Center for Philanthropy at Indiana University -- will help transform Sioux
Valley Hospitals, which will change its name to Sanford Health, into a national
institution that will eclipse Johns Hopkins and the Mayo Clinic.

''He told me he doesn't want this to be just another Mayo,'' said Kelby K.
Krabbenhoft, Sioux Valley's chief executive.

It has four stated goals: to build five pediatric clinics around the country; to
expand research, especially in pediatrics; to build a health care campus with
more than 20 separate facilities, and to identify a promising line of medical
research and follow it to a cure, much the same way John D. Rockefeller's money
found a cure for yellow fever and Bill Gates is searching for a cure for
H.I.V./AIDS.

''If I could put my name on a project in my lifetime and see a major medical
breakthrough because of it, that's what I would love to do,'' said Mr. Sanford
in an interview from Scottsdale, Ariz.

''The idea that we could really put Sioux Falls and South Dakota so much more on
the map, that we could create additional employment and attract people from
around the country and around the world, that was really a hot button for me,''
Mr. Sanford said.

The gift is the third major contribution to a health care organization announced
in the last week, following a $100 million gift to Brown University's medical
school and a $75 million gift to a hospital in Boca Raton, Fla.

Mr. Sanford's gift is greater than the total assets of $256 million held by
South Dakota's 126 foundations in 2004, according to data compiled by the
National Center for Charitable Statistics.

Dan Scott, president of the Sioux Falls Development Foundation, said: ''But I
think given the amount of resources that will be dedicated to research as part
of this gift, we're going to see new companies forming around that research and
companies attracted here by the research from elsewhere. It's going to be
huge.''

The gift addresses several of the goals of Gov. Mike Rounds's 2010 Initiative,
which intends to increase tourism, expand the state's economy by $10 billion,
largely through the growth of existing business like Sioux Valley Hospitals, and
have the state become a regional leader in research and technology.

''It's hard to measure quality of life unless you're talking about enjoyment,
relaxation and security, and health care is key to all of those things,'' the
governor said in an interview. Randall M. Stuefen, a researcher who ran an
analysis on the economic impact of the gift, estimated it would create 9,200
jobs in the next decade, some 1,170 of which would be permanent, and add $1.2
billion to the economy. ''Beyond its economic impact, this will help the state
emerge as a more scientific place, which will attract other types of business to
it,'' Mr. Stuefen said.

Mr. Sanford made a modest fortune in the chemical business and used it to buy
United National Bank here, which he in turn used to build a credit card business
catering to people with shaky credit.

''The state has been so good to me in terms of opportunities and the personnel
it's offered me, and it's time to pay back,'' he said. Earlier this year, Mr.
Sanford donated $70 million to supplement the state's investment in the creation
of a deep underground science and research facility in the former Homestake Gold
Mine in Lead, S.D. The state is competing with Colorado to win a National
Science Foundation grant, and Mr. Sanford's money will enable it to develop mine
shafts even farther underground and to create a science center atop the
facility.

''This will attract scientists from around the world, and the center can be used
as a place where they can tell our kids about what they're working on and pique
their interest in math and science,'' Mr. Rounds said.

Mr. Sanford's first foray into big league philanthropy in 2003 was unsuccessful:
a proposed $35 million gift for a new football stadium at the University of
Minnesota. He said the university wanted to build a more expensive stadium than
he thought was wise and refused to give him naming rights unless he donated
more.

So he walked away and the next year gave $16 million to Sioux Valley to build
the Sanford Children's Hospital. Designed to look like a medieval castle, it
will stand out in this flat city of modest homes and box-like offices and retail
outlets.

Since 2005, he has made major gifts totaling more than $700 million, including
the one announced Saturday, and he said more would follow. ''I'm running out of
the runway of my life,'' said Mr. Sanford, whose wealth was pegged at $2.5
billion by Forbes magazine. ''I just turned 71, and my preference is to die
broke.''

Sioux Valley plans to finance the goals of the gift using interest from Mr.
Sanford's gift and money from other sources. Mr. Krabbenhoft, Sioux Valley's
chief executive officer, said the hospital hoped to build a $1 billion reserve
that would rival those of better known institutions like Mount Sinai in New
York.

That, coupled with new research facilities to be housed under a huge transparent
dome that by itself could put Sioux Falls on the map, will help attract and
retain physicians, said Charles P. O'Brien, Sioux Valley's senior vice
president. ''Recruiting physicians is an international game these days, so we're
trying to provide a place where doctors will want to come and practice the rest
of their lives,'' he said.

Technology will link the five pediatric clinics to the Sanford Children's
Hospital and its specialists and services and give the facility better insight
into practices and developments elsewhere in the country and perhaps even the
world, as it hopes to turn the concept into a chain of clinics perhaps reaching
into Canada and Mexico as well.

The hospital also hopes to establish an education annuity for every child it
sees. In return, it would ask each child to send in annual blood and other
samples so the hospital can create a database.

But perhaps the biggest challenge for the hospital, Mr. Krabbenhoft said, will
be to maintain its current standards while working to make the most of Mr.
Sanford's gift.

''More than one million people a year come through our doors, and we spend $2
million a day treating them,'' he said. ''This can't distract us from that.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 10, 2007



CORRECTION: An article on Sunday about a $400 million gift from T. Denny Sanford
to the Sioux Valley Hospitals and Health System referred incorrectly to medical
research financed by two other philanthropists, John D. Rockefeller and Bill
Gates. Mr. Rockefeller's money was used to develop a vaccine to prevent yellow
fever; it did not result in a ''cure.'' Mr. Gates has focused primarily on
H.I.V. prevention, rather than on ''searching for a cure.''

GRAPHIC: Photos: The philanthropist T. Denny Sanford, here in Scottsdale, Ariz.,
donated money to the Sioux Valley Hospitals. ''The state has been so good to
me,'' Mr. Sanford says of South Dakota. (Photo by Dave Eggen for The New York
Times)
 (Photo by Pat Shannahan for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              940 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                          September 7, 2005 Wednesday
                                 NORTH EDITION

Town OKs talks on sale of building for disability museum

BYLINE: By Harold McNeil - NEWS NORTHTOWNS BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 578 words


After 10 years as Amherst's repository for old town records, the Mennonite
Meeting House at North Forest Road and Main Street may become the venue for a
new museum dedicated to the history of the disabled.

The Town Board on Tuesday unanimously agreed to authorize Supervisor Susan J.
Grelick to negotiate a contract with People Inc. to lease the 171-year-old
building, which two years ago was added to the National Register of Historic
Places.

The resolution, sponsored by Council Member Jane S. Woodward, requires People
Inc. to pay for a study that will determine fair market rent for the building,
and assume responsibility for costs related to moving town records stored there
to another location.

The planned museum, through photographs, artifacts and documented research, will
chronicle the life and times of people with disabilities. People Inc. is a
nonprofit organization that provides residential, employment and health-care
services to senior citizens and people with disabilities.

Council Member William A. O'Loughlin, who co-sponsored Woodward's resolution,
called People Inc's plan to lease the building "a perfect situation" and a
"unique initiative."

The use of the Mennonite Meeting House for the new museum "will become a focal
point of this town's empathy toward those who are disadvantaged," O'Loughlin
said.

The meeting house, which was one of the first churches built in the town, was
extensively renovated in the 1990s. Grelick, who as town clerk more than a
decade ago secured $62,000 in state grants to convert the building into the
town's official archival center, Tuesday said the building's use as a museum
will ensure that the meeting house is preserved and accessible to the public.

People Inc. spokesman Kevin Horrigan said the building's conversion to a museum
will bring the meeting house back on the tax rolls and save town taxpayers
money.

"The annual economic impact to Amherst will be approximately $300,000," Horrigan
said. "Also, the building is in need of approximately $50,000 worth of repairs .
. . for new doors, windows and lead-based paint removal that the town will not
have to absorb."

"People deserve to go inside and see (the Mennonite Meeting House)," said
Woodward, who said an adequate new home will have to be found for the town
documents currently stored in the building.

"They're important files, not just piles of paper," she said.

Meanwhile, the board Tuesday took no action on a draft copy of a document aimed
at establishing new regulations for future developments in the town, as well as
revising old zoning codes. The board agreed to accept comments on the document
until Nov. 7. The document, prepared by James Duncan Associates of Austin,
Texas, was roundly praised for its thoroughness by the Town Board and residents
who commented on the plan during a rather lengthy public hearing. However, many
of them also expressed concern about some of the changes proposed, particularly
plans for a new mixed-use district, some borrowing from the concepts of "new
urbanism."

Hilda Hui of Union Road said the document is bereft of "specific stringent codes
for building in areas with problem soil conditions or (in) environmentally
sensitive areas such as wetlands."

"One lesson we must learn, if we have not yet learned, is that mitigation of
wetlands does not solve local soil and land-use problems. These critical issues
ought to be addressed more directly in the (town's zoning) code," said Hui.

e-mail: hmcneil@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              941 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                             March 4, 2017 Saturday

Scenic Snow Road aims to be rival for North Coast 500

BYLINE: jodyharrison

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 487 words


A TOURIST trail which uses technology to enhance the experience for drivers is
to be created through some of Scotland's most stunning landscapes.

The "Snow Road" will run from Blairgowrie in Perthshire through the heart of the
Cairngorms National Park to Grantown-On-Spey in the Highlands, taking in
majestic mountains, rural Speyside and the highest road in Britain.

It is hoped the trail will draw in tourists in a similar fashion to the North
Coast 500, which loops around the north of Scotland and has been described as
one of the world's best drives.

Visitors will traverse the Devils Elbow, the mountains around the Glenshee Ski
Centre and up into Royal Deeside and Braemar, Balmoral and Ballater.

The route will then head up to the Lecht Ski Centre and on to Tomintoul and
Grantown-on-Spey.

It will be dotted with "installations" along its length which are scheduled to
be in place by Easter this year.

Funding for the £315,000 project has come in part from a £245,000 grant from
Scottish Enterprise under a scheme designed to promote tourism.

The grant, which is being supplemented by the Cairngorms Business Partnership
and partners the Cairngorms National Park Authority, will pay for a two-year
project which will create an immersive visitor experience using technology, such
as apps, to bring the route to life for visitors and businesses.

Mark Tate, chief executive of the Cairngorms Business Partnership, said "I am
really lucky as I get to drive this stunning route through the Cairngorms
National Park frequently for both work and pleasure.

"This really is a beautiful route. The classic car driver, families on a
Highland adventure or somebody who wants to take their time and cycle the route
will be able to immerse themselves in the stunning landscapes and local culture.

"We are delighted to have received an award from the Destination Development
Fund and working with partners and communities along the route we will create
destination which will have a major positive economic impact on communities
along the route"

The North Coast 500 has been described as one of the top six driving routes in
the world, despite being created only in 2014.

Starting in Inverness, the coastal circuit winds its way north towards John
O'Groats before passing the late Queen Mother's Castle of Mey residence and
looping down towards Ullapool.

Record-breaking cyclist Mark Beaumont has completed the route in a time of 38
hours.

It has seen a huge rise in visitors to the area and locals have complained about
overcrowding and speeding drivers who have begun to blight their communities.

The Cairngorms scheme will start immediately with the recruitment of a project
officer, who will be based in Ballater.

Danny Cusick, director at Scottish Enterprise, added "The Snow Roads initiative
is an innovative and exciting project that will exploit new technology to
deliver a unique visitor experience in the Cairngorms National Park."

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HER


                      Copyright 2017 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: U.S. Department of Transportation Celebrates Multi-Modal
Transportation Hub Made Possible with TIGER Funding

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S. Maritime Administration has issued the following news release:




 The U.S. Department of Transportation's Maritime Administration (MARAD) today
celebrated the completion of the South Harbor Project at America's Central Port.
The new harbor facility will significantly increase port efficiency through the
Port's global maritime gateway connecting rail, river and road at one location
along the Mississippi River. Maritime Administrator Paul 'Chip' Jaenichen was
joined at the dedication ceremony by Congressional, state and local elected
officials, as well as representatives from the Port.



 &ldquo;Every community has a project like this one, that will bring economic
vitality but is in need of funding,&rdquo; said Secretary of Transportation
Anthony Foxx. &ldquo;TIGER Grants provide us the opportunity to revitalize our
transportation system, making it more efficient, opening new connections, and
bettering our way of life.&rdquo;



 The Southwest Regional Intermodal Freight Transportation Hub links six Class I
railroads and four interstate highways to a marine terminal directly on the
Mississippi River. The new hub will allow Midwest shippers to move tons of bulk
cargo by rail or truck to the port for transport on barge to the Gulf of Mexico
for export to international markets. This multi-modal gateway, of both national
and regional significance, promotes exports, as called for by the President's
National Export Initiative, while creating hundreds of new jobs for the area.
The project was funded in part by a $14.5 million federal Transportation
Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) grant award.



 &ldquo;Leadership and forward thinking at America's Central Port prove that
seamless integration of all modes of transportation can be a reality,&rdquo;
said Administrator Jaenichen. &ldquo;By working together across the state,
local, federal and private sectors, we can ensure that this port community can
compete in the global economy.&rdquo;



 According to the Port, America's Central Port has a $282 million economic
impact per year on Madison County, Ill., and is responsible for more than 1,450
local jobs with $9.6 million in state and local taxes paid. The 2.5 million tons
of commodities moved by local Port operators annually are valued at more than
$1.1 billion.



 To date, 40 grants totaling nearly $500 million have been awarded to our
nation's ports, representing 11.7 percent of total TIGER funds awarded. There
were 627 applications submitted for the most recent round of TIGER funding
seeking $9.8 billion in funding - 20 times more than the $500 million Congress
has made available in the seventh round of the competitive grant program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: U.S. Department of Transportation Celebrates Multi-Modal
Transportation Hub Made Possible with TIGER Funding

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S. Maritime Administration has issued the following news release:




 The U.S. Department of Transportation's Maritime Administration (MARAD) today
celebrated the completion of the South Harbor Project at America's Central Port.
The new harbor facility will significantly increase port efficiency through the
Port's global maritime gateway connecting rail, river and road at one location
along the Mississippi River. Maritime Administrator Paul 'Chip' Jaenichen was
joined at the dedication ceremony by Congressional, state and local elected
officials, as well as representatives from the Port.



 &ldquo;Every community has a project like this one, that will bring economic
vitality but is in need of funding,&rdquo; said Secretary of Transportation
Anthony Foxx. &ldquo;TIGER Grants provide us the opportunity to revitalize our
transportation system, making it more efficient, opening new connections, and
bettering our way of life.&rdquo;



 The Southwest Regional Intermodal Freight Transportation Hub links six Class I
railroads and four interstate highways to a marine terminal directly on the
Mississippi River. The new hub will allow Midwest shippers to move tons of bulk
cargo by rail or truck to the port for transport on barge to the Gulf of Mexico
for export to international markets. This multi-modal gateway, of both national
and regional significance, promotes exports, as called for by the President's
National Export Initiative, while creating hundreds of new jobs for the area.
The project was funded in part by a $14.5 million federal Transportation
Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) grant award.



 &ldquo;Leadership and forward thinking at America's Central Port prove that
seamless integration of all modes of transportation can be a reality,&rdquo;
said Administrator Jaenichen. &ldquo;By working together across the state,
local, federal and private sectors, we can ensure that this port community can
compete in the global economy.&rdquo;



 According to the Port, America's Central Port has a $282 million economic
impact per year on Madison County, Ill., and is responsible for more than 1,450
local jobs with $9.6 million in state and local taxes paid. The 2.5 million tons
of commodities moved by local Port operators annually are valued at more than
$1.1 billion.



 To date, 40 grants totaling nearly $500 million have been awarded to our
nation's ports, representing 11.7 percent of total TIGER funds awarded. There
were 627 applications submitted for the most recent round of TIGER funding
seeking $9.8 billion in funding - 20 times more than the $500 million Congress
has made available in the seventh round of the competitive grant program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday

Washington: Higgins Says the Trump Budget delivers a \x93Black and Blue-print"
on Western New York

LENGTH: 1385  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Brian Higgins has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Brian Higgins (NY-26) said the White House Budget Blueprint,
released Thursday, March 16, delivers a devastating blow to Western New York
families and the local economy.







 "We've made incredible progress in Western New York in recent years,
particularly along our waterfront and throughout the Buffalo Niagara Medical
Campus, but all of it means nothing if we can't sustain the momentum," said
Congressman Brian Higgins.  "The areas slashed and zeroed out by President Trump
are those that have done the most to create local jobs, improve our economy and
add to the quality of life right here in Western New York.    If the White House
is successful with these budget proposals seniors, working families,
researchers, artists, construction workers, small business and communities
across our region will all feel the impact."







 Great Lakes Restoration Initiative - ELIMINATED



 What it means for WNY? - Environmental and economic devastation



     Over the last decade the federal government has invested $32.38 million in
Great Lakes Restoration Initiative funding in and around the Buffalo River
putting the site on track to be removed from the Areas of Concern list by 2019.



     That federal commitment has leveraged $95.6 million in additional
investments including $34.6 million in state and local funding as well as $61
million from private entities.

     Water restoration efforts have led to more than $81.2 million in new
private sector projects adjacent to the Buffalo River since 2013, helped
contribute to more than $750 million in further investment nearby.

     In total, the President's Budget cut's the EPA by 31%.  For context: the
total EPA budget represents just two-tenths of one percent of the total federal
budget for 2016.







 National Institutes of Health - $6 BILLION CUT, ELIMINATES GAINS FROM 21ST
CENTURY CURES ACT



 What it means for WNY? - Fewer jobs and less progress on new treatments & cures




     Last year alone institutions in our district received close to $96 million
in NIH funding supporting 252 research projects including (but not limited to):



     $1.3M for Hauptman-Woodward

     $6.5M for CUBRC

     $27.8M for Roswell Park (73 research grants)

     Nearly $58M for UB (165 research grants)







 Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) - ELIMINATED



 What it means for WNY? - Loss of jobs & economic gain from transformative
infrastructure investments



     The Niagara Falls International Railway Station recently opened was awarded
$16.5 million in 2010 through the TIGER II program.

     In 2011 the Cars Sharing Main Street project was awarded $15 million in the
TIGER III round of awards.  In 2015 the project returning vehicular traffic to
Main Street in Buffalo received an additional $18 million through the TIGER
Program.







 Federal Transit Administration (FTA) New Starts Program - NO NEW PROJECTS



 What it means for WNY? - Future of NFTA Extension to Amherst less likely



     In 2011 the FTA awarded the NFTA a $1.2 million grant to study ways to
increase the ease, speed and convenience of commuting along the Amherst-Buffalo
Corridor.  In January NYS announced support for light rail extension between
Buffalo and Amherst.

     The New Starts program is the federal program which would have funded this
project.







 Home Energy Assistance Program (HEAP) - ELIMINATED



 What it means for WNY? - Seniors and Families are left in the cold



     Over 15,000 households in Niagara County received HEAP in 2016

     In Erie County during the 2014-15 season, more than 90,000 cases/225,000
individuals received over $25 million in HEAP benefits.







 Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG) - ELIMINATED



 What it means for WNY? - More than $21 Million in cuts to neighborhood &
community improvements across the region, shifting costs to local taxpayers



     Impact to municipalities in NY-26 (based on 2016 allocations) & examples of
projects funded by federal CDBG dollars last year:

         Buffalo (-$12.5M): demo of vacant property, upgrades to community
centers, parks, youth programs, streets & sidewalks.  Future funding requests
include $4M in CDBG funding for the Northland Beltline Corridor project.

         Niagara Falls (-$2.2M): Hyde Park improvements, home rehabs, first-time
homebuyer program, youth programming

         Lackawanna (-$456,763): Center Street reconstruction, home rehab on 19
properties

         City of Tonawanda (-$593,993): Intermodal-Hub, Dodge Street sewer, home
rehab on 9 properties

         Amherst (-$486,000): Veteran & domestic-violence victim housing
assistance, afterschool programming, sidewalks, weatherization assistance

         Cheektowaga(-$1.33M): Sidewalks on Cedar, Tudor & Campbell Streets,
Police foot/bicycle patrols, home rehab on 58 properties, rehab/resale of
abandoned homes on Stratford, McParlin, Lyman & Woodell

         Grand Island (-$183,113): Demo of Nike Base building, Town Master Plan,
home rehab on 3 properties

         Town of Tonawanda (-$1.49M): Demo 8 vacant units to make way for future
development, a microenterprise loan fund for small business, home rehab on 40
properties

         West Seneca (-$357,231): Repaving of Birchwood, N. Covington, Burch &
Grace Streets, home rehab on 13 properties







 National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) / National Endowment for the Humanities
(NEH) / Corporation for Public Broadcasting (CPB ) - ELIMINATED



 What it means for WNY? - A significant hit to arts & cultural programs that
drive the WNY economy, tourism and add to our quality of life



     Locally, non-profit arts groups and their audiences have an $87.4 million
economic impact, employ 2,900 FTEs, and generate $4.3 million in government
revenue.

     Since 2000, WNY organizations have received more than $3.4 million in NEA
funding supporting programs at: Albright Knox, Squeaky Wheel, Buffalo
Philharmonic Orchestra, Hallwalls, Just Buffalo Literary Center, Locust Street
Art, MUSE, UB Center for the Arts, Studio Arena, Young Audiences of WNY &
others.

     In the last 2 years WNY projects through the University at Buffalo, Buffalo
State College, Albright Knox and the BWO have received approximately $700,000 in
NEH funding.

     The New York State Council on the Arts (NYSCA), receives $745,675 from the
NEA which is then given our across the state in grants to organizations.

     Last year, the total combined federal allocation of the NEA and NEH was
just 0.0003% of the $4 billion federal budget.







 Economic Development Administration (EDA) - ELIMINATED



 What it means for WNY? - Disinvestment in start-ups and economic development



     Only federal government agency focused exclusively on Economic Development.


     Since 2010, $1.8M EDA funds received/invested in developing plan,
mentorship programs and entrepreneurship support program for 27 Counties in
Upstate NY.  The program is now known as Launch NY - 500 start-up businesses
served, comprising more than 1300 jobs.

     In 2016 EDA awards $160K from POWER Initiative to UB Regional Institute to
work with Town of Tonawanda on economic action plan: Tonawanda Tomorrow.  The
project is aimed at re-positioning the town as a regional center for sustainable
job growth and encouraging new economic opportunities following the Huntley
Station shutdown.







 Manufacturing Extension Partnership (MEP) - ELIMINATED



 What it means for WNY? - Hurts small and medium manufacturers & the jobs they
support



     Insyte Consulting in WNY has been the top MEP performer nationwide since
2013.

     Over the last 3 years, in NY-26 alone, Insyte has worked with 72 small and
midsized manufacturers (SMMs) generating over $329 million in sales, cost
savings, investments and other benefits, including 550 jobs created or saved.

     2,811 manufacturing jobs created or saved across the region.

     Insyte has returned $326.58 for every $1 of federal and state funding
received, based on $889,650,223 of client reported impact divided by $3,056,400
in Federal and State funding received by Insyte for the years 2014-2016.







 Congressman Higgins, a member of the House Committee on Ways and Means and the
Budget Committee, intends to fight against the destructive and short-sighted
provisions in the President's budget.



LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday
                                  Mars Edition

Panel tackles grant process

BYLINE: Kevin Allen South Bend Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 503 words


Local officials should be able to iron out details in the next month on how
those associated with a large wish list of local projects can go about applying
for state money.

The Northern Indiana Regional Development Authority -- which is the five-person
board administering the Regional Cities money in St. Joseph, Elkhart and
Marshall counties -- met Monday afternoon at Innovation Park at Notre Dame and
discussed how to fine-tune the process.

Last week, the Indiana General Assembly put to rest any fears that St. Joseph,
Elkhart and Marshall counties would miss out on part of a $42 million grant the
area won through the Indiana Regional Cities Initiative in December.

Lawmakers -- after some haggling -- agreed to give Gov. Mike Pence the full
amount he requested for the Regional Cities program, which is designed to grow
the state's population by pushing big developments toward reality.

The outcome in the Statehouse was a relief to leaders in St. Joseph, Elkhart and
Marshall counties, but it wasn't the end of their work. Now, they need to decide
how to distribute the $42 million the state is sending here.

North-central Indiana's application for the Regional Cities program listed 39
projects that, if completed, would lead to more than $700 million worth of
development over eight years. The list includes proposals for technology and
entrepreneurship centers as well as downtown housing and recreational amenities
in the three counties.

But the challenge facing the Regional Development Authority is that groups
affiliated with those 39 projects asked for about $100 million worth of Regional
Cities money when describing those projects in the application.

Developers associated with the 39 projects will need to submit additional
information about their proposals. They also will need to line up additional
financing, because no more than 20 percent of a project's cost can be paid for
with Regional Cities money. Local governments can subsidize another 20 percent
of a project's cost, and the remainder -- a minimum of 60 percent -- needs to
come from the private sector.

"It will be the job of the RDA, if we receive applications asking for more than
$42 million, to prioritize the projects," said Regina Emberton, an RDA board
member and president of Michiana Partnership, a regional economic development
organization.

After the board works out the details of the application process, the people
affiliated with eligible projects will be able to submit requests for money from
the Regional Cities pot.

Emberton said the board wants to make the process fair and inclusive, but they
also realize the projects that receive financial support will need to be
developments capable of having a significant economic impact on the region.
"It's going to be a balancing act," she said.

North-central Indiana is one of three areas of the state that was selected to
receive a $42 million Regional Cities grant. The other two regions are centered
around Evansville and Fort Wayne.

kallen@sbtinfo.com

574-235-6244

@KevinAllenSBT

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2017 Friday

New York: Higgins Says the Trump Budget delivers a \x93Black and Blue-print" on
Western New York

LENGTH: 1408  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Office of the House of Representative Brian Higgins has issued the
following news release:



 Congressman Brian Higgins (NY-26) said the White House Budget Blueprint,
released Thursday, March 16, delivers a devastating blow to Western New York
families and the local economy.







 "We've made incredible progress in Western New York in recent years,
particularly along our waterfront and throughout the Buffalo Niagara Medical
Campus, but all of it means nothing if we can't sustain the momentum," said
Congressman Brian Higgins.  "The areas slashed and zeroed out by President Trump
are those that have done the most to create local jobs, improve our economy and
add to the quality of life right here in Western New York.    If the White House
is successful with these budget proposals seniors, working families,
researchers, artists, construction workers, small business and communities
across our region will all feel the impact."







 Great Lakes Restoration Initiative - ELIMINATED



 What it means for WNY? - Environmental and economic devastation



     Over the last decade the federal government has invested $32.38 million in
Great Lakes Restoration Initiative funding in and around the Buffalo River
putting the site on track to be removed from the Areas of Concern list by 2019.



     That federal commitment has leveraged $95.6 million in additional
investments including $34.6 million in state and local funding as well as $61
million from private entities.

     Water restoration efforts have led to more than $81.2 million in new
private sector projects adjacent to the Buffalo River since 2013, helped
contribute to more than $750 million in further investment nearby.

     In total, the President's Budget cut's the EPA by 31%.  For context: the
total EPA budget represents just two-tenths of one percent of the total federal
budget for 2016.







 National Institutes of Health - $6 BILLION CUT, ELIMINATES GAINS FROM 21ST
CENTURY CURES ACT



 What it means for WNY? - Fewer jobs and less progress on new treatments & cures




     Last year alone institutions in our district received close to $96 million
in NIH funding supporting 252 research projects including (but not limited to):



     $1.3M for Hauptman-Woodward

     $6.5M for CUBRC

     $27.8M for Roswell Park (73 research grants)

     Nearly $58M for UB (165 research grants)







 Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) - ELIMINATED



 What it means for WNY? - Loss of jobs & economic gain from transformative
infrastructure investments



     The Niagara Falls International Railway Station recently opened was awarded
$16.5 million in 2010 through the TIGER II program.

     In 2011 the Cars Sharing Main Street project was awarded $15 million in the
TIGER III round of awards.  In 2015 the project returning vehicular traffic to
Main Street in Buffalo received an additional $18 million through the TIGER
Program.







 Federal Transit Administration (FTA) New Starts Program - NO NEW PROJECTS



 What it means for WNY? - Future of NFTA Extension to Amherst less likely



     In 2011 the FTA awarded the NFTA a $1.2 million grant to study ways to
increase the ease, speed and convenience of commuting along the Amherst-Buffalo
Corridor.  In January NYS announced support for light rail extension between
Buffalo and Amherst.

     The New Starts program is the federal program which would have funded this
project.







 Home Energy Assistance Program (HEAP) - ELIMINATED



 What it means for WNY? - Seniors and Families are left in the cold



     Over 15,000 households in Niagara County received HEAP in 2016

     In Erie County during the 2014-15 season, more than 90,000 cases/225,000
individuals received over $25 million in HEAP benefits.







 Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG) - ELIMINATED



 What it means for WNY? - More than $21 Million in cuts to neighborhood &
community improvements across the region, shifting costs to local taxpayers



     Impact to municipalities in NY-26 (based on 2016 allocations) & examples of
projects funded by federal CDBG dollars last year:

         Buffalo (-$12.5M): demo of vacant property, upgrades to community
centers, parks, youth programs, streets & sidewalks.  Future funding requests
include $4M in CDBG funding for the Northland Beltline Corridor project.

         Niagara Falls (-$2.2M): Hyde Park improvements, home rehabs, first-time
homebuyer program, youth programming

         Lackawanna (-$456,763): Center Street reconstruction, home rehab on 19
properties

         City of Tonawanda (-$593,993): Intermodal-Hub, Dodge Street sewer, home
rehab on 9 properties

         Amherst (-$486,000): Veteran & domestic-violence victim housing
assistance, afterschool programming, sidewalks, weatherization assistance

         Cheektowaga(-$1.33M): Sidewalks on Cedar, Tudor & Campbell Streets,
Police foot/bicycle patrols, home rehab on 58 properties, rehab/resale of
abandoned homes on Stratford, McParlin, Lyman & Woodell

         Grand Island (-$183,113): Demo of Nike Base building, Town Master Plan,
home rehab on 3 properties

         Town of Tonawanda (-$1.49M): Demo 8 vacant units to make way for future
development, a microenterprise loan fund for small business, home rehab on 40
properties

         West Seneca (-$357,231): Repaving of Birchwood, N. Covington, Burch &
Grace Streets, home rehab on 13 properties







 National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) / National Endowment for the Humanities
(NEH) / Corporation for Public Broadcasting (CPB ) - ELIMINATED



 What it means for WNY? - A significant hit to arts & cultural programs that
drive the WNY economy, tourism and add to our quality of life



     Locally, non-profit arts groups and their audiences have an $87.4 million
economic impact, employ 2,900 FTEs, and generate $4.3 million in government
revenue.

     Since 2000, WNY organizations have received more than $3.4 million in NEA
funding supporting programs at: Albright Knox, Squeaky Wheel, Buffalo
Philharmonic Orchestra, Hallwalls, Just Buffalo Literary Center, Locust Street
Art, MUSE, UB Center for the Arts, Studio Arena, Young Audiences of WNY &
others.

     In the last 2 years WNY projects through the University at Buffalo, Buffalo
State College, Albright Knox and the BWO have received approximately $700,000 in
NEH funding.

     The New York State Council on the Arts (NYSCA), receives $745,675 from the
NEA which is then given our across the state in grants to organizations.

     Last year, the total combined federal allocation of the NEA and NEH was
just 0.0003% of the $4 billion federal budget.







 Economic Development Administration (EDA) - ELIMINATED



 What it means for WNY? - Disinvestment in start-ups and economic development



     Only federal government agency focused exclusively on Economic Development.


     Since 2010, $1.8M EDA funds received/invested in developing plan,
mentorship programs and entrepreneurship support program for 27 Counties in
Upstate NY.  The program is now known as Launch NY - 500 start-up businesses
served, comprising more than 1300 jobs.

     In 2016 EDA awards $160K from POWER Initiative to UB Regional Institute to
work with Town of Tonawanda on economic action plan: Tonawanda Tomorrow.  The
project is aimed at re-positioning the town as a regional center for sustainable
job growth and encouraging new economic opportunities following the Huntley
Station shutdown.







 Manufacturing Extension Partnership (MEP) - ELIMINATED



 What it means for WNY? - Hurts small and medium manufacturers & the jobs they
support



     Insyte Consulting in WNY has been the top MEP performer nationwide since
2013.

     Over the last 3 years, in NY-26 alone, Insyte has worked with 72 small and
midsized manufacturers (SMMs) generating over $329 million in sales, cost
savings, investments and other benefits, including 550 jobs created or saved.

     2,811 manufacturing jobs created or saved across the region.

     Insyte has returned $326.58 for every $1 of federal and state funding
received, based on $889,650,223 of client reported impact divided by $3,056,400
in Federal and State funding received by Insyte for the years 2014-2016.







 Congressman Higgins, a member of the House Committee on Ways and Means and the
Budget Committee, intends to fight against the destructive and short-sighted
provisions in the President's budget.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 24, 2015 Saturday

Reps. Huffman, Thompson host forum on U.S. immigration policy

BYLINE: Martin Espinoza, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 852 words


Jan. 24--Almost politically unfathomable.

That's how North Coast Rep. Jared Huffman characterized any attempt on the part
of the Republican-controlled Congress or the next president to reverse President
Barack Obama's recent executive actions on immigration.

"It's going to be very hard for the next president of the United States to go
backward," Huffman said Friday evening during a forum on immigration held in
Santa Rosa.

Huffman, D-San Rafael, said that Obama's executive order -- which when
implemented will grant undocumented immigrants a three-year reprieve from
deportation -- potentially could benefit up to 5 million people, many of whom
have family members who are "voting U.S. citizens."

Huffman's comments were in response to a question posed by one of more than 200
people who attended the forum, which sought to provide information about the
string of immigration-related executive actions taken by the president in
November.

The forum, held at the Steele Lane Community Center, was hosted by Huffman and
Rep. Mike Thompson, D-St. Helena. It featured a panel discussion that included
the pair of congressmen and several people with knowledge of immigration laws
and policies.

Monica Toro, Sacramento field office director for United States Citizenship and
Immigration Services, said that Obama's executive actions included an expansion
of his previous order known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA.
That 2012 action gives undocumented immigrants who were brought to the country
illegally by their parents a two-year stay of deportation.

DACA, which previously had an age limit, now applies to anyone who entered the
United States before the age of 16 and has lived in the United States
continuously since Jan. 1, 2010. Also, the two-year stay of deportation under
the original order was extended to three years.

The president's new program is called Deferred Action for Parents of American
citizens, or DAPA, and it allows the parents whose children are U.S. citizens or
legal permanent residents to avoid deportation. Toro made it clear that the
program has not yet been implemented and that no applications are available.

"Avoid immigration scams," she said, adding that immigrants need to be wary of
anyone prematurely offering legal or administrative help.

Madeline Feldon, a staff attorney for the International Institute for the Bay
Area, which provides immigration legal services, said immigrants should seek
only legal services from qualified professionals, such as immigration attorneys
or a number of community-based organizations authorized to provide the service.

IIBA has offices in Napa Valley, but in Santa Rosa immigration legal services
are available at Catholic Charities and the California Human Development Corp.,
she said.

"We really recommend that those who might qualify seek authorized services," she
said.

Feldon said that in some cases those who come forward seeking deferred action
actually qualify for legal permanent residency, the first step toward obtaining
U.S. citizenship.

The panel also included Dr. Chong-Uk Kim, a Sonoma State economics professor who
has studied the economic impact of immigration.

Kim described the economic impact of granting deferred action to 4.7 million
undocumented immigrants as simply "massive." He said it would likely lead to an
increase in gross domestic product and an increase in tax revenue of $2.9
billion in the first year and $21 billion over five-year period. Kim also said
that it could also increase government expenses.

Addressing concerns about the possibility that immigrants will depress wages or
take jobs from American citizens, Kim said there was no "empirical evidence" to
support those fears.

Also on the panel was local immigrant advocate Jesus Guzman, a Sonoma State
student who benefited from Obama's 2012 deferred action initiative. The
beneficiaries of that action are often called "Dreamers," after the parallel
Dream Act legislation that has languished in Congress. But Guzman said he
considers his parents the real "dreamers" for bringing him to the United States
for a better life.

"I'm convinced it was love for each other, love for themselves that transcended
the border," he said, adding that he was excited about his parents' chance to
apply for a reprieve under the 2014 order.

Both Huffman and Thompson made it clear that they would prefer to overhaul the
country's immigration laws through legislation instead of executive action. But
they said the president was forced to act unilaterally because of congressional
inaction.

Thompson said the Republican majorities in both the House and Senate will now
have to show they can lead on what is proving to be a very difficult issue for
the party.

"It's one thing to be bomb-throwing. It's another thing to legislate," he said.
"At the end of the day they have to produce the work."

You can reach Staff Writer Martin Espinoza at 521-5213 or
martin.espinoza@pressdemocrat.com On Twitter @renofish.

___ (c)2015 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150124-UR-Reps-Huffman-Thompson-host-forum-on-U-S-immigration-policy-0124-2015
0124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2015 The Press Democrat


                              948 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           February 1, 2007 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

UW-MADISON GETS GRANT TO SPREAD ENTREPRENEURIAL SKILLS

BYLINE: BY TOM STILL

SECTION: CAPITAL REGION BUSINESS JOURNAL; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 670 words

DATELINE: MADISON


An oft-heard complaint about UW-Madison, justified or otherwise, is that its
academic and research fruit falls close to the tree. It has world-class
scientists and well-developed mechanisms for turning their best ideas into
products or services, but most of that commercialization takes place within a
half-hour drive from campus.

To a point, that's true. Just check the figures for per capita wages,
unemployment and job creation in tech-rich Dane County, and it's clear
UW-Madison has been a huge economic driver for the Capital Region.

Still, it would be a mistake to believe the economic impact of UW-Madison stops
just past the shadow of Bascom Hall. The campus has scores of outreach programs
that reach businesses of all sizes across Wisconsin, as well as continuing
education programs for hundreds of thousands of citizens. While some of those
programs have been much better than others over time, the testimonials at least
match the gripes.

What the campus has not done, however, is extend the reach of its
entrepreneurial education programs to all students -- let alone the rest of the
state. The teaching of what it means to be an entrepreneur has remained
basically inside the Business School, where programs such as the Weinert Center
for Entrepreneurship have thrived.

Thanks to a $5 million grant from the Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation in Kansas
City, Mo., more students at UW-Madison -- and more aspiring business people
statewide -- will be exposed to the principles and practices of
entrepreneurship.

UW-Madison was one of only nine campuses nationwide to be selected by the $2
billion foundation, which was created 40 years ago by namesake entrepreneur
Ewing Marion Kauffman. He built an international pharmaceutical company from
scratch and later brought back major league baseball to Kansas City. Mainly,
however, he cared about education and spurring young people to reach their
potential.

The grant is aimed at doing precisely that. Over five years, and with matching
dollars from a variety of sources, UW-Madison will work with partners to help
breed entrepreneurs and spur more commercialization of research statewide.

The work will start close to home, with most UW-Madison colleges or schools
expanding their programming in what it takes to start a business. On one end of
the spectrum, a course called "Entrepreneurship in Society" will be opened to
undergraduates in all majors. On the other, the planned Wisconsin Institute for
Discovery and the related Morgridge Institute for Discovery will speed the
search for market "pulls" for campus research.

Work related to the Kauffman grant will quickly move around the state. The Urban
Entrepreneurship Program in Milwaukee, other campuses in the UW System, state
agencies, the WiSys Technology Foundation (which patents and licenses research
from outside Madison), the Wisconsin Entrepreneurs' Network and the Wisconsin
Technology Council will be among the UW-Madison's partners. The program will
also be linked to a new initiative, the Wisconsin Venture Center, to help foster
connections to venture capital.

"Every citizen of the state is a potential 'student,' and we intend to
incorporate entrepreneurship into the value proposition of what the UW offers to
the people of Wisconsin," said Charles Hoslet, managing director of the
UW-Madison Office of Corporate Relations. That office, which serves as a "front
door" for business to the UW campus, is managing the Kauffman grant.

If the program succeeds, it will expand the century-old "Wisconsin Idea," the
notion that the borders of the campus extend to the borders of the state. It
will enhance Wisconsin's capacity to grow its own economy, help students gain
the right skills for the 21st century, and leverage a mix of programs to build a
stronger entrepreneurial climate.

The states that will prosper in the "Knowledge-Based Economy" are those which
value education, innovation and entrepreneurship. Wisconsin has a strong
foundation, and the Kauffman Foundation grant will help build upon it.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Tom Still is president of the Wisconsin Technology Council. He is the
former associate editor of the Wisconsin State Journal in Madison.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The McDowell News (Marion, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 28, 2009 Wednesday

Heritage money will help Carson House, preserve history

BYLINE: Mike Conley, The McDowell News, Marion, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 708 words


Jan. 28--The Blue Ridge National Heritage Area announced 19 grants totaling more
than $250,000 in funding designed to preserve and promote western North
Carolina's rich heritage.

Two heritage projects in McDowell County got grant money. The Historic Carson
House received a $10,000 grant for the repair and stabilization of a century-old
barn. The McDowell County Tourism Development Authority was awarded a $7,500
grant for an oral history project that will preserve local stories and make them
available for the promotion of tourism and heritage programs.

"Our county's history has been well hidden, and, with the assistance of this
grant, we will begin to preserve and share our heritage with others," said Carol
Price, executive director of the McDowell County Tourism Development Authority.

The directors of the Carson House plan to someday restore and secure the old
barn on the property. The barn stores antique farm equipment and implements. It
could be turned into an exhibit about agriculture in the 19th century. The
structure also stores an antique wagon, one of only two in North Carolina. It
was built in old Salem prior to 1880.

The cost of renovating the barn is estimated to be around $20,000, and the
Carson House has to raise matching funds, said Jim Haney, chairman of the
house's board of directors.

The Carson House's directors hope to add a separate storage facility that would
allow for museum displays to be changed periodically and provide additional
space for new artifacts when they are donated to the museum. Ideally, the
storage building would also house a small gift shop and public restrooms.

The oral history project involves interviews with local historians such as Anne
Swann or Haney and other local residents.

"We want to talk to a variety of people," said Price. "We haven't really
established who they will be. I would like to hear from the public. I know we
have a lot of stories out there that we haven't heard about."

For example, the oral history project could focus on local culture and arts.
Families that have a tradition in making mountain music or a certain craft could
be interviewed.

The digitally recorded oral histories would be used in a variety of mediums and
formats to market McDowell County as a heritage tourism destination. The project
creates an archive allowing other nonprofit historical organizations to access
it for their own marketing and promotions. The oral history archives can get new
footage throughout the years.

Anyone who would like to be a part of the project can contact Carol Price at
cprice@mcdowellnc.org or call 668-4282.

The cost of conducting the oral history is estimated to be $16,000, which
includes the professional filming and editing work.

Funded by the federal dollars the Blue Ridge National Heritage Area receives,
the 19 grant awards will help support diverse initiatives across the North
Carolina mountains and foothills, focusing on crafts, music, natural heritage,
Cherokee traditions and the region's legacy in agriculture.

"We've seen a lot of innovative grant ideas come from local community planning,"
said BRNHA Executive Director Penn Dameron.

The grant awards focused on projects identified and included in local heritage
development plans prepared by volunteer Heritage Councils in each of the 25
counties that comprise the Blue Ridge National Heritage Area. The McDowell
County Heritage Plan can be found in the "About Us" section of the BRNHA Web
site, www.blueridgeheritage.com.

"The grants will help preserve the region's heritage and stimulate economic
opportunity through more visitation," said John Cooper, BRNHA board chairman.

Dameron added, "The total economic impact from these grants is almost $1.2
million -- when you add the $925,000 pledged as local matching contributions for
these projects to the $250,000 in grant awards."

To see more of The McDowell News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mcdowellnews.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The McDowell News, Marion, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090128-MQ-Heritage-money-will-help-Carson-House-preserve-history-0128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MQ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              950 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Artsnb aims to help out aboriginal artists

SECTION: A; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 729 words


The New Brunswick Arts Board is hoping the addition of two new temporary
positions within its ranks will help boost the aboriginal arts community in the
province.

The New Brunswick Arts Board (artsnb) and the Joint Economic Development
Initiative (JEDI) announced this week the hiring of two part-time aboriginal
outreach officers to a one-year contract, to work out of the artsnb office and
to travel throughout the province to deliver workshops and outreach in
aboriginal communities.

"Artsnb sees that there is great opportunity for socio-economic impact through
arts programming," said Akoulina Connell, executive director of artsnb. "There's
a social development side, of course. Any arts programming is cultural
programming and therefore feeds into the health of the community."

Artsnb, an arm's length funding agency legislated to promote the creation of art
and administer funding for artists in the province, had a pilot project a few
years ago that saw the hiring of two aboriginal outreach workers. It greatly
increased the number of aboriginal artists who sought support for their work, 27
in the fiscal year 2008-2009.

Since then, without the outreach workers, that number has fallen to an average
of two per year, said Connell.

"The proportion of aboriginal artists who are successful in our programing
currently doesn't reflect the reality in our population, and that needs to
change," she said.

Artsnb is working with a circle of First Nations elders to establish permanent
programs.

"We've had two meetings with the premier about it, and it seems to be moving in
a very positive direction, that would actually work to answer the equity
challenge, which is to level the playing field so that there are cultural
criteria for specific programs to be accessed by aboriginal artists that would
be juried by peer juries who are aboriginal artists themselves with two
full-time program officers who would be running those programs," she said.

Connell said while they work toward establishing those regular programs
hopefully within a year, the contracted aboriginal outreach workers will provide
help to First Nations artists in the interim.

Katie Nicholas and Natalie Sappier, both aboriginal artists from Tobique First
Nation and both recent graduates of the New Brunswick College of Craft and
Design in Fredericton, have been hired as the part-time workers.

"The primary objectives are for these outreach officers to establish contact
with each community, to go into the community and run workshops to illuminate
what programming is actually available at artsnb and how to write a successful
grant application," Connell explained.

They are also going to seek possible artist mentors and potential jury members
to aid in the grant process. Asked why she feels this is so important, Connell
said, "If we wish to have a cohesive, collaborative identity as New
Brunswickers, valorizing the art of the first people of our province is an
absolutely essential foundation stone."

Natalie Sappier said she has been a painter for about a decade and she was never
aware of the resources available to artists in the province.

"That's what happens in urban areas," she said. "When we're in these communities
that are not close to a place like Fredericton or Moncton, cities, you're not
really sure what's going on. Sometimes you have to make that step in to where
there's galleries and tourists and people who travel in who are looking for art
and culture that there is this demand."

She said the roles that she and Nicholas will take on are needed and will
motivate aboriginal artists to grasp onto opportunities to exhibit their work
and be known as an artist. JEDI, which works to support aboriginal people in the
province achieve their community economic development potential, provided
$40,000 in funding through their aboriginal internship fund for this project,
coming from the provincial and federal governments.

"Our people in our communities don't really look at (art) as a way in which they
can get funding, in a way in which they can get trained and hopefully by having
these two young women go to the communities and have workshops and discuss it
and use themselves as role models because they did graduate from the arts and
crafts college, they'll encourage them and connect them to the college so that
more aboriginal people can go to it," said Alex Dedam, president of JEDI.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Tyler Morning Telegraph (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 10, 2012 Thursday

Tyler annexes UT system hospital

BYLINE: Jacque Hilburn-Simmons, Tyler Morning Telegraph, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 618 words


May 10--A message printed on bright orange T-shirts seemed to say it all: "Proud
to be annexed."

The shirts and the sea of people wearing them provided a lively backdrop for a
Wednesday morning gathering to celebrate the recent voluntary annexation of The
University of Texas Health Science Center at Tyler into the Tyler city limits.

Tyler city leaders agreed in March to annex the hospital's 593.11-acre campus,
11937 U.S. Highway 271, after receiving a request from hospital representatives.

Officials representing the health science center and the city came together
publicly not only to affirm the new union, but also to announce the formation of
a new internship program for business and civic leaders that kicks off in
November.

"This is a wonderful day for us," Dr. Kirk Calhoun, health science center
president, said. "Our campus, like The University of Texas at Tyler, is now part
of the city of Tyler."

Calhoun said the facility has enjoyed the distinction of having Tyler in its
name, but now it is an official corporate citizen.

"Mayor, I promise you we'll be good citizens," said Calhoun, who was presented
with a key to the city and a white medical coat featuring the city of Tyler
logo.

The annexation made Tyler one of a handful of Texas cities to have a university
medical center that's part of The University of Texas system, following the lead
of Dallas and San Antonio.

Officials said the center already provides a tremendous boon for the area's
economy through revenue generated from patient care, million-dollar biomedical
research grants, business expansions, health care training and construction
dollars, and also as an employer.

"This institution has always been a critical part of this region," Mayor Bass
said.

The city's Industry Growth Initiative plan identifies higher education and
health care industries as critical components of Tyler's local economy, the
mayor said.

"This is a perfect match for what we're trying to do," she said, noting the
various technical and educational aspects offered by the facility will be an
important player in continuing to boost the economic viability of the area.

Health care provides for more than 25,000 jobs in the region and has an economic
impact estimated at $3.1billion, officials said.

To better communicate the positives, Calhoun and the mayor agreed to create a
new internship program that includes representatives from the business and
community sectors.

Officials believe the new program can be useful for educating business and civic
leaders about the health science center, then challenge them to come up with
ideas on how to capitalize on it.

"Our big dream is to have a big medical branch here ... to train doctors from
start to finish," the mayor said. "That's not an overnight process."

But dreams can become reality when people work together, officials said, noting
the internship program could play a key role in fulfilling the city's goals.

"We've been working with the city and staff for about six or seven months," said
Mac Griffith, University of Texas Health Science Center at Tyler vice president
and chief development officer.

About 20 invitations will be sent to area leaders to join the first internship
class.

The program is to cover four areas: education, research, patient care and
economic development, officials said.

"They will learn about how the health science center operates," Griffith said.

Topics are expected to include issues such as new technology, physician
shortages and medication development, as explained by health experts, scientists
and health professionals.

___ (c)2012 Tyler Morning Telegraph (Tyler, Texas) Visit Tyler Morning Telegraph
(Tyler, Texas) at www.tylerpaper.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120510-TY-Tyler-Annexes-UT-System-Hospital-20120510

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TY


                     Copyright 2012 Tyler Morning Telegraph


                              952 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

Tampa International expansion takes flight[JUMP]Ceremony officially launches $1B
project to upgrade airport

BYLINE: YVETTE C. HAMMETT Tribune staff

SECTION: METRO; Business; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 613 words



HIGHLIGHT: Airport breaks ground on $1 billion upgrade.


TAMPA - A well-tilled box of soil took center stage atop the economy parking lot
at Tampa International Airport on Thursday as aviation officials, politicians
and local economic gurus celebrated the largest expansion in the airport's
history.

With construction set to begin in just a few short days on a $1 billion
expansion at the airport, CEO Joe Lopano couldn't wipe the grin off his face. I
can't stop smiling, he said as he took the stage to kick off the groundbreaking,
which drew several hundred to the sixth floor of the parking garage.

Dozens flipped the dirt in the box, symbolizing the beginning of this massive
undertaking.

Lopano thanked Gov. Rick Scott at least three times during the presentation for
agreeing with regional lawmakers that a

$194 million state grant to help the expansion happen is a good investment not
just for the airport or the region, but for Florida.

The project, which includes a 2 million square-foot consolidated rental car
facility, a new 1.4 mile people mover to get people there and a renovated main
terminal with  new concessions and a sizeable outdoor terrace, is expected to
include about 9,000 construction jobs.

There are 7,500 employees at the airport, including those working for the
airlines, the airport, rental car companies, restaurants and shops. The
expansion is expected to create 1,000 more permanent jobs at the airport by
2018.

Lopano recognized one young man - Richard Hudson - sitting in the crowd wearing
a hard hat, as someone who already is benefiting from the expansion. Hudson was
unemployed until finding a job at the project, he said.

It took us three years of work to get to this point, Lopano said, and the
governor was a key player, as were a handful of state legislators who pushed for
the multimillion-dollar grant that is helping pay for the expansion. The
project, he said, will transform the airport that has transformed this
community.

This is the first major expansion to Tampa International Airport since it opened
in 1971.I can't imagine a better time to be chairman of the aviation authority,
Board Chairman Robert Watkins said. The airport is the crown jewel of this
community and this first phase of a multiyear master plan will help double its
passenger capacity from 17 million today to 34 million by 2033, he said.There is
electricity coursing through the veins of the city, said Tampa Mayor Bob
Buckhorn, who sits on the Hillsborough County Aviation Authority Board. Tampa
has emerged through the wreckage of a major recession and has come out stronger
to grow into the future, he said.

Buckhorn said getting to this point, with construction set to begin Dec. 2,
could not have happened without political cooperation from both sides of the
table. This airport is bigger than what divides us, he said. The airport, in an
average year, has a $7.8 billion impact on the local economy.

Much of the work on this project - about $122 million worth - will be done by
women- and minority-owned businesses, said State Sen. Minority Leader Arthenia
Joyner, D-Tampa, who as a past member of the aviation authority helped establish
the airport program to encourage minority contracts.State Rep. Dana Young,
R-Tampa, who approached the governor for the grant the airport received, she
said has no doubt the expansion will be an economic driver for the region. The
economic impact of this project cannot be overstated.What's going to happen here
over the next couple of years will seal our place on the world stage, Buckhorn
said.

In addition to the state grant, the expansion is being funded with a mixture of
airport bond initiatives and federal grants.

yhammett@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7127

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

Tampa International expansion takes flightCeremony officially launches $1B
project to upgrade airport

BYLINE: YVETTE C. HAMMETT Tribune staff

SECTION: METRO; Business; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 613 words



HIGHLIGHT: Airport breaks ground on $1 billion upgrade.


TAMPA - A well-tilled box of soil took center stage atop the economy parking lot
at Tampa International Airport on Thursday as aviation officials, politicians
and local economic gurus celebrated the largest expansion in the airport's
history.

With construction set to begin in just a few short days on a $1 billion
expansion at the airport, CEO Joe Lopano couldn't wipe the grin off his face. I
can't stop smiling, he said as he took the stage to kick off the groundbreaking,
which drew several hundred to the sixth floor of the parking garage.

Dozens flipped the dirt in the box, symbolizing the beginning of this massive
undertaking.

Lopano thanked Gov. Rick Scott at least three times during the presentation for
agreeing with regional lawmakers that a $194 million state grant to help the
expansion happen is a good investment not just for the airport or the region,
but for Florida.

The project, which includes a 2 million square-foot consolidated rental car
facility, a new 1.4 mile people mover to get people there and a renovated main
terminal with  new concessions and a sizeable outdoor terrace, is expected to
include about 9,000 construction jobs.

There are 7,500 employees at the airport, including those working for the
airlines, the airport, rental car companies, restaurants and shops. The
expansion is expected to create 1,000 more permanent jobs at the airport by
2018.

Lopano recognized one young man - Richard Hudson - sitting in the crowd wearing
a hard hat, as someone who already is benefiting from the expansion. Hudson was
unemployed until finding a job at the project, he said.

It took us three years of work to get to this point, Lopano said, and the
governor was a key player, as were a handful of state legislators who pushed for
the multimillion-dollar grant that is helping pay for the expansion. The
project, he said, will transform the airport that has transformed this
community.

This is the first major expansion to Tampa International Airport since it opened
in 1971.I can't imagine a better time to be chairman of the aviation authority,
Board Chairman Robert Watkins said. The airport is the crown jewel of this
community and this first phase of a multiyear master plan will help double its
passenger capacity from 17 million today to 34 million by 2033, he said.There is
electricity coursing through the veins of the city, said Tampa Mayor Bob
Buckhorn, who sits on the Hillsborough County Aviation Authority Board. Tampa
has emerged through the wreckage of a major recession and has come out stronger
to grow into the future, he said.

Buckhorn said getting to this point, with construction set to begin Dec. 2,
could not have happened without political cooperation from both sides of the
table. This airport is bigger than what divides us, he said. The airport, in an
average year, has a $7.8 billion impact on the local economy.

Much of the work on this project - about $122 million worth - will be done by
women- and minority-owned businesses, said State Sen. Minority Leader Arthenia
Joyner, D-Tampa, who as a past member of the aviation authority helped establish
the airport program to encourage minority contracts.State Rep. Dana Young,
R-Tampa, who approached the governor for the grant the airport received, she
said has no doubt the expansion will be an economic driver for the region. The
economic impact of this project cannot be overstated.What's going to happen here
over the next couple of years will seal our place on the world stage, Buckhorn
said.

In addition to the state grant, the expansion is being funded with a mixture of
airport bond initiatives and federal grants.

yhammett@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7127

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              July 1, 2016 Friday

Preserving the Beddagana Wetland for Flood Protection, Conservation Education,
and Improved Quality of Life

LENGTH: 824 words

DATELINE: New York






    Colombo: The feeling while walking along the newly constructed boardwalk in
Beddagana Wetland Park is calm and serene. The pathways are surrounded by lush
vegetation, wildlife and lookout points where visitors can get a 365 degree view
of the park. It feels like a nature preserve but in fact is located within the
heart of Sri Lanka's administrative capital, Sri Jayawardenapura Kotte in
Colombo district. In addition to being beautiful to visit, wetlands are an
important part of Colombo's flood management system and help keep the city cool
during periods of extreme heat. Why was this biodiversity park constructed as
part of the World Bank supported flood management project?



    Since 2013, the Metro Colombo Urban Development Project has been supporting
the government in reducing flooding in the catchment, the collection of rainfall
over a natural area, of the Colombo Water Basin. In addition, it strengthens the
capacity of local authorities in the Colombo Metropolitan Area to rehabilitate,
improve and maintain infrastructure and services through selected large-scale
demonstration investments such as the park, which was a Rs. 181 million (around
$ 1.2 million) investment.





   " Sri Lanka has a unique opportunity to protect its wetlands to prevent
flooding and provide cooling during times with high temperatures. Countries
around the world are realizing the importance of preserving wetlands and green
spaces. The Government of Sri Lanka has developed a Wetland Management Strategy
in partnership with the World Bank. We are delighted to contribute our global
experience to support Sri Lanka in its journey to preserve wetlands, educate the
public, and reduce the social and economic impacts of floods in Colombo.  "

   <h4>
    Francoise Clottes</h4>
   Country Director, World Bank Sri Lanka and the Maldives





   Wetlands Park

   It is estimated that if Colombo was to lose all its wetlands, then the
Colombo Metropolitan Region (CMR) would be at a risk of losing 1% of its GDP on
average each year due to flood damage - similar to damages suffered in the
massive floods that paralysed Colombo in November 2010.

   The Wetland Park is critical for many reasons: It provides a relaxing
recreational facility, helps with flood control, provides a refuge for flora and
fauna, and moderates the temperature of the immediate surrounds. The park can
also educate the public about the city's natural resources as well as providing
much-needed open space and walking paths.

   The Beddagana demonstrative initiative is a first of its kind in Colombo. It
has provided an exciting and unique experience in:


    Conservation and management of degraded wetlands through the provision of
thoughtfully designed public access for education and recreation.

    Income generation for the city - it has been estimated that the recreational
potential of the wetlands is approx about Rs 2 billion annually (around $13.6
million)

    Protecting the City's natural capital against heightened risks of climate
change induced disaster


   "The Metro Colombo Urban Development Project, since inception in 2013 has
completed most of its demonstrative initiatives such as Beddagana Wetlands Park.
The complex and major works that would speed up efforts to reduce floods are yet
to come. The World Bank is working in close collaboration with the Government of
Sri Lanka and its citizens to reduce floods in the Colombo Metropolitan Region".


   -          Yoonhee Kim, Senior Urban Economist and Project Leader for MCUDP

   Metro Colombo Urban Development Project (MCUDP)

   This project is the first Bank supported urban development project in Metro
Colombo. The Bank has provided $213 million and the Government $100 million. The
Bank has also mobilized a Japan Policy and Human Resources Development Fund
(PHRD Grant) and Global Facility for Disaster Risk and Reduction (GFDRR) to
further studies on flood mitigation and Colombo's urban wetlands. Technical
Financing has ensured robust decision making and analytical working, for example
establishing the cost benefit of the city's wetlands.

   Over the coming years, the project will undertake an ambitious flood
management program including drainage, underground tunnels and canal
construction, flood gates and water diversion. It will also create a flood
management system to maintain the drainage network. The estimated population of
2,553,000 people living and working in Colombo are all beneficiaries, however,
the direct flood mitigation beneficiaries are estimated to be about 232,000
people.

   Colombo will be better prepared for the future as its residents will be less
vulnerable and more resilient to flooding. This will help protect the city's
increasing population, infrastructure and natural environment. A more resilient
and livable Colombo will help reduce poverty and promote prosperity and help Sri
Lanka realize its development potential.




LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              955 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          The San Diego Union-Tribune

                           November 4, 2004, Thursday

California to soon take the lead in stem cell research

BYLINE: By Terri Somers

LENGTH: 1267 words



Let the scramble for the cash begin.

By approving a proposition Tuesday that will make $ 3 billion in state funds
available over the next decade for stem cell research, California voters made
the state the likely world center for science that may one day lead to
treatments for some of the world's most devastating diseases. "This dwarfs what
any other political entity in the world is spending," said David Greenwood,
executive vice president of Menlo Park-based Geron Corp., which owns 15 U.S.
stem cell patents and has filed for 200 more. It makes California the best place
to be to conduct stem cell research, said Bob Lanza, vice president of
scientific development at Advanced Cell Technologies in Massachusetts. He said
the 15-employee company plans to open an office in California.

The measure, Proposition 71, establishes the California Institute for
Regenerative Medicine, which will dole out about $ 300 million annually in
grants over the next decade. It will cost the taxpayers about $ 6 billion to
repay the tax-exempt bonds that will fund the research. One day after the
initiative passed, research facilities, biotechnology companies and business
development groups were planning how they will lobby for part of the funding.

Biocom, the San Diego biotechnology industry trade group, is already lobbying
for the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine to be located here, said
Joe Panetta, who heads Biocom.

"I can't think of a better place for it," said Panetta, pointing out that the
region is a national leader in biotechnology research. The institute's governing
body, which will be appointed within 40 days of the election, will include four
appointees from the biotechnology industry. "This should provide us some
opportunity as well," Panetta said. "There are many people in San Diego biotech
who have broad experience and who fit the requirements, which stipulate that
they not benefit directly from the grants they award."

Opponents of the measure, who had argued that it was too expensive, warned that
they will monitor how taxpayer dollars are spent. "We will press the case for
public oversight, transparency and accountability in human genetic research in
California and nationally," said Center for Genetics and Society associate
executive director Marcy Darnovsky. "The backers of Prop. 71 want Californians
to hand over the money and then just trust them to do what's right. The stakes
are far too big for that." Stem cells are the master cells of the body that grow
and multiply and then morph into all the differentiated cells that make up bone,
tissue and blood. Researchers believe that by harnessing the cells' ability to
turn into differentiated cells, stem cells may eventually be used to replace
tissue and organs damaged by disease.

While cures from this research could be years away, Proposition 71 will
immediately provide scientists the funding they need to develop the basic
processes of the science, such as how to extract stem cells and how to get them
to multiply and thrive, as well as helping scientists determine how they morph
into organs, blood, bone and nerves.

"The return on investment is not going to be short term. The science is still
too basic at this point for that," said David Gollaher, who heads the California
Healthcare Institute. "Otherwise, we'd see a lot more venture capital investment
in this area than we do."

Several researchers and biotech insiders predicted that scientific breakthroughs
that will lead to patents, which will ultimately be licensed by companies that
want to use them to develop commercial products, will begin trickling out in two
to five years.

But there will be some indirect financial benefits in the short term, Gollaher
said.

"These people are going to need labs, and the building of that infrastructure
will have an immediate economic impact," he said. VistaGen Therapeutics, a
biotech company based in the Bay Area, has been working with embryonic stem
cells from mice to help pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies test the
efficacy and toxicity of drug candidates in test tubes. The company was using
stem cells from mice because of limitations that President Bush placed on the
embryonic stem cells researchers could use if they were receiving crucial
federal grants.

Now the company plans to expand its use of human embryonic stem cells and try to
win some of the state grants to do it, said Franklin Rice, VistaGen's senior
vice president for finance and administration. Researchers have said Bush's
limits, which were installed in deference to people who oppose the research
because it destroys days-old embryos, stymied the science and drove some
scientists abroad where they could work more freely. Proposition 71 removes
those obstacles, said Jeanne Loring, a stem cell researcher at the Burnham
Institute in La Jolla. She said she anticipates that several other California
companies that have worked somewhat in secrecy on stem cells will begin to be
more public.

The initiative's backers said their success was even more crucial to the science
because of President Bush's re-election. Bush has said he has no plans to lift
the limitations, while Sen. John Kerry had advocated lifting the restrictions
and spending $ 100 million a year on embryonic stem cell research. Last year,
the federal government spent $ 25 million on embryonic stem cell work and $ 190
million on adult stem cell research.

While companies are eligible for Proposition 71 funds, it is likely that the
majority of the money will be directed toward research institutions, where the
bulk of the science is conducted. That's also where the majority of
breakthroughs occur, Loring said.

"Burnham's already had several people approach and ask us if we have technology
that they can license," Loring said. "But we are pretty business savvy here, and
I think we are going to try to use that technology ourselves, and perhaps spin
off companies."

The University of California formed a committee about a month ago to begin
discussing how the institution should organize itself if Prop. 71 passed, said
Edward W. Holmes, dean of UCSD's School of Medicine and the committee's vice
chair.

Five of the 24 members of the oversight board that will govern how Prop. 71
money is spent will come from the five UC campuses with medical schools, Holmes
said.

He said San Diego, with its medical school at UCSD and high-profile biomedical
labs, "is better positioned probably than any other city in the nation" to
advance stem cell biology from basic research to clinical treatments. Meanwhile,
some local biotechnology companies expect to see an immediate benefit from the
initiative.

Invitrogen, a biotechnology "tool" company in Carlsbad, is the largest provider
of the media that stem cells grow in. Currently the majority of its clients for
that product line are based abroad, in Singapore, Australia and the United
Kingdom, where the research has advanced without as much public opposition as in
the United States, chief executive Greg Lucier said. That will change, now that
the science has the funding to open up in California, Lucier said.

"When funding comes in for research like this, a lot of that money typically
gets spent on experimentation," Lucier said. "Being the No. 1 provider of
experimental tools, this is a very good thing for Invitrogen."


Staff writer Bruce Lieberman and Reuters contributed to this report.



-----

To see more of The San Diego Union-Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.uniontrib.com.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SD-STEM-CELL-20041104

JOURNAL-CODE: SD

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                   Copyright 2004 The San Diego Union-Tribune


                              956 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                               May 8, 2005 Sunday

Region awaits word on Hanscom's future

BYLINE: REBECCA LIPCHITZ, Sun Staff

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 833 words


The case has been made. Tens of thousands of jobs are at stake, and with them,
the economy of innovation around which Massachusetts has built an identity. And
now the advocates and employees and families of Hanscom Air Force base and the
Natick Soldiers Systems Center can only wait.

Communities around the country are braced for news from the Department of
Defense about which bases will be chosen to close, move or stay open. The DOD's
Base Realignment and Closure [BRAC] report naming the bases chosen for closure
or realignment, must be released by May 16, but is anticipated as early as this
week.

At the outset of this BRAC round, DOD officials said they expected to close as
many as 25 percent of U.S. military bases at home and abroad, but Secretary of
Defense Donald Rumsfeld said Thursday that the number of closures is expected to
be half that.

But even if Hanscom is spared from the list of closures named next week, the
fight for its safety will continue until the process officially ends Sept. 8.
After the list is announced, the nine-member BRAC commission will hold meetings
around the country. After that, the list could still change.

"Any way you cut this, there is a game plan for this process that will continue
throughout the summer," said Robert Halpin, president of the Merrimack Valley
Economic Development Council. "We need to be engaged in this process."

That process has been led by the Massachusetts Defense Technology Initiative
[MassDTI], an agency formed to advocate for the Hanscom Air Force Base and the
Natick Systems Center.

Its case is supported by a study by Michael Goodman, director of the Donahue
Institute of University of Massachusetts, which Goodman titled "More than
Dollars Alone."

It showed that the Hanscom and Natick combined represent, directly and
indirectly, 33,178 jobs, $1.88 billion in annual payroll, and $3.24 billion in
annual economic activity in the state.

"The dollars and jobs generated are substantial, but in addition, [the bases]
play a key role in the commonwealth's innovative ecology," Goodman said.

He also found that jobs supported by the base often come with salaries above the
state average, and exist through a diverse group of employers across the state.

Major contractors that draw on base activity include MITRE Corp. in Bedford, MIT
in Cambridge, Raytheon, including Tewksbury and Andover locations, Malden Mills,
BAE Systems in Bedford and Nashua, N.H., and Titan Systems of Chelmsford.

"The stakes are really high," Goodman said, adding that MITRE officials have
said that if Hanscom's contracts move elsewhere, the company may move with them.

While the economic impact of the bases is indisputable, but that's not the only
reason to keep them, Goodman said.

U.S. Rep. Marty Meehan agrees. "As much as [economic impact] motivates us, we
need to make the argument that this technology is critical to national
security," he said.

Hanscom and Natick provide research and development for military technology,
unlike many bases focused on military operations.

Developments made on behalf of defense-related research and development also
benefits the local economy and consumers at large.

For example, Goodman said, Konarka Technologies, of Lowell, has developed "power
plastic" that acts as a lightweight solar battery. The company was born at UMass
Lowell with the help of a grant from the Natick Soldiers Systems Center to
develop military technology.

But the Department of Defense is less concerned, officials say, about the local
economy and more concerned about the value of the base to the future of the
military.

Sen. Edward Kennedy said the base is indispensable to the military of the
future.

"A great deal depends on the importance the Pentagon gives to the value of each
of its bases across the country in monitoring the surge in demand for
cutting-edge technology to improve the capability of our forces as soon as
possible," Kennedy said.

"Our Massachusetts bases have a very, very strong case to make that their unique
access to the state's high-tech community is indispensable in this
transformation, and I'm hopeful the Pentagon will agree."'

MassDTI President Alan MacDonald said he feels a bit like he's waiting for that
college acceptance letter.

"Will I get the thick envelope, or the thin envelope?" he said. "Either way, our
federal, state and local leaders have combined to make a coordinated a
comprehensive effort to make a compelling case to the commission."

Massachusetts has spoken with its wallet as well as its words. The state
approved a $261 million bond bill to support expansion of the bases if the DOD
deems necessary.

But effectiveness of the campaign will only be known when the BRAC round is
officially over more than three months from now.

"In a lot of ways, the list coming out isn't the end of the process, it's the
beginning," MacDonald said.

Rebecca Lipchitz's e-mail address is rlipchitz@lowellsun.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              957 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                        JUNE, 2002 Mid-Atlantic Edition

Stand Tall With New York - Pro Bono;
Lawyers Alliance: At The Heart Of The Pro Bono Response

SECTION: STAND TALL NY; Pg. 69

LENGTH: 1540 words

HIGHLIGHT: The Editor interviews Sean Delany, Executive Director of Lawyers
Alliance for New York (LANY); Elizabeth M. Guggenheimer, Legal Director for
LANY, and Ira Friedman, Chairman of the Board for LANY.


Editor: How did you organize yourselves to respond to the aftermath of 9/11?

Delany: One of the in-house members of our board, Andrew Hendry, General Counsel
of Colgate-Palmolive, called immediately and said that it was important for
Lawyers Alliance to get involved in the relief efforts. After September 11, The
Lawyers Alliance Board had a regularly scheduled meeting that took on a greater
urgency and importance. The Board wanted to know how Lawyers Alliance could
perform the most useful function. We realized that we had something special to
offer by playing to our strength in serving the non-profit sector. We quickly
realized there were hundreds of non-profit organizations located in lower
Manhattan south of Canal Street that were affected directly by the disaster.

Guggenheimer: Within a week of the disaster, the Association of the Bar of the
City of New York called a meeting of legal service providers to coordinate
services. Lawyers Alliance realized early on that we could play a valuable role
in providing information to nonprofits that were affected and nonprofits that
wanted to provide assistance. We immediately put together "frequently asked
questions and answers" on nonprofit issues for these groups as well as for
attorneys who wanted to help. We also were able to post our information on the
September 11 section of Probono.net, which is serving as a major Internet
information source in the New York City area for volunteer attorneys.

Editor: I understand that you worked with fire houses that were establishing
relief funds. Sean, could you elaborate on this?

Delany: We are especially proud of this. There was a spontaneous outpouring of
support for the uniformed services personnel who gave and lost so much in the
disaster. Fire houses around the city received significant amounts of
unsolicited contributions from residents and businesses. The firefighters were
not in a position to react to these donations in an organized way at first. They
realized they needed help administering those funds to bring maximum benefit to
the families that lost loved ones in the disaster.

Lawyers Alliance reached out to those fire houses and created the "Adopt a Fire
House Project" that enabled our volunteers to work directly with the fire
houses. We have worked with 11 fire houses, in six cases helping them actually
set up charities.

Firms such as Sullivan & Cromwell and Davis Polk & Wardwell, and the New York
office of the London firm of Linklaters & Alliance have volunteered to take on
these fire houses. They have helped set up benefit programs to be tax
advantageous and meet all legal compliance requirements.

The law of disaster relief has been turned upside down by the September 11
attacks. Many previously held concepts have been questioned because of the
magnitude of the disaster and the extent of the contributions to aid the
recovery. The Lawyers Alliance staff has worked with our volunteers to guide
them through disaster-related changes in the tax code.

We realized that formal training would be appropriate. We held a session for
grant makers, including the fire house funds, who are doing disaster-relief
grant making. We held a separate training session for non-profits who are
providing services in response to the disaster. Those sessions were very popular
and enabled us to make sure that everyone understands the changing rules of
disaster relief.

Editor: What other kinds of needs has Lawyers Alliance been able to help meet?

Delaney: We worked with several mental health organizations that have been
trying to cope with the disaster. They provided counseling services to the
victims and families that were downtown. We worked with one organization that is
setting up a centralized database for mental health service providers so they
could coordinate their efforts more efficiently. That required a new legal
structure. We worked with a number of recreational organizations that were
trying to help families downtown who have lost recreational facilities in the
disaster. They have had both corporate and real estate needs.

Guggenheimer: We also have been dealing with job-related issues, including, job
training and job placement. Organizations in those areas have had to rethink
their activities and shift their focus. We had a third workshop on May 22nd
aimed at community organizations that seek to aid individuals with barriers to
employment, such as immigrants, people who have substance abuse issues, and
those with disabilities.

Delany: We take a comprehensive view of the impact of September 11 in designing
our disaster relief initiative. We believe that the hotel kitchen workers in
midtown who found themselves laid off following September 11 are just as much
victims of the disaster as others who were more obviously affected. When we
design the training sessions it is with that constituency in mind. It is
important to view the impact of the disaster as a series of concentric circles
working outward from lower Manhattan, and not to forget that the economic
impacts go beyond the downtown neighborhoods. In the months following September
11, we began working with organizations in lower Manhattan neighborhoods away
from Ground Zero. The lower East Side suffered tremendously in the reduction in
its business activity following the disaster. The Lower East Side's Business
Improvement District, which is a client of ours, sought our help in trying to
implement some economic development plans that would bring more traffic to the
area to help merchants who were suffering as a result of September 11.

Editor: Have you been involved in any joint efforts of inside and outside
counsel?

Delany: We worked closely with Pfizer, a firm that is being honored at New York
ACCA's Stand Tall ceremony later this month. Pfizer helped the United Way with
its publicized grant making program. These efforts involved consultation with
lawyers from Kaye Scholer who have long served the United Way. Going forward, we
hope there will be more similar joint efforts as we further publicize this work
and involve more in-house lawyers.

Guggenheimer: Certain areas of our ongoing work are a good fit for in-house
lawyers. We are seeing employment law issues among agencies having to downsize
or deal with employees who are going through some emotional issues. Some groups
are involved in landlord/tenant issues or are moving and seek assistance from a
real estate attorney for a specific period of time. We also are seeing insurance
law-related issues as groups start to make claims or make new plans for
insurance. In-house attorneys would be invaluable in these areas for nonprofits
who are making a difference. We offer in-house lawyers opportunities that are
matched to their skills and experience.

Editor: What about the groups working to help low-income families in the
affected areas?

Delany: Studies have shown that affordable housing is one of the greatest needs
following September 11. September 11 has created unanticipated economic strain.
The housing market in New York has not softened significantly, and that is
creating a squeeze that makes this issue rise to the top. The key here will be
whether the affordable housing finance development community, which is a
nonprofit community, will be able to secure the financing that it will need to
respond to this demand. Lawyers Alliance will help with the transactional work
that will accompany the development of affordable housing.

Editor: Are the needs of small business in the area being addressed?

Delany: Yes. Kevin Curnin at Stroock & Stroock & Lavan has begun an initiative
to work with small business owners who were directly affected by the disaster.
It is called From The Ground Up. It is a legal initiative specifically to serve
the small business owners downtown who are dealing with the complexity of the
various aid programs that may be available to them. It is not part of Lawyers
Alliance's mission, but it is being handled by one of our closest collaborators.
He recently was honored by the New York State Bar Association for his work.

Guggenheimer: Nonprofit clients of Lawyers Alliance are involved in loans and
grants to small businesses affected by September 11. One example is Seedco,
which has a program for loans to nonprofits as well as for small businesses.
Another example is Brooklyn Economic Development Corporation. Our staff and
volunteer attorneys assist nonprofits that make loans, as well as nonprofits
that are borrowers.

Editor: Would you welcome funding from corporate contributions?

Friedman: Until now the bulk of our funding has come from law firms and, to a
lesser extent, banks. It would be great if the corporate community recognized
the excellent work that Lawyers Alliance is doing and the tremendous needs that
are out there.

Editor: How can companies can contribute to Lawyers Alliance?

Delany: Those who are interested in supporting our work should contact our
Development Director, Nan Lee, at Lawyers Alliance for New York, 330 7th Avenue,
New York, NY 10001 or phone her at 212-219-1800 (ext. 230)or visit our website,
www.lany.org. We would be happy to provide them with information and talk to
them about our plans for the future.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Sean Delany; Photo, Elizabeth M.  Guggenheimer; Photo, Ira
Friedman

            Copyright 2002 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.


                              958 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 27, 2017 Monday

NMSU's Arrowhead Center launches TechSprint accelerator for NM startups

LENGTH: 481  words

DATELINE: New York



 New Mexico: New Mexico University has issued the following news release:



  Arrowhead Center, the economic development engine at New Mexico State
University, has launched a new Arrowhead StartupSprint aimed at all New Mexico
tech startups, regardless of their affiliation with the university.
StartupSprints support growth-driven companies through education, mentorship,
and financing in a short period, cohort-based setting.





 Funded by a gift from NM Gas Company, TechSprint is now accepting applications
for its spring 2017 cohort, which will begin in late March. TechSprint is
designed to test the feasibility of a business idea, with a goal to accelerate
New Mexico technology startups to drive economic growth. Through TechSprint,
teams will receive mentorship, coaching and $2,000 in participant support.



 The three-week sprint program will follow curriculum from Aggie I-Corps,
Arrowhead Center's National Science Foundation Innovation Corps site, to support
tech startup teams as they work to reach a "go" or "no-go" decision about their
business. Nationally, I-Corps is an NSF initiative designed to leverage
university research to create new innovative businesses and increase the
economic impact of inventions created at research institutions around the
country. If the decision is "go," a TechSprint project may receive eligibility
for the national I-Corps program, which includes a $50,000 award.



 While other Aggie I-Corps teams require an NMSU connection - a team member who
is a student, for example - TechSprint offers New Mexico tech startups without
an NMSU affiliation access to I-Corps. The topical focus of projects must be in
an area of science, technology, engineering or mathematics (STEM) normally
supported by the NSF.



 NMSU is one of only 51 academic institutions nationwide to be selected as an
I-Corps Site. Other I-Corps Sites include the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, University of Chicago, Carnegie-Mellon University, Purdue
University, UCLA, University of Pennsylvania and other top research
institutions.



 "We are very excited to be opening up our I-Corps Site and providing access to
technology startups in New Mexico," said Kramer Winingham, who oversees the
Aggie I-Corps program at Arrowhead Center. "I-Corps is a tremendous program that
provides great value through coaching, mentorship and entrepreneurial training -
in addition to great follow-on funding opportunities, including the $50,000 NSF
I-Corps program and SBIR/STTR programs."



 Teams must include an entrepreneurial lead, a technical lead, and a business
mentor. The entrepreneurial lead must be based in New Mexico. Though a full team
is not needed to apply, preference is given to complete team applications. The
three-week program will meet on Friday mornings from March 31 to April 28. Teams
may attend meetings in-person or virtually, for those located across the state.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                            June 25, 2014 Wednesday

Foreman secures NDP nod in New Maryland-Sunbury

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 312 words


Business management consultant Aimée Foreman was nominated as the NDP candidate
in New Maryland-Sunbury at the Grant-Harvey Centre.

Foreman said she is motivated to offer for public office because she believes in
the possibility of a province that develops its greatest natural resource - its
people.

"I want to live in a New Brunswick heralded as the best place to grow business
in the world because it breeds leaders, innovators, and collaborators," Foreman
said in an NDP news release.

Foreman was chief operating officer for Greenarm before founding her consulting
firm.

She specializes in developing strategies that deliver both social and economic
impact, said the news release.

She holds an arts degree in sociology from Sir Wilfrid Laurier University, a
masters of business administration from the University of New Brunswick and was
selected as one of the Top 50 Emerging Leaders in Atlantic Canada.

"Aimée's experience in business and community development is second to none,"
NDP Leader Dominic Cardy said in the news release.

"The people of New Maryland-Sunbury will find a strong and vocal advocate for
their community in Aimée Foreman," he said in the release.

Foreman said she was drawn to the NDP by Cardy's commitment to fiscal
responsibility and innovation in education.

During her career Foreman has been involved in a variety of volunteer
initiatives including having served as chairwoman of the Community Action Group
on Homelessness of which she remains an active member. She is also a member of
the Community Inclusion Network, the New Brunswick Food Security Action Network,
the New Brunswick Network of Excellence in Youth Mental Health, the Canadian
Community Economic Development Network, the local chapter of 100 Women Who Care
and the New Maryland Elementary Parent School Support Committee.

Foreman lives in New Maryland with her husband and two children.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Daily Gleaner
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Crain's Cleveland Business
                                 Print Version

                               February 16, 2015

WHO TO WATCH IN NONPROFITS;
DAVID ROBINSON JR.

BYLINE: Kevin Kleps

SECTION: Pg. 20 Vol. 36

LENGTH: 658  words


DAVID ROBINSON JR. Strategic initiatives director, Plexus

When David Robinson Jr. was hired as the strategic partnership manager for Gay
Games 9, he knew the eight-day event in Cleveland only guaranteed that he would
be employed for about a year.

Robinson started his new job in August 2013, and by the time the prestigious
event had competed its successful run in Cleveland 12 months later, the
25-year-old Akron resident had already landed his next gig - and earned a
special appreciation for what it meant to work in the LGBT community.

"I couldn't have been more proud," Robinson said of his tenure with the Gay
Games.

"We focused on community outreach. Nonprofits and other organizations were
knocking at our door asking how they could help."

Robinson said the Gay Games "brought two groups to the table" in its quest to
spread the word and develop relationships with Northeast Ohio businesses - the
LGBT Community Center of Greater Cleveland and Plexus, the local chamber of
commerce for the LGBT community.

The games later added Cleveland's Neighborhood Progress and CANAPI, an Akron
nonprofit dedicated to HIV support services and LGBT advocacy in Summit and
Portage counties.

Robinson said he modeled the Gay Games' outreach approach after the Cleveland
International Film Festival's partnership programs.

"It was a turnkey program," Robinson said.

"If you wanted to get involved with the nonprofit, here's a packet of
information and here's how you can help. We assembled toolkits for nonprofits to
engage with the games."

The end result was that Gay Games 9 had more than 120 community partners, and a
study completed last December said the event had a total economic impact of
$52.1 million.

Robinson's supervisor for the event, Ann M. Gynn, the games' director of
marketing and communications, said he has "understated confidence and insights
to the topic at hand."

"Whatever he deals with," Gynn added, "he gets it quickly and he responds in the
appropriate manner, and far beyond his years. He's a quiet force."

One of the organizations with which Robinson worked during his tenure with the
Gay Games, Plexus, hired him as its first full-time employee at the conclusion
of the event.

The nonprofit - which encourages organizations to certify if they're LGBT owned
and helps them once they do - had previously had only part-time staff members
since its formation in 2006, Robinson said.

Thanks to a grant from the Greater Cleveland Partnership, Plexus was able to
offer Robinson a full-time job.

Robinson said his primary focus is outreach, particularly as it relates to
getting LGBT-owned businesses to get certified by the National Gay and Lesbian
Chamber of Commerce.

He is especially proud of the fact that Cleveland was one of the first cities in
the country to launch an LGBT-owned business registry.

"By becoming involved with the Gay Games and nonprofits in the area, and seeing
the work they do in the community, it became clear a lot of work needed to be
done," Robinson said. "I felt drawn to that."

Though he still lives in Akron, where he found his first job out of college,
Robinson said, "Cleveland is capturing my heart little by little."

He said he enjoys biking, which is the "single most way I decompress."

Gynn, his former Gay Games colleague, said, "Cleveland is lucky to have him."

* If you weren't working in the nonprofit sector, what would you be doing and
why?

"I'd most likely be doing something that involves people ... Although a 9-to-5
job seems very foreign to me, I'd likely end up in a field that requires
interacting with the community - at whatever level that may be. Most corporate
entities have a community affairs function that would easily fit my passion to
serve.

"Beyond that, I've always loved the atmosphere and unique challenges that are
experienced at marketing and public relations firms.

"During my time at the Gay Games, I got an opportunity to explore crisis
communications, which undoubtedly piqued my curiosity."

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CL


                      Copyright 2015 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             June 5, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Banff council gives green light to explore paid parking; Some councillors fear
move would drive away tourists

BYLINE: Cathy Ellis, For The Calgary Herald

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 727 words


Banff politicians have given bureaucrats the green light to further investigate
paid parking as a way to deal with traffic troubles in the busy Rocky Mountain
town.

Council has directed administration to look into options for methods by which
paid parking could be introduced, as well as options for use of any revenue for
transportation improvement projects.

"It's safe to say some members of our community look at this as a cash-grab, but
the overall aim is to address parking shortages as well as congestion in peak
times," said Grant Canning, Banff's deputy mayor.

"Certainly there's potentially a revenue component and that could be put into
transportation initiatives ... but this is really about encouraging changes in
behaviour."

Paid parking was shot down by residents in a plebiscite in 2000, but Banff's new
transportation master plan indicates a paid parking system would go a long way
toward fixing Banff's parking shortage and traffic troubles.

Last month's vote was not unanimous, though, with councillors Paul Baxter and
Stavros Karlos saying they could only consider paid parking if the rest of
council agreed to build a parkade or intercept parking lot in advance.

Baxter and Karlos also had serious concerns about the economic impact of paid
parking, fearing it would give neighbouring Canmore a competitive advantage,
particularly with Calgarians.

"If you put paid parking downtown, people are just going to park on the side
streets. We need to give people options like a parkade or intercept parking
first," said Baxter.

"The other issue to consider is our neighbours down the road may use this as a
competitive edge and say, 'Stay in Canmore because you can park for free.'"

Karlos agreed.

"The huge beast in the room is that this will ruin our business because
Calgarians will go to Canmore," he said. "I will only do this if we build a
parkade."

Council didn't agree to build a parkade but did authorize administration to
model traffic movements in 2014 for various locations for a proposed
multimillion-dollar parkade.

Banff is a town of about 8,200 residents, but in summer and on long weekends the
daily population swells to 25,000 people, forcing RVs, buses and cars to circle
downtown for parking spaces.

Presently, there are 1,400 on-street and off-street stalls in Banff, with the
existing shortfall of 125 spaces expected to grow to 360 within 10 years, and
600 in 20 years based on projections for increased visitation.

The transportation plan, by Calgary-based Bunt & Associates, indicates paid
parking could increase turnover so that stalls are easier to find for visitors
and so congestion caused by vehicles circling to find stalls is reduced.

Interview surveys conducted as part of the transportation study indicated 72 per
cent of visitors would be willing to pay to park, and many were surprised
parking was free in Banff.

Coun. Leslie Taylor voiced strong support for paid parking.

"It seems incongruous that we ask people to pay to ride transit to our downtown,
and yet we all pay through our taxes to provide free parking for private
vehicles," she said.

Taylor said parking technology has improved so much that the Town of Banff can
be flexible with rates and possibly offer parking options to residents.

"If paid parking becomes a reality, I would love to earmark the revenue for
transportation improvements," she said.

Council has asked administration to have the report done by the end of this
year.

Options administration has said could be considered include implementing paid
parking for June, July and August only and allowing free parking outside peak
hours when congestion is less of a problem.

Other options include allowing limited free parking for residents, by using a
smart card for residents with a parking dollar value, or providing cheaper
parking rates in parkades than on the streets.

Adrian Field, the Town of Banff's engineering manager, said one way to move
forward would be to issue a request for proposals to parking management
companies, asking for different methods and solutions.

If council decides to move ahead with paid parking based on the report to come
to them later this year, Field said paid parking would take some time to
implement.

"This will not be in effect this summer. This will take some substantial work,"
he said. "Perhaps 2014 is even a pinch."

Cathy Ellis is a reporter for the Rocky Mountain Outlook

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Calgary Herald, Files; Banff council has approved a study aimed at
introducing paid parking in a bid to alleviate shortages of spaces and decrease
congestion of vehicles circling while looking for a spot during peak times.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              North Devon Journal

                            March 23, 2006 Thursday

Tourism agency gears up for a 10th season

SECTION: Pg. 34

LENGTH: 435 words


A paddle by the seaside, rolling green hills - or simply avoid the airport start
to a holiday.

With the new tourist season only weeks away, the tourism industry is bracing
itself for the Easter influx and the scent of crisp, freshly laundered linen is
in the air.

North Devon has every reason to expect a bright future for the industry due to
the co-operation of businesses large and small under the umbrella of the North
Devon Marketing  Bureau.

The bureau celebrates its 10th birthday this year and the industry has held it
up as a shining example for other tourism marketing initiatives.

The Dartmoor Tourism Association's Philip Davies said: "The North Devon
Marketing Bureau is one of the most professionally run organisations of any
kind, that I know.

"To my certain knowledge it is the envy of tourism associations throughout the
South West.

"What I admire them for the most, is their 'get on and do it' attitude. What
they have achieved for North Devon tourism in the last 10 years is outstanding -
all power to their elbow."

Founded in May 1996 to promote and help local enterprise, the Bureau invested
£4.5 million in advertising the region with the help of a £1.1 million European
Union grant.

The investment has paid dividends.

A study commissioned by South West Tourism demonstrates 10 years of hard work
and continued investment by the Bureau have impacted on the region. The figures
reflect how important tourism is to North Devon, as well as revealing the
economic impact made by visitors.

The figures, showed in 2003 a massive £430 million of business turnover in North
Devon came from tourism.

It also showed £352 million was spent by tourists themselves, with over £95
million of that on food and drink.

More than £61 million of retail turnover was a result of tourism spending and
613 million visitor nights were spent in the area.

Bureau general manager Martin Wickham said: "Together we can continue to
increase the outside interest in the area, which means more tourism income, more
expenditure in local businesses and more ongoing investment and employment.

"In its 10 years, as well as creating one of the biggest marketing drives in the
West Country for North Devon, the bureau has supported local businesses with
help such as individual training, business advice and information and worldwide
promotion.

"I would urge any business that is not supporting the bureau already to contact
us, so that the great work the bureau has done over the last 10 years can
continue."

%For more details about the North Devon Marketing Bureau, contact Mishka on
01271-323030 or visit www.northdevonmarketingbureau.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 North Devon Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 1, 2012 Monday

The Anniston Star, Ala., Business as Usual column

BYLINE: The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 905 words


Oct. 01--By Patrick McCreless

pmccreless@annistonstar.com

Changes are underway at the Calhoun County Chamber of Commerce, with the goal of
better assisting area workers who've lost their jobs due to military cutbacks.

The chamber has shifted personnel and will hire others while simultaneously
expanding services to better help laid-off residents in the community. The
chamber's board of directors approved the changes during a meeting Thursday.

"This is to support the community and support workers who have lost their jobs
due to the downsizing of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan," said John Blue,
chairman of the chamber.

Hundreds of area workers have been laid off in the past year since the last
chemical weapons were destroyed at the incinerator in 2011 and because the
Anniston Army Depot has had less work due to the drawdown of the Iraq and
Afghanistan wars.

Among the changes is the resignation of Sherri Sumners as chamber president.
Instead, Sumners now will be executive director of the Chamber of Commerce
Foundation. Coinciding with the move will be an expansion of the foundation's
mission to include workforce development, entrepreneurship and military and
security affairs. Founded in 1979, the foundation has traditionally been used to
funnel grant money to other groups.

With Sumners in her new role, current chamber director Linda Hearn will handle
the day-to-day operations of the chamber, Blue said.

To help with the expanded services of the foundation, the chamber hired a deputy
program manager and is interviewing for a full-time human resource specialist, a
part-time communications and technology employee and a part-time bookkeeper.

The changes are possible due to a recent $740,000 federal grant for the
chamber's Operation: 1st Rate program. The grant is nearly three times the
amount of money the chamber received last year to establish the program to help
find new jobs for depot and incinerator employees.

Sumners said Operation: 1st Rate will be folded into the foundation as part of
workforce development.

"Placing people in new jobs is our top priority," Sumners said.

To date, more than 500 people have registered with Operation: 1st Rate and the
program has so far found new jobs for more than 120 residents. Sumners said
those jobs will have an estimated $10 million total economic impact on the area.

Currently, the program offers multiple services to help displaced depot and
incinerator workers find new jobs. For example, program employees work with
other companies in the area to fill any jobs with displaced incinerator workers
as soon as they become available.

And in keeping with its expansion efforts, the chamber will open an office for
the Operation: 1st Rate program in the Quintard Mall by the end of October,
Sumners said.

"We'll have expanded hours so people can come by after work," Sumners said.

Oxford businessman to head state trucking association

An Oxford businessman will head the state's trucking trade association for the
coming year.

According to an Alabama Trucking Association press release, the organization
elected Jack Brim, executive director of Oxford-based B.R. Williams Trucking
Inc. as chairman of its board of directors for the 2013 fiscal year.

The 57-year-old resident of Weaver replaced outgoing chairman Bill Ward of Ward
International Trucks in Mobile.

Brim said his plans as chairman include expanding the association's membership
and increasing existing members' participation in association events and safety
initiatives.

"It is my privilege to serve this great Association, and I commend the members
of our leadership board for their commitment to Alabama's trucking community,"
Brim said in the press release.

Brim is vice president of operations for B.R. Williams and has worked at the
trucking and warehousing business since 1985. Prior to that, he spent two
decades in the industry working as a dockhand and driver, eventually working his
way up to various managerial positions for United Parcel Service and Smith's
Transfer, both in Nashville, Tenn.

- Patrick McCreless

Wakefield's earns honor from Carhartt

Longtime local retailer Wakefield's has been recognized by the Carhartt brand of
work clothing for its efforts to to market the brand.

Wakefield's Family Clothing, which operates a store by that name in Anniston,
along with Martin's stores in Anniston, Oxford and several other cities,
received the clothing brand's Hamilton Carhartt Retailer of Excellence for being
a top-selling retailer The local chain was one of four winners, according to a
press release from the clothing manufacturer.

"This is the most prestigious award a Carhartt retailer can win and we are very
proud to honor Wakefield's Family Clothing," Steve Carter, vice president of
corporate sales for Carhartt, was quoted as saying a press release. "Our
retailers are very important to us; they are on the front lines working with our
customers on a daily basis and we are fortunate to have very good retail
partners."

Carhartt representatives visited Anniston last week to present the award to
Wakefield's.

Retailers are selected for the award for their efforts to promote the Carhartt
brand through their sales, product positioning and store marketing to increase
sales and awareness of the brand, according to the press release.

- Star staff

___ (c)2012 The Anniston Star (Anniston, Ala.) Visit The Anniston Star
(Anniston, Ala.) at www.annistonstar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121001-AO-The-Anniston-Star-Ala-Business-as-Usual-column-1001-20121001

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2012 The Anniston Star


                              964 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                             March 13, 2015 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Diet service takes aim at obesity;
Phone help will be free

BYLINE: Henry Belot

SECTION: A; Pg. A007

LENGTH: 488  words


Diet service takes aim at obesity Phone help will be free By Henry Belot A new
community-based nutrition service has been established to counter increasing
rates of obesity through education and awareness.

The ACT Nutrition Support Service was launched on Thursday afternoon after the
ACT Government provided a $419,000 three-year grant to Nutrition Australia ACT,
who will co-ordinate the service in coming years. The initiative will see
accredited dieticians provide free advice over the phone and tailor programs for
Canberrans who need help changing their lifestyle and eating habits.

The launch of the program comes just two days after the ACT Government welcomed
a damning audit by the Heart Foundation that found four out of five food and
drink advertisements aimed at children featured unhealthy products.

According to the 2014 Chief Health Officer's report, more than 60 per cent of
ACT adults were overweight or obese.

After receiving the Heart Foundation ACT audit, Minister for Health Simon
Corbell said approximately one quarter of children aged between 5 and 17 years
were overweight or obese.

"We know that being overweight or obese is a serious health issue worldwide, and
that in the majority of cases, being overweight or obese is linked to poor
dietary choices," Mr Corbell said.

"The social impact of obesity on patients and their families is great, and the
economic impact this has on our health system is significant."

Mr Corbell said the nutrition support service would have a range of information
tailored to community sectors, including food and drink guidelines, nutrition
policy templates, fact sheets, healthy recipes and sample menu plans.

"By providing a one-stop-shop for community organisations and individuals to
access evidence- based nutrition advice, the Nutrition Support Service will help
to address the prevalence of overweight and obesity within the ACT," he said.

After the release of the Heart Foundation ACT audit, Mr Corbell said the
government would consider restrictions on unhealthy food and drink advertising
near schools, but not without extensive public consultation.

The audit found nearly four out of five food and drink ads aimed at children in
shopping centres, supermarkets and near schools promoted unhealthy products. Mr
Corbell said there was "a compelling case" to look closely at the influence of
junk food advertising to ensure it did not undermine healthy food education
schemes. "There are both social and economic costs associated with obesity, and
having an increasing rate of people with weight problems means that more people
in our community will be at risk of developing chronic health conditions," he
said. These include some cancers, type 2 diabetes, mental health conditions,
reproductive complications, sleep apnoea and heart conditions.

The service will be available to community organisations, early childhood
centres, schools and disability and aged-care services.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2015 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     January 3, 2003 Friday FINAL C Edition

UBC: Economic colossus on the Point: Far from being just ivory towers filled
with academics, Vancouver's higher education facilities are vital economic
engines. Today Business BC's Derrick Penner examines the University of British
Columbia.

SOURCE: Vancouver Sun

BYLINE: Derrick Penner

SECTION: Business BC; Brain Power; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 1749 words

First in a series

If the University of British Columbia were to cease operations, it would create
the equivalent of a recession within Greater Vancouver, which is one way to
think about the economic imprint the institution puts on the community.

Education and the creation of knowledge is its reason for being, but when
looking at its budget of close to $1 billion, its more than 9,000 direct jobs
that make it the region's second largest employer, the spinoffs created by its
purchasing, the spending done by its faculty, employees and even students, the
Point Grey institution estimates that it has a $3.8-billion impact on the
region.

It is an impact that exceeds the $3.4 -billion annual income of everyone living
in the city of Richmond, according to the Canada Customs and Revenue Agency.

A recently completed study on UBC's economic impact estimates that the campus
supports up to 23,000 jobs in total. Eliminating UBC from the economy would
create an instant 2.2-per-cent increase in regional unemployment. According to
the study's figures, it would also reduce retail spending within greater
Vancouver by seven per cent.

"The word 'ivory tower,' is pretty derogatory, and you can't say that a faculty
of medicine doing cancer research has ever been in an ivory tower," said Walter
Sudmant, UBC's director of planning and institutional research, and author of
the plainly titled Economic Impact of the University of British Columbia on the
Greater Vancouver Regional District.

"But over the last five to 10 years, there has been a huge awareness of the
university of being part of the community and economic impact is part of that."

He added that professors don't set themselves up as "factories of something for
the sake of economic development," but "if you have good research, good
professional schools and education for students that provides relevant, valuable
training, then you have economic development."

Sitting on 1,000 acres of Point Grey, a leafy-green thumb of land on Vancouver's
west side that juts out into the Straight of Georgia, UBC serves a student
population of just over 35,000.

For its year ending March 31, UBC reported revenue of $960 million. Government
grants and contracts accounted for about half of its operating funds -- $482
million. Tuition and student fees, at $119 million, contributed 12 per cent to
the university's bottom line.

Sudmant estimated that of UBC's $911 million in spending, on everything from
salaries to supplies, $750 million winds up circulating within the Vancouver
area. Assuming the multiplier effect, the theory that every dollar spent
generates further economic activity worth $1.50, and the impact of UBC's
spending is worth well over $1 billion.

Included in the direct spending are the $601 million UBC pays out in salaries,
$32.6 million in building construction and $27.5 million in scholarships and
fellowships. A further $89 million, UBC's miscellaneous expenses, is spent in
the local economy.

Sudmant said UBC employs 3,500 professors, researchers and associates among its
full-time employees. Another 1,700 are in management or professional positions.

Then, behind the scenes, 1,600 clerical employees and 2,600 technical and
trades-people keep the university's functions humming along. And to support the
work of academics, about 5,000 students are hired part time as markers, teaching
assistants or library staff.

Sudmant's report estimates that 15,700 people have some form of employment at
the university and its annual payroll stands at just over $600 million.

Research: As a core function, research also creates an growing wallop for the
economy. Initiatives such as the federal government's Canada Foundation for
Innovation, and Canadian Research Chairs Program, have helped swell UBC's
research base to $250 million.

"I feel like... the kid in the candy store," said Indira Samarasekera, vice
president of research at UBC. "You go around and the morale in the research
community is very high. There is just a sense of excitement. People are really
driven by the prospect of doing research that will truly transform their fields,
but then have huge, positive outcomes for the country as well as global
society."

The university's research funding has more than doubled from $140 million since
she took over her position in 1999. Samarasekera said most of the money comes
from outside sources, and brings with it highly skilled people.

She noted that the Canada Foundation for Innovation is expected to draw $500
million to $600 million for construction of "innovative research space."

Fred Pritchard, director of campus planning and development, said the university
received $69 million in the latest round of federal funding for the foundation.
In turn, that funding triggered additional cash from the province's knowledge
development fund and UBC's own resources.

And, Samarasekera added, the Canada Research Chairs program has provided funds
for UBC to recruit 156 top academics over the next five years. Almost 60 of the
positions have already been filled.

"Frequently, they will come with their whole team [of researchers]," she added.

The university's graduate schools are not the only areas to benefit,
Samarasekera said. The researchers also teach, exposing UBC's undergraduates to
that knowledge. Research is "intimately linked into the educational mission,"
she said.

Samarasekera expects the research component of UBC's operations to grow as
technology-based industries increase in economic importance. Ideas that start as
raw, academic research can turn into valuable products, Samarasekera said.

The Vancouver biotechnology firm QLT, she noted, started with professor Julia
Levy's research, and Westport Innovations' work on clean-burning diesel engines
also began in the labs at UBC.

"[Economic development] is an offshoot. The university is here to educate and
create new knowledge, and that knowledge has impacts on a variety of sources,"
Samarasekera said. "It could be economic, or it could be quality of life."

Spinoffs: Research often results in inventions that can be licensed or developed
by the researcher who invented them.

As the managing director of UBC's university-industry liaison office (UILO),
Angus Livingstone helps academics turn their ideas into commercial products,
either by licensing or by starting their own companies.

The UILO estimates UBC research has spawned 109 companies since 1980. In 2000,
the last time the UILO did its own economic impact study, the spinoff companies
that were still active, employed 2,500 people generating $155 million in annual
revenue.

Students: The economic impact of students should not be overlooked. The campus
serves 28,893 undergraduate and 6,489 graduate students -- and outside of
tuition and fees paid to the university, they spend about $230 million per year.

Sudmant acknowledges that many UBC students are from the community and would
spend their money locally. However, he believes $109 million of student spending
can be considered drawn to the region because of UBC.

Visitors: Though it is not primarily a tourist attraction, Sudmant's report
estimates that UBC does draw about 35,000 visitors per year through its
conference centre and at least as many who are not conference attendees. He
pegged their spending at $103 million, which, through the multiplier, can be
defined as a $135 million economic impact.

Beyond campus: While the value of a university degree is sometimes calculated in
terms of increased income for individual students, Sudmant attempts to put a
value on UBC's role in providing a more skilled workforce for the entire region.

On average, people with university degrees earn higher wages. And using the
estimate of an $11,000 per-year "net economic benefit," Sudmant calculated that
people holding UBC degrees draw $1.4 billion in increased wages. Add a
multiplier effect, and the impact is $2.1 billion.

Linda Thorstad, executive director of the Vancouver Economic Development
Commission, and a member of UBC's board of governors, noted that universities
fulfill a role that will increase in importance as the technology-based segments
of the economy grow.

"As companies become increasingly mobile and more focused on knowledge-based
industries, a highly educated workforce is the first and foremost factor that
comes into consideration when [they] are looking at relocating," Thorstad said.

University lands: The land base of UBC campus helps sustain the university's
operations, but also contributes to overall economic impact. The university's
Point Grey campus was created out of a 4,000-acre land grant from the provincial
government, known as the University Endowment Lands, said Fred Pritchard,
director of planning, campus and community planning for UBC.

He added that today, after its separation from the surrounding residential
community and Pacific Spirit regional park, UBC's land base has been reduced to
about 1,000 acres, but it still is still a big part of the university's economic
impact.

Pritchard said the university allowed the development of Hampton Place, a
residential complex at UBC's south east corner, by writing a 99-year lease with
developers. The lease contributed about $85 million to the university, Pritchard
said, which was designated as an endowment to support operations.

That construction activity also provides other tangible spin offs to the
community in terms of jobs and spending. There are close to half-a-billion
dollars of construction projects under way or on the books, Pritchard said,
including a $110-million life sciences building.

UBC has a capital plan worth $3 billion over the next 10 years, assuming
government and donors can support the expenditures, Pritchard said.

The university's long-term plan calls for the development of a community around
the campus of 14,000 residents, he said.

That will demand the creation of nine million square feet of residential, retail
and commercial construction: about 1.5 per cent of the Lower Mainland's
requirements for growth over the next 20 years.

"Extend that to the multiplier, and it's a very significant contribution to
everything going on in the Lower Mainland," Pritchard said

Saturday: The downtown core is becoming a centre for advanced education -- part
of a deliberate move to bring the ivory tower to the street.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Brain Power

GRAPHIC: Photo: Ward Perrin, Vancouver Sun; Businesses along 10th Avenue profit
from the comings and going of students, teachers and other university workers.;
Color Photo: Ian Smith, Vancouver Sun; Prof. Robert Hancock is the Canada
Research Chair in microbiology at UBC. A core function of UBC, research also
packs a growing economic wallop.

TYPE: Business; Column; Series

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            July 27, 2011 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

N.Y. risks loss of funding from EPA;
Lake cleanliness rule challenged in House

BYLINE: By Jerry Zremski - NEWS WASHINGTON BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 947 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


New York State would lose all of its federal environmental funding for fiscal
2012 -- a figure that would likely surpass three-quarters of a billion dollars
-- under a spending bill heading toward passage in the House this week.

And it's all because the state and the shipping industry are at loggerheads over
how to keep invasive species out of the Great Lakes.

At issue is a stringent new state standard for the cleanliness of the ballast
water stored inside the hulls of ships to keep them balanced -- water that tends
to harbor invasive species, which find a new home when the ballast gets dumped.

An Ohio congressman, arguing that no shipper can possibly meet New York's new
ballast water standard, amended that spending bill to try to get New York to
change its rules.

Under the amendment, any state that imposes ballast water standards that are
tougher than the federal government's will lose all its Environmental Protection
Agency funding.

Rep. Steven C. LaTourette, a Republican, acknowledged in an interview that his
proposal was aimed at New York's new ballast water standards and the state
officials who support them.

"It was designed to get their attention," LaTourette said.

If New York's standards were to take effect as scheduled in August 2013, he
said, "ships would effectively be barred from using the St. Lawrence Seaway, and
the economic impact would be crippling."

But that's not at all how Rep. Louise M. Slaughter, D-Fairport, sees things.

LaTourette's bill "would bar New York State from receiving any restoration
funding from the EPA and leave the Great Lakes to be overrun by private
polluters and the invasive species they have delivered from overseas," Slaughter
said on the House floor.

"Any bill that stands up for foreign shipping magnates but won't provide a cent
to help Americans should never see the light of day and will never receive my
vote," she added.

Environmentalists said LaTourette's amendment is unlikely to survive a
House-Senate conference on the spending bill to which it's attached. And
LaTourette himself said on the House floor that he was open to changes in the
amendment.

But with the spending bill including the amendment likely to pass the House, the
stakes remain huge for New York.

It's impossible to know how much environmental funding New York would get in
fiscal 2012, which begins Oct. 1, if LaTourette hadn't proposed his amendment,
just because the EPA hasn't issued its grants for that year yet.

But in fiscal 2009, the last year for which full federal figures are available,
the EPA spent $868.6 million in New York.

Grants to the state's clean water revolving fund received the majority of that
money -- $507.9 million -- while grants for cleaner drinking water totaled
$123.2 million. Beyond that, New York received EPA money to help clean up Lake
Erie and Lake Ontario, to eliminate radon from buildings and to fund a host of
other environmental initiatives.

LaTourette said his intention was not to bar New York from getting that kind of
money in 2012, but rather to stop the state from destroying the Great Lakes
shipping industry by imposing an impossible standard.

Steven A. Fisher, executive director of the American Great Lakes Ports
Association, said LaTourette's concerns are well-founded.

The New York proposal "would shut down every New York port, costing hundreds of
thousands of jobs" in the Great Lakes and metropolitan New York, Fisher said.
"It would also make it impossible for any commerce to come through the St.
Lawrence Seaway."

Shippers make that case because the New York standards are 100 times more
stringent than pending international ballast water standards for existing ships
-- and 1,000 times more stringent for new ships.

From spinning ballast water to filtering it to exposing it to ultraviolet light,
inventors have developed numerous ways of eliminating zebra mussels and other
unwanted creatures from ballast water.

But the shipping industry argues that none of those existing technologies is
effective enough to make ballast water as clean as New York is demanding.

And in May, the EPA's Science Advisory Board agreed, saying that "wholly new
systems would need to be developed in order to meet more stringent proposed
standards."

That's no great concern, though, to environmentalists, who insist that
technology always gets developed to meet new environmental challenges.

"Standards that are as strong as possible need to be in place to drive the
technology," said Jeff Skelding, campaign director of the Healing Our Waters --
Great Lakes Coalition.

The U.S. Coast Guard is proposing to impose standards that are similar to New
York's, but later in the decade, said Jennifer Nalbone, director of navigation
and invasive species at Buffalo-based Great Lakes United.

And both would be far stronger than the pending international standards, she
added.

The Department of Environmental Conservation, which developed the New York
standards in 2008 while David A. Paterson was governor, declined to comment on
LaTourette's amendment.

Shipping interests insisted that New York's effort was hugely dangerous. In a
letter on the LaTourette proposal, the International Longshoremen's Association
said New York's rules would "cut the United States off from international and
even domestic commerce, threatening hundreds of thousands of jobs for American
families."

But environmentalists worry that LaTourette's proposal not only puts huge
pressure on New York, but also will scare other states out of imposing tough new
efforts to crack down on invasive species.

"It puts states in a lose-lose situation," Skelding said. "It effectively forces
them to go backwards on ballast water protection."

e-mail: jzremski@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              967 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             June 10, 2008 Tuesday
                          2 - All-round First Edition

`Axe $150m drug scheme' - Report a bitter pill for industry

BYLINE: Sean Parnell, FOI Editor

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 458 words


A FIVE-year, $150 million scheme to bolster the pharmaceutical industry has had
little benefit and should be discontinued, according to an independent review
commissioned by the federal Government.

When the Pharmaceutical Partnerships Program (P3) was launched in 2003, then
industry minister Ian Macfarlane predicted it would unlock $500million in new
investment in the industry, help develop products for the global market and
improve links between offshore and local companies.

But a Deloitte evaluation found that, while there had been some increase in
spending on research and development, the program had created only limited
market opportunities and had fostered few new linkages in the industry.

In trying to sum up the program's overall impact, after three rounds of grants
and with the program due to finish next year, Deloitte concluded: ``While the
balance of probability is towards a small negative impact, the actual overall
public and economic impact of P3 is likely very close to neutral.''

The Deloitte report found that, given recent changes to the eligibility rules
for research and development tax concessions, ``there is not a compelling case
for P3 to be continued past 2009 in its current form'' and that the Government
should focus on general rather than sector-specific initiatives.

The pharmaceuticals industry employed 40,000 people in 2004-05 and in the past
financial year had a turnover of $18 billion. With exports of $4 billion in the
12 months to last December, pharmaceuticals were Australia's second-largest
manufactured export after vehicles and automotive components.

But global competition is fierce, and the Pharmaceutical Industry Council faces
significant challenges in its bid to double Australia's share of the market by
2012.

The Deloitte report was completed in May, and having been sought by The
Australian under freedom of information laws, was posted on a government website
last week.

Shortly after the report was completed, Innovation, Industry, Science and
Research Minister Kim Carr released the terms of reference for the
Pharmaceuticals Industry Strategy Group he hopes can develop successful policies
for the industry.

The group, headed by CSL chief executive Brian McNamee and bureaucrat Craig
Pennifold, has been asked to ``examine the drivers and barriers to increasing
productive investment in R&D, clinical trials and manufacturing in Australia''.

Senator Carr wants a draft a directions paper by the end of September, and a
final report by the end of the year.

He hopes to be able to deliver a net economic benefit report by 2020.

The Deloitte report did not recommend a successor to P3, preferring to wait for
the Review of the National Innovation System to be completed and the Government
to respond.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             June 10, 2008 Tuesday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

`Dump $150m scheme' - Report a bitter pill for drug industry

BYLINE: Sean Parnell, FOI Editor

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 458 words


A FIVE-year, $150 million scheme to bolster the pharmaceutical industry has had
little benefit and should be discontinued, according to an independent review
commissioned by the federal Government.

When the Pharmaceutical Partnerships Program (P3) was launched in 2003, then
industry minister Ian Macfarlane predicted it would unlock $500million in new
investment in the industry, help develop products for the global market and
improve links between offshore and local companies.

But a Deloitte evaluation found that, while there had been some increase in
spending on research and development, the program had created only limited
market opportunities and had fostered few new linkages in the industry.

In trying to sum up the program's overall impact, after three rounds of grants
and with the program due to finish next year, Deloitte concluded: ``While the
balance of probability is towards a small negative impact, the actual overall
public and economic impact of P3 is likely very close to neutral.''

The Deloitte report found that, given recent changes to the eligibility rules
for research and development tax concessions, ``there is not a compelling case
for P3 to be continued past 2009 in its current form'' and that the Government
should focus on general rather than sector-specific initiatives.

The pharmaceuticals industry employed 40,000 people in 2004-05 and in the past
financial year had a turnover of $18 billion. With exports of $4 billion in the
12 months to last December, pharmaceuticals were Australia's second-largest
manufactured export after vehicles and automotive components.

But global competition is fierce, and the Pharmaceutical Industry Council faces
significant challenges in its bid to double Australia's share of the market by
2012.

The Deloitte report was completed in May, and having been sought by The
Australian under freedom of information laws, was posted on a government website
last week.

Shortly after the report was completed, Innovation, Industry, Science and
Research Minister Kim Carr released the terms of reference for the
Pharmaceuticals Industry Strategy Group he hopes can develop successful policies
for the industry.

The group, headed by CSL chief executive Brian McNamee and bureaucrat Craig
Pennifold, has been asked to ``examine the drivers and barriers to increasing
productive investment in R&D, clinical trials and manufacturing in Australia''.

Senator Carr wants a draft a directions paper by the end of September, and a
final report by the end of the year.

He hopes to be able to deliver a net economic benefit report by 2020.

The Deloitte report did not recommend a successor to P3, preferring to wait for
the Review of the National Innovation System to be completed and the Government
to respond.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              969 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            January 5, 2012 Thursday

Waseela-e-Taleem

BYLINE:  ALIYAN MALIK - VIA EMAIL

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Vol. XLVIII No. 5

LENGTH: 574  words


A social safety net programme with the name of Benazir Income Support Programme
(BISP) was established in 2008 to tackle the catastrophic impacts of inflation
and price hike on the poor, caused by recession in the world markets and highly
increased food and fuel prices.

The Programme was launched initially for providing a fixed monthly cash grant to
millions of poor families.

This monthly cash assistance was provided to the families who were most
vulnerable to abject poverty; thus, this grant was a subsistence allowance to
make their survival possible by adding between 20-50 percent or more to their
income.

Cash grants worth billions that have been provided to millions of beneficiary
families in the last three years have helped in bringing a positive economic
impact in their lives.

It must be noted that this sort of cash grant is termed as "Unconditional Cash
Transfer".

It means that the amount which is disbursed to a beneficiary is not subjected to
any condition for its spending.

The beneficiary has the right to spend the cash as per his/her requirements.

Critics were of the view that Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP)'s work may
not be fruitful in case some long-term measures like provision of livelihood
opportunities and education is not ensured.

Through its graduation strategies, BISP launched demand-driven vocational and
technical training programmes along with provision of micro-financing to ensure
livelihood independence for millions of beneficiary families.

For provision of health facilities, BISP is all sent to launch Health Insurance
Programme whereas it has already provided Life Insurance facility to millions of
its beneficiary families till date.

For promotion of education, BISP is in the process of introducing
Waseela-e-Taleem.

BISP has launched a nation-wide Poverty Scorecard Survey in late 2010 which is
about to be completed.

Alongwith the identification of beneficiaries, it has helped collect ideal data
representing the socio-economic situation of almost 27 million households across
Pakistan.

This documented data can be used for various poverty reduction projects in
Pakistan by the organisations world over.

Careful evaluation of the data collected through BISP's Nation-wide Poverty
Survey regarding education has revealed that only 13% of BISP beneficiaries send
all of their children to school, 50% of them send some of their children to
school whereas 37% do not send even a single child to school.

Thus it was learnt that primary education of beneficiaries' children is one of
the major issue of the poor class in Pakistan.

The Waseela-e-Taleem programme is a welcome step for multiple reasons.

Also, there are certain ways in which BISP can prove to be an ideal platform for
providing education throughout the country.

One, over the years, BISP has developed its reach to millions of families
including those whose children are not going to school and secondly, through
nation-wide poverty scorecard survey, it has compiled qualitative data to
evaluate the problem and present a solution for it.

Third, as BISP has been playing a significant role in helping millions of poor
families, it can put some sort of compulsion and condition for the cash transfer
for education of the children of such families.

Through Waseela-e-Taleem initiative, BISP is urging its beneficiary families to
send their children to school so that they can become literate and become
economically self-sufficient in the future.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                           September 21, 2008 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

University studies Langley Bog's health; Stewardship project aims to map area
and catalog species

BYLINE: Elaine O'Connor, The Province

SECTION: UNWIND; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 456  words


B.C. scientists spend a lot of time probing the secrets of the deep in our ocean
environments. But what about the secrets of the peat?

Trinity Western University has joined Langley partners to launch a research
project to explore and understand the Langley Bog.

The Langley Bog was once larger than 526 hectares but has receded over the past
three decades due to commercial peat removal and cultivation for cranberry
farms. The current bog forest covers just 10 per cent of the original area. Even
so, it has an important role to play in balancing the environment by absorbing
pollution and releasing oxygen.

Through the new Langley Bog Stewardship Project, launched Sept. 17, four TWU
faculty hope to unearth answers that will reveal the bog's health, and the
impact of peat removal on the environment. Species like the at-risk sandhill
crane and the carnivorous sundew plant call the bog home.

Students at the Langley Christian university will use the bog as an outdoor
laboratory and will try to accurately map it and the diverse life it contains,
while running conservation and education programs.

The TWU partnership includes the Pacific Parklands Foundation, Langley Township,
Metro Vancouver and Langley Bog Committee.

Learn more at twu.ca.

Leading lights

B.C.'s brightest minds will be honoured at the 2008 British Columbia Innovation
Council on September 29 at the Fairmont Hotel Vancouver. These top innovators
are pushing the envelope of science and technology in everything from cancer
care to DNA sequencing to climate change and the mountain pine beetle. The
awards cap off the BCIC's three-day high-school science fair, Innovation
Exploration. Among this years winners are Dr. Marco Marra, director of Canada's
Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre and an expert in genome sequencing who has
worked on the Human Genome Project, cancer research and SARS. BCIC's goal is to
advance science, technology, research and innovation in the province. To read
more visit bcic.ca.

A concrete solution

A University of Northern B.C. graduate, Sorin Pasca is behind a new project that
could see your house made with mountain pine beetle-damaged wood after all --by
using the dead trees as concrete, not lumber.

Earlier this month the Prince George university received a federal grant of
$155,000 from the Community Economic Diversification Initiative, which aims to
help communities recover from the economic impact of the infestation. The grant
will allow UNBC to develop and bring to market the new compound, called Mountain
Pine Beetle Wood Concrete Product (MPBWCP), which has the strength of concrete
and the look of wood.

One day, bugs (or at least bug byproducts) in the walls of your home might not
be such a bad thing.

Learn more at unbc.ca.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Trinity Western students will use the bog as an outdoor
laboratory, researching how peat removal affects the environment and how the bog
absorbs pollution and releases oxygen. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2008 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              971 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           January 19, 2011 Wednesday

2011 Bank of America Chicago Marathon Registration to Open Tuesday, February 1

LENGTH: 420  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Jan. 19 -- Registration for the 2011 Bank of America Chicago Marathon
will open to the public beginning at midnight (CST) on Tuesday, February 1, 2011
at www.chicagomarathon.com. The 34th annual Bank of America Chicago Marathon
will be held on Sunday, October 9, 2011, starting and finishing in Chicago's
Grant Park. Registration will be open to the first 45,000 registered
participants.

The Bank of America Chicago Marathon is one of the most prestigious marathons in
the world, and is one of the five "World Marathon Majors." Each year, the event
delivers a fast course and builds upon a long-standing tradition of supporting
the Chicagoland economy and more than 150 nonprofit organizations which raise
money to advance local, national and global causes. Chicago Event Management
(CEM) manages the annual event.

Participation in the 2011 Bank of America Chicago Marathon will directly benefit
youth running programs in Chicago. Two dollars from each entry, along with a
dollar-for-dollar match by Bank of America, will be donated to Chicago-based
youth running and fitness initiatives.

The fee to register for the 2011 Bank of America Chicago Marathon is $145 for
U.S. participants and $170 for participants outside of the U.S. Registration
will close when the participant capacity of 45,000 is reached. More information
on the race, registration and how to get involved is available at
www.chicagomarathon.com.

About the Bank of America Chicago Marathon

In its 34th year and a member of the World Marathon Majors, the Bank of America
Chicago Marathon annually attracts 45,000 participants, including a world-class
elite runner and wheelchair field, and an estimated 1.7 million spectators. As a
result of its national and international draw, the iconic race assists in
raising more than $11.5 million for a variety of charitable causes while
generating a $150 million economic impact to its host city according to a report
by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign's Regional Economics
Applications Laboratory (R.E.A.L.). The 2011 Bank of America Chicago Marathon
will start and finish in Chicago's Grant Park beginning at 7:30 a.m. on Sunday,
October 9. In advance of the race, a two-day Health & Fitness Expo will be held
at McCormick Place Convention Center on Friday, October 7 and Saturday, October
8. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 30, 2010 Friday

South Texas congressmen get border security funding

BYLINE: Jared Janes, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 562 words


July 30--Rebuffed in a first attempt to secure $701 million for border security,
U.S. House members pushed through a replacement measure in a late-night voice
vote Wednesday.

All five U.S. representatives from Texas who represent communities along the
U.S.-Mexico border supported the funding, which was originally included in the
House's version of an emergency measure to pay for the wars in Iraq and
Afghanistan.

But Senate Republicans stripped the $701 million for border security and other
domestic spending out of the war supplemental bill before final approval.

Calling the funding critical to efforts to combat drug and human smuggling along
the Southwest border, U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar and six other border congressmen
pushed for the stand-alone bill that passed late Wednesday without a roll-call
vote.

Cuellar, D-Laredo, said border states are at a "critical juncture" as they wait
to see whether the Senate will approve the measure before it breaks for a
six-week recess.

"I can't see politically why someone would vote against this," Cuellar said of
his colleagues in the Senate. "We have a very serious situation across the
border in Mexico, and this money will help us secure the border."

The $701 million included in the war supplemental bill -- which President Barack
Obama requested when he announced he would deploy 1,200 National Guard troops to
the border -- represented one of the largest ever infusions of federal funding
for border security programs.

The stand-alone bill the House approved late Wednesday is identical to the
original language that was stripped out of the war supplemental bill.

Among other initiatives, it would pay for an additional 1,200 U.S. Border Patrol
agents, provide grants for border law enforcement agencies and assist U.S.
Justice Department agencies in arresting and prosecuting criminals who operate
along the border.

In a statement, the five Texas representatives said the measure "would provide
much-needed funding for border security and will augment our current security
efforts" at a time when Mexico is experiencing a high incidence of border
violence.

Republicans have opposed the border security funding because no cuts were made
to other programs to offset the additional spending.

But U.S. Rep. Solomon Ortiz, D-Corpus Christi, said the violence will have a
serious economic impact on the two countries if not kept in check by beefing up
border security.

Bearing in mind the chilling effect violence can have on trade, he said, U.S.
senators should consider the need for border security over the cost.

"(Republicans) seem to understand that this is in the best interests of our
country," Ortiz said. "If they're concerned about all the undocumented workers
in the United States, just imagine what's going to happen if we can't secure the
border."

____

Jared Janes covers Hidalgo County government, Edinburg and general assignments
for The Monitor. He can be reached at (956) 683-4424.

To see more of The Monitor, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themonitor.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100730-MC-South-Texas-congressmen-get-border-security-funding-20100730

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2010 The Monitor


                              973 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         La Crosse Tribune (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 5, 2013 Sunday

EDITORIAL: State agency has failed taxpayers

BYLINE: La Crosse Tribune, Wis.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 554 words


May 05--A major part of Gov. Scott Walker's economic initiative in Wisconsin in
2011 was to create a new public-private entity that would be more nimble, more
flexible and be the catalyst for the creation of 250,000 private-sector jobs.

We've said all along that the concept of the Wisconsin Economic Development
Corp. made sense but that we had concerns about accountability. Unfortunately
WEDC so far failed on both measures, as Wisconsin sinks to the bottom of
national job creation and a recent audit confirms that serious shortcomings in
accountability.

Here are some of the major findings in an audit of the WEDC completed by the
nonpartisan Legislative Audit Bureau:

--There are insufficient policies in place to administer the grant, loan and tax
credit programs. The agency has a pool of $520 million and awarded $80 million
in its first year. Awards have been made to ineligible participants and
projects, amounts that exceeded limits and $906,000 in tax credits issued for
job creation and employee training that had already taken place.

--There is not enough tracking of how the grants and loans are being spent.
Twelve of 14 grant recipients of more than $100,000 did not submit any
information as required by law.

--Inadequate or incomplete progress reports on job creation, making it difficult
to assess how many jobs are actually being created.

--Insufficient documentation of at least $46,100 in credit card purchases,
including $1,789 for six tickets to UW-Madison football games and $208 in long
distance phone calls made by a staff member from a hotel in Texas. There are
also hotel costs for unspecified meetings and questionable purchases such as
$1,190 in chairs to be given a way as a prize and $159 in alcoholic drinks.
There also were costs of $432 in train tickets in China and meal expenses in
India for family members of the former CEO, which was repaid only after the
bureau inquired about them.

Reed Hall, the new secretary and CEO of WEDC who took over the agency in
January, says the vast majority of the issues raised in the audit already have
been addressed and new processes have been implemented.

We hope that's the case, because many of these shortcomings were identified by a
previous audit in December. But Hall said he believes WEDC did not break the law
because it is not a state agency, but a public-private partnership.

So in other words, Hall believes, WEDC can operate under a different set of
rules. That's precisely the attitude that got WEDC in trouble in the first
place. If Hall is correct -- and because this is a public-private agency -- then
what are those rules? And how do taxpayers know that the store is being minded?

Hall says new policies are being implemented. And a Walker spokesman said that
the governor is confident that WEDC is heading in the right direction as an
agency that will promote job creation and economic growth in Wisconsin.

We hope so. Creating a new agency and having staff turnover is certainly a
challenge. But based on any measure -- public or private -- WEDC so far as been
a disappointing failure, unless we're measuring the economic impact of
purchasing drinks, train rides and hotel rooms.

___ (c)2013 the La Crosse Tribune (La Crosse, Wis.) Visit the La Crosse Tribune
(La Crosse, Wis.) at www.lacrossetribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130505-LQ-EDITORIAL-State-agency-has-failed-taxpayers-0505-20130505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LQ


                        Copyright 2013 La Crosse Tribune


                              974 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                               September 7, 2009

Healthy ticket sales at Mississippi's performing arts centers

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 591  words


Considering the recession, ticket sales at the state's performing arts centers
are surprisingly healthy. Some even report increased sales. However, performers
continue to feel the pinch, forcing some to forego touring.

The Mississippi State University Riley Center for Education & Performing Arts in
downtown Meridian launched its fourth season with a performance by B.B. King.
Penny Kemp, marketing director at the MSU Riley Center, said tickets for the
King concert sold out almost as soon as they went on sale, and there was a
five-page waiting list.

Brenda Holden, operations manager at Ballet Magnificat, which puts on
performances at Thalia Mara Hall in Jackson, said tickets for the company's
annual performance "A Christmas Dream," historically a sell out, went on sale
Sept. 1, and the Jackson-based dance company had already sold tickets to people
throughout Mississippi as well as Louisiana and Alabama.

Averyell Kessler, whose company, W. Kessler Ltd., stages Broadway shows at
Thalia Mara, said there was a decrease in sales in the spring, but she is
expecting good crowds for her company's 27th season.

Sue Lobrano, executive director of the USA International Ballet Competition
(IBC), said her organization had not raised ticket prices and is expecting
healthy sales for the Thalia Mara-based event, though she did say contributions
and sponsorships were down. This good news for the Capital City - Lobrano said
an analysis in 2006 showed the IBC had a total economic impact of roughly $7.5
million.

Lobrano said she is pleased to hear that other venues are seeing healthy sales
because once her peers start declining, "there goes all of us. "

Jim Moritsugu, director of marketing and box office at the Mississippi
Orchestra, which also plays Thalia Mara, said season ticket sales had been
declining. However, a recent aggressive marketing campaign has sales trending
upward.

Kate Meacham, head of marketing of the Gertrude C. Ford Center at the University
of Mississippi in Oxford, said attendance was up last year, and believes people
with tighter budgets are looking to stay closer to home for entertainment.

David Dallas, executive director of the Bologna Performing Arts Center on the
campus of Delta State University in Cleveland agreed, adding that perhaps people
were also looking to spend their money locally, supporting their community.

Where Dallas has seen a negative impact is with artists. He said some artists
and groups simply are not touring. He said it was ironic that Bologna in the
past sometimes could not afford some of the performances it wanted to stage.
Now, the artists cannot afford Bologna.

Meacham said the Ford Center, too, had encountered Broadway groups who were
staying home, and Kemp said the MSU Riley Center also saw slower commitments
from artists.

There has been some goods news on the arts funding front as of late. In May, the
Mississippi Arts Commission announced a new grant program, the Arts Reinvestment
Initiative (ARI), which will administer and distribute federal funding received
from the National Endowment for the Arts through the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act of 2009.

The ARI will provide one-time grants to non-profit organizations or government
agencies in Mississippi to sustain jobs in the arts that have been cut or are in
danger of being eliminated due to the current national economic downturn. The
ARI is a two-tiered program that will award grants to both larger staffed arts
organizations and smaller volunteer (or part-time staffed) groups that produce
arts programming.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                              July 27, 2014 Sunday

Entrepreneurs' push for philanthropy

LENGTH: 968 words


Education in particular is seen by wealthy business owners as the top issue that
they want to devote their resources and time to - ahead of healthcare, poverty
and food security.

As wealth shifts towards emerging markets, a new generation of philanthropists
are entering the world stage. They want to give back, not just by handing a
cheque to charity, but by playing an active role in shaping the future of their
communities.

Successful entrepreneurs have always been giving back to society, but as their
wealth grows, business owners across emerging markets are seeking to make a
bigger social and economic impact on communities - reinvesting private proceeds
from their business and helping to raise awareness of key issues at a global
level.

Our own research confirms that wealthy entrepreneurs prioritise philanthropy,
and an active form at that. In a report commissioned from Campden Wealth
Research, we surveyed 60 high net worth business owners across Asia, Africa and
the Middle East, and almost all of them said they currently contribute to
charitable causes or plan to become involved in the future.

More specifically, these entrepreneurs are focused on local initiatives and look
for an active involvement. "I'm excited less by financial donation and more with
how we can give back to communities," as one of them told us.

Education in particular is seen by wealthy business owners as the top issue that
they want to devote their resources and time to - ahead of healthcare, poverty
and food security. Almost all the emerging market entrepreneurs that we asked
rated education as 'important' or 'very important'.

Many emerging market philanthropists want to help improve education provision,
whether by funding the building of new schools, helping to train teachers or
offering scholarships. Some are keen to provide children and young people with
opportunities they themselves did not have access to.

Prominent examples of philanthropists making a real difference in education
include Dang Yanbao, the president of China's Ningxia Baofeng Energy Group, who
pledged $86 million in 2013 to help 10,000 disadvantaged young people in the
Ningxia region to complete university. Or India's Ashish Dhawan, a former
Goldman Sachs banker and founder of private equity firm ChrysCapital, who set up
the Central Square Foundation to help improve education in India.

Our research also suggests emerging markets are catching up fast with countries
such as the US when it comes to philanthropy. The surge in high net worth
individuals located in Asia, Africa and the Middle East has led to a significant
increase in the number of private foundations - as well as organisations set up
to help donors structure their charitable efforts, such as Singapore's Centre
for Asian Philanthropy, founded in 2008.

For private banks operating in these regions, the growing trend towards active
philanthropy is a significant factor that is likely to affect client
relationships in the future. However, our research indicates it is also a
largely unexplored opportunity.

Almost none of the wealthy business owners we surveyed in Asia, Africa and the
Middle East are currently involved in philanthropic activity through their
private bank, with a quarter claiming that no such services are offered by their
banking partner.

Banks can and should fill this gap. They have a real opportunity to help grow
philanthropy across emerging markets, by providing the right advice and helping
clients to set up charitable foundation structures and identify the best
opportunities for charitable work.

This is particularly relevant in regions such as parts of Africa and emerging
Asia where a formal culture of philanthropy is still relatively underdeveloped
and there are a limited number of structures through which to donate.

The role of banks might involve educating business owners on the risks and best
practices of philanthropy, bringing them together with like-minded peers or even
offering financing especially for capital-intensive projects such as the
building of schools or hospitals. It should not be purely limited to advice, but
could take the form of partnerships with clients.

At Standard Chartered, we recently collaborated with a long-standing client
family as well as a leading NGO to set up a sustainable Seeing is Believing
project that aims to deliver 30,000 sight-restoring operations over the next
five years. The client approached us realising that we shared a common interest
in providing access to healthcare in communities with high need.

In many cases, for the individual, the line between business and philanthropy
will be blurred. One of the entrepreneurs we spoke to suggested that banks could
have a role in connecting the new business owners they finance with established
entrepreneurs, giving the latter the opportunity to act as mentors for the
younger generation. This is a poignant reminder that private banks need to think
holistically about serving these entrepreneurs - just like their business and
personal wealth is often closely linked, their business ambitions may overlap
with their social missions.

Across the world, philanthropy is seen by many high net worth individuals as a
natural extension of their wealth, but in emerging markets private banks have a
particular opportunity to make a difference by offering their clients impactful
and measurable ways of giving back.

As the economies in Asia, Africa and the Middle East continue to grow,
philanthropy is set to become an increasing priority. All private banks who wish
to connect more closely with their clients should take heed, working out how
best to support them in this endeavour.

The writer is the global head, Private Banking Clients, Standard Chartered
Private Bank. Views expressed by him are his own and do not reflect the
newspaper's policy.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2014 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              976 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Bath Chronicle

                               February 24, 2011
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Two Tunnels project impresses transport minister on visit to city

BYLINE: Siobhan Prideaux

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 575 words


Transport minister Norman Baker has visited Bath to show his support for a new
£2 million cycle path running through the city.

The Liberal Democrat, who will also help decide whether funding is given to the
controversial Bath Transport Package (BTP), was given a tour of a section of the
Two Tunnels project.

He was joined by Bath MP Don Foster, as well as representatives from the
environmental charity Sustrans, which is helping to pay for the scheme with a
National Lottery grant.

It is hoped the cycle path will be completed and open to the public by this time
next year. It will allow people to cycle or walk from Midford into Oldfield
Park, through two opened up former railway tunnels.

Mr Baker, who is responsible for local and regional transport, said he was happy
to visit Bath to see how the work was going.

He said: "I think it is a fantastic scheme and I am really looking forward to it
opening.

"I like it for all sorts of reasons. Firstly it provides an alternative means of
people getting to work, secondly it is a way of encouraging people to cycle
safely and thirdly it is a very interesting cycle route."

The BTP is a combined scheme of initiatives across the city, which includes the
controversial park and ride at Bathampton Meadows and the bus rapid transit
route in Newbridge.

Although Bath and North East Somerset Council believes the package will reduce
congestion, opponents have argued that it is a waste of money and would do
little to tackle the problems Bath has.

Mr Baker said his department would consider various issues when deciding how the
£630 million of funding will be divided up across the country.

He said: "It is not for us in Whitehall to say which towns need what so what we
are doing is making money available and then inviting areas to bid for their
schemes.

"When deciding which schemes should get money we will be looking at value for
money, deliverability, carbon impact and economic impact." When asked if the
amount of public support for a scheme would also be taken into account, he
replied "that would certainly be a factor".

Mr Baker walked along part of the Two Tunnels project route in Oldfield Park,
which has already been resurfaced, and was shown the entrance to one of the old
railway tunnels.

The South West regional director for Sustrans Adrian Roper said he was pleased
that the project was into the final stretch.

He said: "It has been a long time in the making and we know there is a lot of
public demand for this.

"There is still quite a lot of work to do but already we can see people are
using part of it."

The project is being funded by cash from the National Lottery, the 2008 King
Baldud's Pigs project and Bath and North East Somerset Council.

Another Government minister was in Bath this week to see some of the work being
done by community groups.

Liberal Democrat Andrew Stunell, from the department of communities and local
government, visited the Kensington Meadows nature reserve to discuss the
achievements of the volunteer-led project.

He said: "The work by these volunteers to preserve this area of natural beauty
is remarkable. "It proves that local residents best understand the issues
affecting their community. When they act on those needs, the results are very
impressive."

Mr Stunell then continued to the Broughton Packer gardens, which is another
community led scheme that relies heavily on local volunteers.

For more information about the Two Tunnels project go to www.twotunnels.

org.uk.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AT THE TUNNEL ENTRANCE: Councillor Charles Gerrish, Sustrans director
Adrian Roper, chair of Two Tunnels Steering Group Frank Tompson, MP Don Foster,
Gitte Dawson and Norman Baker PICTURE: Kevin Bates

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TBC


                    Copyright 2011 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Capital (Annapolis, Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 2, 2017 Monday

2017 Annapolis flooding initiatives to focus on economics

BYLINE: Chase Cook, The Capital, Annapolis, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 861 words


Jan. 02--In 2017, Annapolis' history and future will mix as officials look at
how they can prepare for anticipated increases in sea level and nuisance
flooding.

Annapolis officials will continue their sea level rise education programs and
events into 2017 with an emphasis on how nuisance flooding and rising tides have
an impact on businesses. This year's events will kick off with two flood
insurance-focused meetings on Jan. 24 and 25. This continues the year-long focus
in 2016 on how the city can adapt to rising sea levels.

Having these events and discussions early and often, before any major disaster,
puts the city in a forward looking position to mitigate the damage of events
like Hurricane Sandy and the flooding in Ellicott City, said Lisa Craig,
Annapolis Historical Preservation Division chief.

"We started the program because we knew there was a necessity to update the
natural hazard mitigation plan," Craig said. "It makes us a much more resilient
city and we can withstand these natural stressors in a much more effective and
economically sustainable way."

The ongoing debate nationally about rising waters and global warming tends to
focus on broad ideas such as reducing pollution. But at the local level the
focus must be tighter, so Craig and city officials are putting a greater
emphasis on the economic impact that nuisance flooding has on businesses
downtown.

So they have filled the calendar with monthly events focusing on that topic.
January will highlight flood insurance while February will focus on flood
proofing barriers, March will feature the State Highway Administration
discussing road improvements and in May a town hall meeting will be held to show
flood adaptation strategies to protect cultural resources. These events are
still in the planning stages, and dates have not been finalized.

Annapolis had the highest average number of nuisance flooding days in the
country with about 39 a year between 2007 and 2013, according to a 2014 report
by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Nuisance flooding occurs
when rising waters create inconveniences such as road and business closures.
This is most common in downtown Annapolis.

And since nuisance flooding downtown is primarily near historic buildings, it
dovetails nicely with Craig's given mission of protecting historic properties
within the city. Not only does a flood erode at that history when old buildings
are destroyed, but the business owners working in those properties also lose out
when customers and vendors can't access their services, Craig said.

For cruise and tour company Watermark, higher water and nuisance flooding makes
it difficult for passengers to reach the boats. Roads will be closed or people
don't want to wade through the water to get to the boat, said Debbie Gosselin,
Watermark owner.

It can be a challenge especially when the nuisance flooding occurs during boat
season, she said.

"It means there are fewer people that are potential customers," Gosselin said.
"Anything that is deemed a turnoff or makes Annapolis less of an attraction at
any particular moment can negatively impact our business during our season."

Annapolis has received recognition for its sustainability efforts thanks to
efforts from Craig and other city officials. In 2016, the city kicked off its
Weather it Together program with speeches that discussed how the city could
adapt to the rising sea level. A 2012 federal study recommended planning for a
6.6-foot rise in sea level by the end of the century.

In 2016, the city held events hoping to educate residents, business owners and
politicians about the city's risk to seal level rise. Annapolis Mayor Mike
Pantelides campaigned for, and received, a $1 million grant from the Maryland
state government to begin the design phase for flood mitigation projects.

That program featured commentary from oceanographer John Englander, who also met
with The Capital while he was in town for the city's events. He advised adapting
to the rise now instead of waiting to find out how high the sea will rise.

"It changes the shape of the map," he said last January. "What's going to be
land and ocean?"

Annapolis was recognized for its efforts by the National League of Cities, which
noted the waterfront-town as one of its 10 cities in the Leadership in Community
Resilience Program. Those cities were brought together to learn more about their
initiatives in the hopes of passing the information on to other cities within
the league.

'Flood Insurance: What You Need to Know'

--Jan. 24 -- The event is co-hosted by the Ward One Residents Association and
will focus on residential property owners. It will be held from 6:30 to 8:30
p.m. at 80 Compromise St. There is limited seating, so RSVP to
president@wardone.org

--Jan. 25 -- The focus will be on businesses and is co-hosted by Anne Arundel
County Chamber of Commerce and the Downtown Annapolis Partnership. It will be
held from 8 to 10 a.m. at the City Hall Council Chambers, 160 Duke of Gloucester
St. RSVP to histpres@annapolis.gov

___ (c)2017 The Capital (Annapolis, Md.) Visit The Capital (Annapolis, Md.) at
www.hometownannapolis.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170102-UU-2017-Annapolis-flooding-initiatives
-to-focus-on-economics-0102-20170102

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UU


                                 Copyright 2017


                              978 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            August 20, 2009 Thursday

$20,000 Grant For City Trolley Study;
Nthe Nonprofit Lancaster Streetcar Co. Has Proposed An Electric Streetcar Line
That Would Operate On Tracks Set In The Roadway Along A 2.6-Mile Loop Between
Vine Street And Lancaster's Amtrak Station.

BYLINE: P.J. Reilly

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1239  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

Dennis Stuckey, chairman of the Lancaster County commissioners, isn't certain a
rail-mounted trolley-car system is physically or financially feasible for
downtown Lancaster.

But he and his two fellow commissioners on Wednesday said they're willing to
give the city $20,000 in county funds to help pay for an "unbiased and
comprehensive" study to determine the viability of such a system.

"I'm a bit skeptical about the efficacy of that," Stuckey said. "But I'm willing
to let the study go forward and see what the real numbers are."

Rapho Township resident Bill Bonano called the grant "a waste of money" on a
system he believes is not feasible.

"I'm very disappointed that you would give away our money for this," Bonano told
the commissioners at their weekly meeting.

The money awarded to the city was among 27 grants totaling $2 million that the
commissioners voted to dole out to municipalities and organizations across the
county for a variety of projects under the 2009 Urban Enhancement Fund grant
program.

The commissioners consider the grant program a sister initiative to the county's
longtime farmland preservation program.

"If we're going to preserve farmland from development, I think it's appropriate
to do something to make our boroughs and urban areas more livable," said
Commissioner Scott Martin.

A committee of 13 community volunteers worked with the Lancaster County Planning
Commission to review 47 requests seeking a total of $3.9 million in urban
enhancement grants this year.

Those committee members picked the 27 projects recommended to the commissioners
for grant awards.

The nonprofit Lancaster Streetcar Co. has proposed an electric streetcar line
that would operate on tracks set in the roadway along a 2.6-mile loop between
Vine Street and Lancaster's Amtrak station.

Two refurbished streetcars - three at peak times - would travel the loop at
10-minute intervals, according to plans for the system.

Lancaster Streetcar Co. already has purchased three cars, one of which has been
on display at the corner of North Prince and West Chestnut streets for the past
year.

Building the system is expected to cost $14.1 million, project organizers have
said.

Mayor Rick Gray has said he wants to be assured a streetcar line would operate
with little or no city funding, and that the city infrastructure could support
the electric streetcars.

To answer those questions, city council authorized spending $150,000 on a
feasibility study.

According to the city's application to the county for an Urban Enhancement Fund
grant, the money is expected to be used to hire a consultant to analyze "the
economic impact of a streetcar system in the downtown; perform preliminary
engineering analysis to assess the impact of the streetcar system on the city's
infrastructure and streetscape; and identify strategies for ensuring the
long-term financial sustainability of a streetcar system."

As a condition of the county's grant program, the city must match, dollar for
dollar, the $20,000 awarded by the county Wednesday.

City officials hope to raise the remaining $110,000 through other sources.

Gray attended the commissioners' Wednesday meeting to assure them the city is
not simply looking for a study that will justify the streetcar system.

"We don't want somebody to just come in with preconceived notions and tell us
what some people might think we want to hear," he said.

"And if the answer is it's not feasible or it won't work or it's not sustainable
or there are engineering problems with it, then we're not going to do it."

Martin said having an independent consultant answer the feasibility question is
why he's in favor of the $20,000 grant to the city.

"Without a feasibility study, you'll never really know for sure if it can work,"
he said.

Following is a list of the 27 projects awarded grants by Lancaster County
commissioners Wednesday under the 2009 Urban Enhancement Program.

Grant recipients are required to match the county awards dollar for dollar.

In many cases, the total cost of a project is substantially more than the amount
requested from the county. It's up to the grant recipients to fill those funding
gaps.

The total cost to complete all 27 projects is about $23.5 million.

n Adamstown Borough, $20,000, to help build new restroom facilities in the
Adamstown Grove park off West Main Street.

n Adamstown Borough, $116,500, to rebuild 30 curbs to meet Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA) requirements.

n Christiana Borough, $175,000, to increase the community's water supply.

n Columbia Borough, $150,000, for safety and security measures, including
improving street lighting and installing security cameras.

n Lancaster County Conservancy and East Hempfield Township, $100,000, to help
convert a brownfields property into an urban forest center off Farmingdale Road.

n East Lampeter Township, $75,000, to develop streetscape design guidelines and
schematic drawings for improvements to Lincoln Highway East.

n East Petersburg Borough, $20,000, to help build a comfort station at the
borough's pool complex off Graystone Road.

n Elizabethtown Borough, $20,000, to help build a new restroom and
ADA-accessible pathways in the community park off South Mount Joy Street.

n Elizabethtown Borough, $100,000, to extend a pedestrian and bicycle pathway
from Peach Alley to Poplar Street Park.

n Elizabeth Township, $20,000, for building a restroom in the community park off
Elizabeth Park Drive.

n Ephrata Borough, $87,125, to extend Ephrata Rail Trail through Whistlestop
Plaza and improve traffic circulation on Main Street.

n Ephrata Township, $23,478, to build walking paths in the township's community
park off East Fulton Street.

n Lancaster city, $150,000, to build a parking garage between North Market and
North Prince streets, north of West Lemon Street.

n Lancaster city, $20,000, to study the feasibility of a streetcar system.

n Lancaster Area Habitat for Humanity, $200,000, to build 19 new townhouses on
2.1 acres along Fairview Avenue in the city.

n Lancaster Investment in a Vibrant Economy, $10,000, to develop green
infrastructure guidelines for the city.

n North Museum Corp., $100,000, to build a new home for the museum at the corner
of North Queen and West Chestnut streets.

n Lancaster Public Library, $6,000, to modernize the North Duke Street library's
Adult Information Services.

n Lancaster Public Library, $2,361, to modernize the North Duke Street library's
security system.

n Shreiner-Concord Cemetery Foundation Inc., $38,205, to fix damaged gravestones
and other masonry memorials, and to establish an all-weather historical display
in the cemetery off North Mulberry Street.

n Tabor Community Services, $100,000, for continued restoration of Eastern
Market, 308 E. King St.

n Lancaster Township, $5,331, to build a parking lot rain garden at 1241 Maple
Ave.

n LancasterHistory.org and Lancaster Township, $100,000, to create Lancaster
County Campus of History at the corner of President Avenue and Marietta Avenue.

n Mount Joy Borough Authority, $175,000, to install a water main along North
Barbara Street from East Appletree Avenue to Route 772.

n Paradise Township Sewer Authority, $146,000, to expand the township's sewer
system.

n West Donegal Township, $20,000, to draft a plan to connect Conewago Trail in
Mount Joy Township to River Trail along the Susquehanna River in Conoy Township.

n West Earl Township, $20,000, to build a new restroom in West Earl Community
Park.

Email: preilly@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              979 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  Racing Post

                           February 28, 2006, Tuesday

RACING: RACECOURSES IN SCOTLAND PUSH FOR BIGGER SLICE OF RACE FUNDING

BYLINE: BY HOWARD WRIGHT

SECTION: 1ST Edition; SPORT; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 539 words


SCOTLAND'S five racecourses have laid down a strategic plan to develop
horserac-ing nationally, in an attempt to create more than £63 million of
benefits for the Scottish economy.

The plan, published yesterday, has been put together by Scottish Racing, the
promotional company formed by the five tracks.

Its main targets concentrate on achieving a nine per cent share of British
racing fixtures, racecourse attendance, racehorse population and betting
revenue.

The number nine corresponds to the percentage of the British population that
lives in Scotland, though whether this is the reason for its adoption is not
explained in the 21-page report, which is accompanied by a 26-page economic
impact study carried out last year.

Meeting the targets would be a significant step forward, notably in "securing an
equitable proportion of industry funding for Scotland, within the scope of an
approved future funding plan for the sport in Britain".

With uncertainty surrounding the mechanism for a future deal between racing and
the betting industry, the Scottish courses will continue to support the
retention of the Levy Board, or a similar statutory body, to run alongside any
commercial agreement, until the mechanism is proven in law and practice.

The plan argues that Scottish racing is entitled to a bigger slice of the
funding cake on the current basis that, although Scottish punters generate about
11 per cent of the levy and Scottish racecourses are responsible for 7.2 per
cent of betting turnover, the country receives only 6.2 per cent of Levy

Board spending. The report adds that a low share of fixtures (7.1 per cent), the
small racehorse population (2.25 to four per cent) and a shortage of trainers
(1.5 per cent) means that Scotland "receives only 55 per cent of levy revenue
generated by Scottish punters on all horserace betting in Britain - £6.5m out of
£11.9m".

Of that amount, 19 per cent (£2.3m) is retained in Scotland through prize-money
grants and integrity fees, leaving its punters to subsidise racing in England
and Wales to the tune of £9.6m.

The report suggests there is potential for increasing turf fixtures collectively
at Hamilton, Kelso and Perth by ten, but the biggest surge will come from
introducing all-weather racing on 40 days at Musselburgh.

However, given the new fixture-bidding process, the report notes that "Scottish
racecourses may require external financial assistance in order to expand".

The economic impact study, which follows a similar exercise in 2001, said racing
in Scotland generated £213m a year for the country's economy in 2004, compared
with £125m in 2000, and provided 3,835 full-time-equivalent jobs compared with
1,700.

Scottish Racing chairman Ian Good said yesterday: "Racing in Scotland has gone
from strength to strength in recent years, but the report shows there is still a
great deal of potential for growth.

"The Scottish courses are all independent and yet by working together they have
achieved some excellent results.

"We hope that enlisting the support of our partners will progress a programme of
initiatives that benefit the whole of the British racing industry, as well as
the Scottish economy."

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                             Copyright 2006 MGN Ltd


                              980 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                             April 21, 2014 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Soccer and sand attracts visitors in their millions

BYLINE: Robin Turner

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 572 words


IS it the allure of Premier League football or is it the wow factor of world
renowned beaches like Rhossili Bay on Gower? Whatever the reason, statistics
show Swansea Bay's multi-million pound tourism industry was worth more than ever
to the local economy last year.

The latest figures released by STEAM (The Scarborough Tourism Economic Activity
Model) show visitors to Swansea Bay spent over £360m in 2013 - that's 4% more
than in 2012.

STEAM is an economic model that measures the local economic impact of tourism
from both day and staying visitors.

The new statistics also show over 4.3 million visitors came to Swansea Bay last
year - about 200,000 more than the year before.

The strong tourism figures for 2013 mean the Swansea Bay region could be in for
a new record this year as Dylan Thomas fans from all over the world flood into
Wales for the DT100 festival, the year long celebration of the centenary of the
writer's birth in Uplands, Swansea.

Swansea council says the new figures can be partly explained by closer
collaborative working than ever with tourism businesses in the private sector.
Nick Bradley, Swansea council's cabinet member for regeneration, said: "Tourism
is vitally important to Swansea Bay's economic wellbeing but we're determined
not to rest on our laurels even though these figures make for hugely encouraging
reading.

"This is why a new Destination Management Plan is now in place that brings
together the public, private and third sectors to help manage, develop and
promote Swansea Bay as a world class visitor destination.

"It means we're working more closely alongside our hotels, bed and breakfasts,
activity providers and other tourism businesses than ever before to highlight
areas for improvement and monitor progress. "The latest figures show our
combined efforts are starting to bear fruit as we concentrate not just on
marketing our award-winning beaches, Premier League football and major cultural
festivals like DT100 but also on important initiatives which impact so much on a
positive visitor experience like improved signage and more wi-fi hotspots."

Mr Bradley said other recent improvements include the re-design of the official
Visit Swansea Bay destination website and the allocation of more than £80,000 to
tourism businesses in rural Swansea via the Rural Accommodation Grant Scheme.

Swansea's Rural Development Plan has been investing in a number of
tourism-related schemes to encourage people to visit and stay in the more rural
parts of Swansea.

Premier League football, which Swansea City look to have assured for another
season after the last minute weekend away win against Newcastle United, has led
to images of Swansea Marina (where many of the Swans stars live) and Gower being
beamed around the world.

And last month, Swansea's image as a tourist destination received a major boost
when Gower's Rhossili Bay was named the best beach in the UK, the third best in
Europe and the ninth best in the world in the TripAdvisor Traveller Choice
Beaches Awards, based on reviews and ratings over the past 12 month.

Rhossili beat competition from Dorset, Cornwall and Scotland to secure the UK
top spot, and Spain, Greece, Italy and Turkey to keep its third-place in Europe
for the second year running with the Gower beach improving its position in the
world's top 10 beaches which features Australia, Seychelles and Turks & Caicos -
climbing from tenth to ninth.

To see a gallery log onto...

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: <B Premier League side Swansea City FC celebrate a goal against
Newcastle at the weekend Lee Smith
<B Rhossili cliffs and beach, Gower Peninsula, was named the best beach in the
UK and ninth best in the world

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2014 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            November 14, 2004 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

LICENSE INCREASE BILL HEADS TO SENATE

BYLINE: Deborah Weisberg

SECTION: OUTDOORS; FISHING; Pg. D-14

LENGTH: 878 words


The Pennsylvania Senate is expected to vote this week on higher license fees for
fishermen and boaters. House Bill 2155, authorizing increases, made it through
the House last week by a 161-34 vote with just one change. Instead of a $12 Lake
Erie/trout combination stamp, the fee will be $14, with $8 going to the general
fund and $6 toward access purchases in Erie. If it passes, the license package
will be enough to keep the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission afloat for
another year, but it won't ensure long-term survival, said the commission's
executive director Doug Austen, who has begun marketing his agency as a major
player in the Gov. Edward Rendell's new environmental and eco-tourism
initiative, in the hope that new funding will follow.

"We're going to be doing more of what we did in Erie, identifying that fishing
isn't just a weekend hobby," said Austen of a recent news conference there to
announce the economic impact of steelhead angling. "It's big business, a $4
billion industry in Pennsylvania."

The $5 million in new revenue expected from license increases may be enough "to
turn on the lights," said Austen, but won't make a dent in the $100 million-plus
needed to fix eight hatcheries and 12 dams, and purchase access land. The new
Lake Erie stamp will generate money for easement purchases in Erie, but access
is a statewide problem, with three-quarters of stocked streams on private
property.

Growing Greener II, the Governor's environmental bond proposal, would give fish
and game $50 million to split for infrastructure, though there are no guarantees
the bonds will receive legislative and public approval. Fish and game were cut
from the original Growing Greener budget five years ago.

Austen is thinking in terms of grant money and capital budget allocations for
specific projects, something the Fish and Boat Commission has never received.

"We have as legitimate a claim as football stadiums, and don't want the Governor
and legislature forgetting about us when they're divvying up the money," he
said. He is seeking partnerships with agencies such as the Pennsylvania
Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, which runs the state's parks,
to help it achieve its objectives.

Last month, Austen was appointed to the Governor's tourism promotion task force
on the north-central counties' two million acres of public wilderness. So, too,
was Ray Werts, the president of the Western Clinton County Sportsmen's
Association, a group that had succeeded just days earlier in getting the Fish
and Boat Commission to put Young Woman's Creek, one of Pennsylvania's best known
wild trout streams, onto the stocking program.

It was no coincidence, said Austen, who envisions trout stream maps in every
hotel and toilet facilities on popular streams. He is asking his board for the
authority to promote streams on public land by selectively advertising exact
dates and times of stockings, and he is seeking changes in the way trout are
allocated.

"We have eight categories that are now arcane; some we're not even using," said
Austen of formulas based on stream size, habitat and other factors. "They don't
take into account giving more trout to clubs that have done habitat improvements
or to streams where access is good. Is it better to have more in-season than
pre-season stockings?" Focus groups tell him anglers want bigger trout, even if
it means fewer fish, he said. "Our hatcheries can raise 1.9 million pounds of
trout a year and still be in keeping with DEP, whether that's bigger trout or
more trout."

Austen also wants to simplify trout regulations because, he said, they confuse
and intimidate the casual angler. He has directed his staff to explore ways in
which they can be combined, eliminated or otherwise changed.

Not everyone is enthused about the Fish and Boat Commission's new PR strategy.

"It's horse pukie," said Ken Undercoffer, the president and current secretary of
the Pennsylvania Council of Trout Unlimited, who thinks the Fish and Boat
Commission is selling out in order to sell licenses. "The reason the commission
is having trouble surviving is it's trying to support this massive hatchery
system, this endless cycle of hatcheries and stockings."

Undercoffer said the Fish and Boat Commission used questionable calculations
regarding numbers of wild fish in Young Woman's to shore up its case for
stocking the stream. He said other wild trout streams, such as Cross Fork Creek
in Potter County, might be headed for the same fate. There's an unrecognized
contingent of anglers who want the wild trout experience, he said, that the
commission is ignoring.

"I don't see us bringing in huge big crowds," Austen said. "And there will
always be streams you can go to for the experience of having no one else
around." But he does equate survival of the agency with drawing new people to
fishing, and that means making it easy and convenience, right down to more
toilets.

"Hard-core anglers will put up with anything," he said. "If we're going to
attract new people, families and women and kids to fishing, we're going to have
to think about the entire experience."

And that goes beyond trout, he said. "People from out of state may not think of
coming here for bass but we intend to ride the wave of the [Bassmaster]
Classic."

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              982 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Kalgoorlie Miner (Western Australia)

                           February 27, 2014 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Conference to study growth, economic impact on region;
Tim Slater

SECTION: KAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 603  words


A broad picture of business activity and economic growth for Esperance over the
next 12 months will  be painted by 16 speakers representing a range of
industries at the Over the Horizon conference on March 20.

Issues including the impact of future mining operations on the local community,
tertiary education opportunities to help keep young people in Esperance longer,
addressing housing shortages, the future of air travel and the planned port
upgrade will be discussed at the sixth annual event, this year being held for
the first time at the yacht club.

The keynote speaker will be Regional Development Minister Terry Redman who will
outline a range of initiatives including the $96 million Goldfields-Esperance
Revitalisation Fund and the $300m Seizing the Opportunity agriculture policy.

AEC senior consultant Michael Campbell will present identified economic
opportunities for the region.

The AEC has been engaged by the GEDC and the shires of Esperance, Ravensthorpe
and Dundas to develop a sub-regional economic development plan.

The presentation will focus on the key findings from the plan and identified
economic opportunities for the region.

Esperance Chamber of Commerce and Industry chief executive  Grant Shipp said the
AEC economic development strategy was addressing how to attract private and
public investment.

Other issues and projects to be discussed will include fishing, agriculture,
eco-tourism, town centre revitalisation strategy, waterfront upgrade and several
mining projects including Sirius Resources' Nova Project, Macarthur Minerals'
Ularring hematite project and the Yilgarn iron ore province.

Tourism WA chief executive  Stephanie Buckland will talk about the planned
eco-resort at New Island Bay in the Cape Le Grand National Park, caravan and
camping strategy and Lucky Bay campsite upgrade.

Jack Segal, the author of a Step by Step Guide to Importing and a Step by Step
Guide to Exporting, will discuss opportunities for importing and exporting for
Esperance-based businesses.

Mr Shipp said the conference was aimed at providing key stakeholders, business
and community members with an opportunity to understand what is happening
locally.

Lots of people also use this forum to help them research the possibility of
investment opportunities as well, Mr Shipp said.

We change the mix of speakers every year to try and ensure it stays relevant and
we put a lot of thought into who the key speakers will be.

He said Esperance was still going through a phenomenally exciting period of
growth.

It has been over the past three years but it continues to be such an exciting
time to be a part of what is happening here, he said.

GEDC regional manager Shane Liddelow said he hoped conference delegates would
get a good understanding of potential business opportunities.

Mr Liddelow said he believed the local economy was still strong on the back of a
bumper harvest and tourist season and ongoing construction projects including
the transport corridor and waterfront upgrade.

He said the growth was likely to continue with the $30m hospital upgrade due to
start soon and the possible iron ore facility upgrade project at the port and
the town centre revitalisation project.

We've had a lot of public investment in the town in recent years and hopefully
there will also be some private investment, he said.

The Over the Horizon conference will be held at the Esperance Bay Yacht Club on
Thursday, March 20.

There will also be a tour of the Aurizon rail yards before the conference
starts.

For further details, call the ECCI on 9071 5142 or
mailto:admin@esperancecci.com.au or visit  http:www.esperancecci.com.au.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2014 West Australian NewsPapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            March 26, 2011 Saturday

Jackson and Chen: Tournament of Roses keeps on giving

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 910 words


An article in your newspaper questioned the Tournament of Roses for not
supporting Pasadena public schools and suggested a lack of community
participation. We would like to thank the community for its assistance in making
our great tradition happen and discuss the subject of our community
contributions.

The Tournament of Roses Association is a volunteer, non-profit, 501(c)(3)
organization whose mission is dedicated to presenting an internationally
recognized New Year's celebration with the best possible parade and
intercollegiate post-season football game. Every year, the world turns to
Pasadena and delights in the grandeur of a festival organized by local
volunteers.

These volunteers provide multiple contributions not only to the Tournament of
Roses but also to other local groups through their volunteerism and personal
financial contributions.

Beyond the hands of our own 935 active volunteers, more than 60 student
ambassadors and alumni from local high schools are trained in all aspects of the
Tournament and dedicate hundreds of hours to the community. For the 2011 events,
the Tournament of Roses also added a new fleet of volunteers known as the "PCC
Interns" training them as "junior Tournament members." Not only do these
programs add the extra hands to provide assistance on the streets of Pasadena
during the holidays, but they instill the value of volunteerism in young adults
guiding them toward a civic-minded lifestyle.

The success of the work of our volunteers has resulted in a community-minded
organization and we in turn have worked to replant that goodwill. It was our
honor to assist the NCAA Football's Youth Initiative with coordinating a $50,000
donation to the city of Pasadena for the building of a new football field at
Jackie Robinson Park. The new facility has revitalized local participation and
increased interest and attendance in youth sports.

While we do not exist to distribute public funding, the Tournament of Roses does
have an established organization to do so. The mission of the Tournament of
Roses Foundation is to support charities in the Pasadena area by funding sports
and recreation, visual and performing arts, and volunteer motivation and
leadership development. Focusing on local nonprofits with small budgets, grants
have been made to more than 130 local organizations including: the Babe Ruth
Baseball League, Five Acres, Kidspace Children's Museum, Monrovia Schools
Foundation, Old Town Conservatory of Music, Pasadena City College Foundation,
Pasadena Education Foundation, Pasadena Unified School District, Southwest
Chamber Music, Young and Healthy and many others. More than $2 million in grants
have been provided, with $227,000 going to PUSD programs specifically.

In addition to the Foundation, the Tournament of Roses Association also provides
monetary support to the community with various sponsorships and contributions to
local events and programs. Scholarships and programs such as the Bright Futures
Scholars and the Martin Luther King Art and Essay Contest receive annual support
from the Association and its Executive Committee.

The ripple effect of economic benefits for the community goes far beyond direct
contributions. With an estimated annual economic impact of more than $178
million for the Rose Parade and Rose Bowl Game, and more than $80 million for
the recent National Championship Game, the organization is committed to
increasing the benefits throughout the surrounding Southern California
communities. A recent independent study conducted by Enigma Research Corporation
on the effects of the 2010 National Championship Game estimated that that the
event generated enough employment spending to support the equivalent of
approximately 900 full-year jobs in the region.

Aside from the substantial benefits in hospitality and travel revenues for the
city, the Tournament of Roses has also committed to support the city with $45
million over 30 years toward the renovation of the Rose Bowl Stadium. The
building serves as a staple landmark of the region and plays host to a multitude
of events, aside from the annual Rose Bowl Game, that draw economic benefits to
the community.

We are pleased that we can assist to provide these additional economic and
community services to our host city without burdening taxpayers. While not
receiving tax support, we have been and continue to be committed to covering the
costs of hosting our events including police, fire and other safety and public
works support. This is not always the case for other festivals and events in
cities across the country.

"Year in and year out, the Tournament of Roses provides outstanding festivities
that present the city of Pasadena to the world," said Pasadena Mayor Bill
Bogaard. "I am grateful to the association and its volunteers who provide many
benefits, both economic and social, to this community. The effects are
significant and long lasting."

The Tournament of Roses is an association comprised of volunteers who are the
heart and soul of the organization and are engaged in the community. It is our
continued pleasure to work with local businesses, citizenry and other local
institutions to serve the city of Pasadena and its surrounding communities.

Richard W. Jackson is president and chairman of the Pasadena Tournament of Roses
Association. Wellington Chen is president and chairman of the Pasadena
Tournament of Roses Foundation.

Robert Rector is off this week. His column will return next week.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 23, 2010 Friday

Treatment plant improvements required by federal government: Upgrade of at
Georges Creek facility creating tax increase for users

BYLINE: Michael A. Sawyers, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 463 words


July 23-- Allegany County's share of a $28 million upgrade of the Georges Creek
Wastewater Treatment Plant, ordered by a federal initiative, is almost $9
million that has been borrowed for 20 years at an interest rate of 1.1 percent,
according to Paul Kahl, county engineer.

Kahl spoke at Thursday's public meeting of the county commissioners, outlining
the project that began in 2004 and is nearing completion.

Kahl said the 66 larger treatment plants throughout Maryland have been ordered
by the state's Department of the Environment to revamp so that water flowing to
the Chesapeake Bay contains less nitrogen and phosphorous.

The plant is used by residents of Barton, Lonaconing, Midland, Shaft, Klondike,
Midlothian and surrounding areas.

Letters to users of the system, who will pay for the upgrade, were mailed about
a week ago. Tax rates increase from 16 cents to 47 cents for each $100 of the
assessed value of the property.

"We had no choice in the matter," Kahl said. "The last thing we want to do is
increase the payment amount. We told the users that this is not the fault of the
county commissioners."

Kahl said he was part of a group from county staff that traveled to Baltimore
several times in an attempt to reduce the economic impact upon the county and
the water users.

"At first we were told our share would be $13 million, but we got that down to
$8.9 million," he said. Grants are paying for the remaining $16 million in
expenses.

Kahl said it is customary in Allegany County to have the users of a system pay
the bill rather than spreading the cost out to everyone from Westernport to
Little Orleans. He said the same process took place when the Celanese plant was
upgraded, with Cresaptown users seeing an increase on their bills.

Kahl said that since the letter was sent to users, he has received 30 calls
inquiring about the increase in payment. "People were very courteous, and I
appreciate that. Two or three were extremely unhappy."

Commissioners Dale Lewis and Bob Hutcheson agreed that customers should have
been directly informed about the matter much sooner.

"We made a mistake not sending the letter earlier," Hutcheson said. Commissioner
Jim Stakem was absent Thursday.

Kahl said that once the work is done, the Georges Creek plant will be brand new.

Contact Michael A. Sawyers at msawyers@times-news.com

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Cumberland Times-News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100723-UM-Treatment-plant-improvements-required-by-federal-government-20100723

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2010 Cumberland Times-News


                              985 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            January 23, 2009 Friday

SPECIAL FEATURE: TOYM Awardee Ace Durano;
GREET program provides hope to eco-tourism entrepreneurs

SECTION: Pg. S5/3

LENGTH: 423 words


In line with the presidential directive to promote and safeguard the country's
eco-tourism sites by essential services for tourists, the Grassroots
Entrepreneurship and Employment in Tourism (GREET) program was conceived two
years ago to enhance the livelihood opportunities for promising young
entrepreneurs. Selected youngsters are given the chance to explore the inherent
tourist drawing potentials of local community sites which can readily be sources
of income.

Eco-tourism, as cited in the National Eco-tourism Strategy published in July
2002, is a significant tool in sustainable development because it advocates the
protection of natural resources and seeks to put in place mechanisms that are
environmentally sustainable, economically viable, and socially equitable.

As an economic strategy, the GREET program was geared towards enhancing the
quality of life of communities where environment protection is of paramount
importance. To this day, GREET's guiding principles on eco- tourism initiatives
are still empowering local communities through supplemental and alternative
livelihood, environmental education, conservation consciousness and shared
responsibility in the management of historical assets and enriching the quality
of visitors experience.

Launched in March 2007 by the Department of Tourism (DoT) through its marketing
arm, the Philippine Convention and Visitors Corp., the GREET program has been
providing livelihood grants amounting from P50,000 to P100,000 to select
promising entrepreneurs from all over the Philippines. It has received more than
410 applications nationwide after a series of nationwide campaigns.

To date, GREET has already granted more than 58 proposals from entrepreneurs
coming from Regions 1, 2, 5, 7, 13, 4 and 8 following a stringent set of
criteria based on originality, uniqueness of the project and creativity,
viability of implementation and projections, economic impact and job creation,
and promotion of natural and cultural preservation. In the pipeline are other
regions with equally promising business proposals.

Tourism Secretary Ace Durano expressed elation on the effectivity of the GREET
program. Grantees now having tourism as their livelihood, making them effective
stewards of their natural assets. Mr. Durano cited Donsol, Sorsogon as a classic
example of what people, with proper government support can achieve. The sleepy
town is now economically active with people taking an active role in the DoT's
advocacy of Nature + Nurture advocacy campaign for sustainable eco-tourism.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 27, 1997 Thursday

Quebecois Voices Views from the media  Quebec's budget: boldness or smoke and
mirrors? REACTIONS / Commentators debate Bernard Landry's work, and reflect on
the Solar Temple deaths in Saint-Casimir.

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 834 words


'TAX hikes will finance income-tax cuts," reads Le Journal de Montréal's
headlinesummarizing the Quebec budget tabled Tuesday. Provincial Finance
Minister Bernard Landry "took everybody by surprise with a 1-per-cent increase
in the sales tax," columnist Michel Van de Walle writes.

Even more surprising was the breadth of new measures in what was expected to be
a stand-pat budget.  "While we were expecting very little . . . the minister has
delivered a financial shakeup that will affect virtually every taxpayer,
business and local government," Mr. Van de Walle says. "Even the tips of
service-industry workers are going to be taxed."

Jean-Robert Sansfaçon, editorial-writer for Le Devoir, also marvels at the
Finance Minister's boldness after years of governments that dithered and
tinkered. "We have a budget that is brimming with substance, a budget that
aggressively pursues deficit reduction while, at the same time, proposing a host
of job-creation initiatives. And if that wasn't enough, the minister has
announced a long-overdue reform of taxation policies, one that will be most
welcome by taxpapers.

"Finally we have a real budget. It's too early to judge the effects, positive or
negative, of these initiatives. But let's admit it: There's something for
everybody to chew on."

Alain Dubuc, editor-in-chief of La Presse, is far more skeptical. He says the
300 pages of "new programs" accompanying the budget speech are largely smoke and
mirrors.

"Let's face it," he writes. "This isn't reform. The only thing Mr. Landry is
doing is increasing the sales tax to make up for losses from income-tax cuts.
It's changing a buck into four quarters. It's sleight of hand.

"Mind you, this shifting of the fiscal burden is not a bad idea. But let's not
pretend that the shuffling of paper is a great initiative; the economic impact
will be negligible."

For his part, Don Macpherson, Quebec-affairs columnist for The Gazette, writes
that the budget is, above all, a political document. It is no coincidence, he
says, that the much-touted tax cuts and taxation reform will "come into effect
next year, which just happens to be the probable election year."

The suicides last week of five more people in a farmhouse in Saint-Casimir, all
of them with links to the Order of the Solar Temple, prompted some
soul-searching among Quebec pundits.

Jean-Jacques Samson, assistant publisher of Le Soleil, reminds readers that of
the 74 cultists who have died since 1994, "fewer than 20 committed suicide. The
others were murdered in cold blood."

Government officials have to stop pretending that murderous sects, like biker
gangs, can hide behind the Charter of Rights and Freedoms with impunity, he
writes.

"But beyond stricter legislation, education is the best weapon we have against
the proliferation of cults." This role needs to be filled not only by the media
but by groups such as Info-Cult, a non-profit organization that has seen much of
its state funding dry up, he continues.

"Quebeckers are, for various reasons, particularly susceptible to falling into
the clutches of gurus, largely because they lived under the suffocating wing of
the Roman Catholic Church for so long, which served as their sole guide and
provided all the answers to metaphysical questions. That is no longer the case.
. . . [Quebeckers] need to be educated on how to avoid falling prey to false
prophets."

Pierre Gravel, editorial-writer for La Presse, shares this view. "New
legislation and stricter police monitoring cannot, on their own, limit the
damage being done by cults. . . . All the experts agree that what is really
needed is information, in particular information about the differences between
cults and religions and the dangers of blind obedience to a guru. Only then will
we be able to protect citizens and respect religious freedom.

"The real question that arises out of the Saint-Casimir tragedy is: How much are
we willing to invest, as a society, to defend ourselves against cults?"

It is bad enough that the federal government gave $4.8-million to Option Canada,
an obscure federalist group, during the 1995 referendum campaign, Michel C.
Auger writes in Le Journal de Montréal -- though he says it isn't all that
shocking given that the Quebec government provided an equivalent amount to the
equally bogus Conseil de la souveraineté (Council for Sovereignty).

What is "beyond the pale," he continues, is that Ottawa would now try to defend
the Option Canada grant as a legitimate patriotic gesture when by all accounts
the money "disappeared without a trace." (The sovereigntists, on the other hand,
at least had the decency to squander tax dollars with a highly visible ad
campaign, the columnist quips.)

"Taxpayers cannot help but wonder if this considerable spending on national
unity was anything more than a piggy bank for the friends of the party in power.
That's something that even patriots could not forgive."

Québécois Voices is compiled weekly by members of the Quebec bureau of The Globe
and Mail.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1997 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

The IMF's mixed CPEC ranking

BYLINE: KHALEEQ KIANI

SECTION: Vol. 70 No. 286

LENGTH: 1220  words


Amidst the domestic debate of a political nature over the route and benefits of
the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, the International Monetary Fund has come
up with its analysis of the pros and cons of the landmark initiative, with a
word of caution.

This is perhaps the first independent scrutiny by a multilateral agency of the
$51.5bn project launched by President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif
two years ago.

In a special chapter on the macro-economic impact of the CPEC, in its departing
note to Pakistan on the conclusion of the $6.15bn three year programme, the IMF
said the CPEC would boost investment and growth in the short run and entail
risks of repayment obligations and profit repatriation in the medium to long
term period.

This is perhaps the CPEC's first independent scrutiny by a multilateral agency

Therefore, it advised Pakistan to manage the initiative carefully and negotiate
power sector agreements transparently, to keep their outcomes favourable to the
distribution system and affordable to consumers, because of their impact over a
period of three decades.

Mainly supported by the investment upturn related to CPEC, the IMF projected
Pakistan's growth rate going moderately up to 5pc during current fiscal year.
"Medium-to long-term risks could arise from CPEC-related repayment obligations
and profit repatriation", it noted.

The Fund further stated that it was an opportunity for Pakistan to boost
investment and growth as it was a large package of investment projects in energy
and transport infrastructure, financed by China. The IMF estimated the total
size of the CPEC at around $44.5bn (about 16pc of GDP in 2015-16), of which more
than half ($28bn) is allocated to 'early harvest' projects over the next few
years, with the remainder of the investments expected to materialise up to 2030
and beyond.

Of the early harvest projects, about $10bn is allocated to road, rail, and port
infrastructure, which the government plans to execute within its regular
development spending envelope. The remaining $18bn (6pc of GDP) will largely
cover energy projects provided through foreign direct investment (FDI).

Some CPEC priority projects are already under way, which contributed to a pickup
in FDI, imports of machinery and industrial materials, and the government's
external financing in the fiscal year 2015-16.

Financing modalities vary across sectors and projects. In the energy sector,
power plant projects will be funded through FDI by Chinese firms, with
commercial loans borrowed from Chinese banks. These firms will operate as
Independent Power Producers (IPPs) and have their electricity sales guaranteed
through pre-negotiated power purchase agreements, including guaranteed tariffs.

In the transport sector, financing will be provided by the Chinese government
and state banks mostly as concessional loans. Other, smaller CPEC infrastructure
projects are expected to be financed through a mix of concessional loans and
grants.

The IMF expected the direct impact on the external balance to be substantial.
During the investment phase, as the 'early harvest' projects proceed, Pakistan
will experience a surge in FDI and other external funding inflows. A concomitant
increase in import of machinery, industrial raw material, and services will
likely offset a significant share of these inflows, such that the current
account deficit will widen, with manageable net inflows into the balance of
payments.

While precise quantification of these impacts was difficult for the IMF due to
uncertainty and lack of available information, it noted that CPEC-related
capital inflows (FDI and external borrowing) to reach about 2.2pc of the
projected GDP in fiscal year 2019-20, and CPEC-related imports to about 11pc of
the total projected imports in the same year.

"The broader positive impact on the economy would be considerable", the IMF
said. If implemented as envisaged, CPEC could go a long way towards alleviating
Pakistan's long-standing supply-side bottlenecks and lifting its long-term
potential output.

Priority energy sector projects are expected to add significant power-generation
capacity within the next few years, and subsequent energy projects could further
expand the capacity over the long term. This would help mitigate Pakistan's
chronic electricity load-shedding problem and provide a reliable support for
domestic economic activities and exports.

CPEC transport infrastructure projects (e.g. roads, railways, port facility
upgrade) would allow easier and lower-cost access to domestic and overseas
markets, promoting inter-regional and international merchandise trade. Service
exports would also benefit from the increased trade traffic from China.
Furthermore, these CPEC projects could catalyse private business investment and
boost productivity.

Over the longer term, Pakistan will need to manage increasing CPEC-related
outflows. As Chinese IPPs start their operations, profit repatriation by these
companies would begin to rise in the subsequent years. While the path and the
size of the repatriation would depend on project completion timing and the terms
of the power agreements, it could add up to a significant level, given the
magnitude of the FDI.

Repayment obligations to CPEC-related government borrowing, including
amortisation and interest payments, are expected to rise after fiscal year
2020-21 due to the concessional terms of most of these loans. Combined, these
CPEC-related outflows could reach about 0.4pc of GDP per year over the longer
run.

Pro-growth reforms and prudent macro-economic policies will be essential in
unlocking CPEC's full potential. Supported by increased energy supply and
transportation capacity, CPEC has the potential to catalyse higher private
investment and exports, which would help cover CPEC-related outflows that are
expected over the longer term.

Reaping the full potential benefits of CPEC will require forceful pro-growth and
export-supporting reforms. These include improvements in the business climate,
and strengthening governance and security. Real effective exchange rate
appreciation should be contained by allowing greater downward exchange rate
flexibility and keeping inflation well anchored.

Finally, fiscal policy should remain prudent and debt management strengthened to
keep the long-term public debt path sustainable. Additional Chinese investment
over the long term, building on CPEC as a platform, could also help cover the
projected CPEC-related outflows.

Based on this, the IMF advised that sound project management and monitoring
systems should be in place to ensure timely implementation and mitigate risks.

"There is a need to ensure sound project evaluation and prioritisation
mechanisms based on effective cost-benefit analysis and realistic forecasts of
macro-economic and financing conditions". The procurement process should be
transparent and competitive and it's monitoring accountable.

Power purchase agreements with Chinese IPPs should be negotiated with terms that
would adequately incentivise investment while ensuring that the cost of
generated power remains favourable for the distribution system and consumers.
Moreover, capacity improvements in the power transmission network will be needed
to keep up with the increasing supply.

It is hoped that the authorities will pay heed to this advice.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2016 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

New York: Governor Cuomo Announces $28 Million for Flood Protection at LaGuardia
Airport

LENGTH: 1202  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of The Governor, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced that the Federal Emergency Management
Agency has approved more than $28 million in competitive Hazard Mitigation Grant
Program funds to help LaGuardia Airport meet post-Superstorm Sandy flood
mitigation and resiliency initiatives and further safeguard the airport from
future major storms.

"Hurricane Sandy caused significant damage to LaGuardia Airport, but today we
are taking an important step toward strengthening its infrastructure so that it
is more resilient than ever before," Governor Cuomo said. "To face the new
pattern of extreme weather, we must ensure that vital transportation hubs and
economic engines like LaGuardia Airport are ready for the next major storm. This
is another example of how the State and our federal partners are building a
safer and stronger New York."

LaGuardia Airport's airfield suffered severe flooding from the rising waters of
adjacent Flushing Bay as Superstorm Sandy struck the region. Damage to key
electrical airfield infrastructure forced the airport to close for three days,
which inconvenienced thousands of fliers and cost the region millions in lost
economic activity.

Various initiatives to protect the airfield runways, electrical systems and
vital aeronautical equipment already have been implemented since the October
2012 storm. The new FEMA grant of $28,148,625 is an addition to FEMA's previous
award of $2,325,000 in grants for the program's first phase, bringing the total
federal outlay for the program to nearly $30.5 million.

Port Authority Director Pat Foye said, "We must do everything we can to ensure
that LaGuardia is able to withstand extreme weather and resume flight operations
as quickly as possible," said Port Authority Executive Director Pat Foye. "We
thank the Governor for his leadership in helping secure more than $30 million in
federal funding to construct new floodwalls, drainage systems and improve
electrical systems that will help keep LaGuardia open for business."

Senator Charles E. Schumer said, "As a major New York City airport, it's
absolutely necessary that LaGuardia is equipped with the mitigation and
resiliency measures needed to protect the airfield in the event of a future
storm. I am pleased that over $30 million in federal hazard mitigation funding
will help construct a floodwall, develop gravity drainage systems, upgrade the
airport's backup electrical substations, and improve and install backup
generators throughout the airport. Investing in flood prevention measures at
LaGuardia Airport is the smart thing to do so that Tri-state area flights are
not halted for days in the aftermath of the next super storm."

Senator Kirsten E. Gillibrand said, "La Guardia Airport is a critical hub for
New Yorkers and our tourism economy, and this investment will help ensure that
it can withstand the next storm," said Senator Gillibrand. "As New York
continues to rebuild from Superstorm Sandy, I will make sure that FEMA and our
federal agencies are responsive and provide the resources our communities need."

Congresswoman Nita M. Lowey said, "LaGuardia and other important transportation
infrastructure must be able to weather future storms. This FEMA money will
reduce the burden on New York taxpayers who bounced back incredibly following
Sandy's devastation. As Ranking Member of the House Appropriations Committee, I
am proud to have led the fight to secure federal Sandy recovery aid, and I will
continue to work with the Governor to ensure New York's recovery and resiliency
needs are met."

Congresswoman Carolyn B. Maloney said, "Sandy showed us that we have a long way
to go in shoring up our infrastructure so that it can withstand any disaster
Mother Nature has in store. These upgrades to LaGuardia take us a big step
forward, so that next time we'll be better prepared."

Congressman Joe Crowley said, "While we continue to help communities across New
York recover from the devastating impact of Hurricane Sandy, it is equally as
important to make much-needed investments in our infrastructure to ensure our
city is prepared to face the challenges of any future storms. There is no
question that one of those investments must include LaGuardia Airport, which
serves tens of thousands of passengers a day and contributes greatly to our
local economy. I thank the Governor for his help in securing this much-needed
funding that will help ensure that LaGuardia not only survives a future storm,
but can continue to thrive in its wake."

Congresswoman Grace Meng said, "These critical funds are a huge boost to
ensuring that LaGuardia is prepared for future storms and extreme weather
conditions. I thank Governor Cuomo and FEMA for all their work, and I'm pleased
to help announce these vital initiatives."

The projects, which have been approved by the Port Authority of New York and New
Jersey's Board of Commissioners are:

Construction of a floodwall and rainwater pumping system at the airport's west
end electrical substation and lighting vault.
    Development of two gravity drainage systems on the airfield to improve
removal of water in case of flooding.
    Upgrades to bring the airport's backup electrical substations into the
primary power system. This work is designed to improve staff's efforts to
monitor issues and enhance response to interruptions or other usage problems.
    Improvements to existing emergency generators and installation of new
back-up generators throughout the airport to provide backup power in case of
electrical system problems.


These projects are consistent with the recommendations highlighted in the NYS
2100 Commission Report convened by Governor Cuomo. The 2100 report specifically
highlighted protection of critical airport infrastructure through flood control
and electrical power system resiliency measures.

LaGuardia Airport is vital to the New York region, employing 10,000 people and
contributing more than $13 billion in total economic activity to the region.
Superstorm Sandy severely impacted LaGuardia, dumping more than 100 million
gallons of water from Flushing Bay onto the airfield and closing the airport to
flight operations for three days. An estimated 250,000 passengers were unable to
take scheduled flights during the storm and its immediate aftermath.

In addition to the FEMA grants that cover up to 75 percent of planning,
engineering and construction costs, the remaining expenses are expected to be
reimbursed through allowable flight fee payments at LaGuardia. FEMA's
reimbursements of $30.5 million are based on $40.6 million in eligible costs for
the Port Authority. Federal reimbursements are not applicable to an additional
nearly $5 million the Port Authority has set aside for project contingency and
other agency soft costs.

Construction contracts for these projects will be procured via publicly
advertised/low bid processes.

Project work is expected to continue through the end of 2016, with a total
economic impact estimated at 220 job-years, $13.1 million in wages and $66
million in economic activity.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Advocate (Burnie)

                            February 9, 2016 Tuesday
                         Advocate First Edition Edition

Fires add to stress for drought hit

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 328 words


BUSHFIRES have intensified the pressure on Circular Head communities already
under stress from drought, according to Rural Health Tasmania's Kate Cross.

Save Your Bacon community events will be held from Smithton to Redpa for
communities in tough times with a focus on mental and physical health.

Entertainment will include John Harper, public speaker and founder of Mate
Helping Mate, comedian Nelly Thomas and live music.

"We can't control the weather and we can't control fires but we can help arm
people with information to keep their mates and themselves healthy both mentally
and physically," Ms Cross said.

The fires were not yet near the region when plans for this year's Save Your
Bacon series had begun.

The added pressure on the community had made the events, which also ran last
year, "very timely", Ms Cross said.

"When we first started planning the fires weren't even on our radar and the
things we've seen in the community as response to the drought just became
intensified.

"It's added so much stress and anxiety and fear for people too, and these things
can divide a community."

Food and entertainment will be supplemented with "PITSTOP", a series of health
screening checks.

"What we see is people in rural and regional areas become very isolated because
they're so independent," Ms Cross said.

"There's a lot of research around the negative mental health impact on those who
are really suffering from the dry, not just the economic impact but also the
trauma of witnessing to the damage of their crops and soil or struggling to make
sure their livestock are catered for."

Save Your Bacon is at Woolnorth for a private event for Woolnorth staff on
Wednesday, February 17, from 10.30am to 1.30pm; at Redpa Recreation Centre on
Wednesday, February 17, from 6.30-9.30pm; at Smithton Recreation Grounds on
Friday, February 26 from 6.30-9.30pm; and at Mawbanna on Saturday, February 27,
from 6.30-9.30pm.

For more information contact Rural Health Tasmania on 6452 1266 .

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ON THE ROAD: Karen Cardillo, Kate Cross and Sarah Costello are
promoting the Rural Health initiative Save Your Bacon. Picture: Grant Wells.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              990 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            February 6, 2012 Monday

BENIN : Reducing the impact of plant protection practices of gardening on the
environment and human health in the municipality of Adjohoun
(BEN/SGP/OP5/CORE/PP/11/07) PROJECT

LENGTH: 412  words


Country: BENIN
Grantee: Initiatives for Integrated Development - IDID NGOs (Non-government
Organization)
Focal Area: Persistent Organic Pollutants
Op Program:
Project Type: Full
Operational Phase: Pilot Phase
Dates:  11/2011 - 5/2013
Grant Amount:  30 $ 000.00
Project Status: Not yet active
In Benin, vegetable production is an important source of employment in urban,
suburban and especially river banks and / or certain areas of the valleys
(Tiamiyou, 1995). Vegetable crops are a food source that complement well the
varied needs of the people of Benin whose power base is mainly composed of
carbohydrates, the main energy foods (Amoussougbo, 1993). In practice this
activity, market gardeners are prone to problems hindering the development of
this sector. The major problem is that the parasites that affect the quality as
well as yields leading to the sudden loss of profits to producers.


To address this problem, producers in the absence of specific inputs to
production, use cotton insecticides. The logical consequence that results from
these bad practices is firstly contamination of vegetables produced by pesticide
residues and other progressive pollution of the environment (soil, air, water,
crops) and especially during water surrounding these pesticides. The phenomenon
is even more worrying when you consider that most of these products are consumed
fresh without prior processing in the preparation of various dishes and sauces
input. This project entitled "Reducing the impact of plant protection practices
of gardening on the environment and human health" derives its relevance because
it overcomes the pollution of the environment by integrating actors in a market
garden learning process for the control of alternative treatment methods for
ecologically sustainable production.
Activities proposed by the project are the establishment of facilities to
producers% access to recommended pesticides and least toxic, strengthening their
technical capabilities, material and organizational and implementation of a
system of self monitoring of quality vegetable products and environmental
protection.
Note also the project%s economic impact on women in particular (vegetable
production leaves and fruit is much practiced by women as income-generating
activity). The orientation of pesticides at low cost reduces the cost of
production of vegetables and thereby increase the gross margin resulting from
these activities at these players.

country :Benin
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2012 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 19, 2011 Friday

Sedalia health care touts its clout

BYLINE: Matthew Steingraber, The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1119 words


Aug. 19--The seventh annual Sedalia Showcase on Thursday highlighted the
community's health care sector and its impact on the local economy.

Economic Development Sedalia-Pettis County (EDSPC) hosted the event that
showcases a different facet of the local economy each year during the second
Thursday of the Missouri State Fair.

This year's focus, under the theme of "Examine Sedalia's Health Care," detailed
local progress, changes and trends.

"Health care is a very big piece of the picture when companies are looking at
expanding or relocating," said Linda Christle, EDSPC executive director. "Health
care (along with education) is one of the top two things companies are looking
for, so you really need a well-rounded health care sector."

A group of local and state lawmakers, economic development officials, business
leaders and other members of the community gathered Thursday morning for a
ribbon-cutting ceremony to dedicate the $8.2 million Bothwell Healing Arts
Center at 3700 W. 10th St.

The 56,787-square-foot, three-story medical office building, which is connected
to the west side of the Bothwell Diagnostic Center, will be the new home of
Bothwell OB/GYN Associates and Missouri Heart Center.

Bothwell President and Chief Executive John Dawes said some unfinished space on
the second floor and the entire third floor will be finished later according to
specifications of the physicians who are recruited.

After lunch, Dawes and Rob Rollings, chairman of Bothwell's Board of Trustees,
discussed the recruiting edge the Healing Arts Center is expected to provide,
along with health care's local economic impact.

Rollings said the new medical office building should give Bothwell a significant
advantage as the health center looks to recruit more than a dozen physicians
over the next two years -- a competitive challenge for rural communities as more
medical students finishing their education elect to become specialists and
gravitate toward urban areas.

"When physicians are evaluating where to practice, they look at the availability
of modern office space," Rollings said. "Not only is this state-of-the-art
facility wired for the new requirements of medical technology, it is in a
high-traffic area that offers patients easy access to ample parking and
comfortable surroundings. It also has the advantage of having diagnostic imaging
and lab services right next door."

John Swearingen, president of the EDSPC board of directors, said that along with
being a cornerstone of recruiting prospective businesses, health care represents
a force for employment and investment in the community.

With nearly 900 employees and an annual payroll of about $46 million, Bothwell
is Sedalia's largest local employer. Dawes said across the state, health care
accounts for more than 15 percent of Missouri's economy.

Dawes also noted that in the past 18 months, Bothwell has invested more than $24
million in construction, including a $1.1 million renovation of the hospital's
Women's Health Unit, the $8.2 million Healing Arts Center and the $15.5 million
Canon Center for Cancer and Cardiovascular Care.

Before the event at Bothwell's new medical office building, the showcase group
stopped at Katy Trail Community Health, where they heard a presentation from
Chief Executive Chris Stewart.

Stewart said that in 2010, the federally qualified health center served 9,023
patients in more than 28,500 visits, providing care to about 20 percent of
Sedalia residents, 12 percent of Pettis County residents and 8 percent of Benton
County residents.

The health center, which receives federal grant funding, provides medical,
dental and behavioral health care, as well as enabling services such as
transportation or interpretation, with fees adjusted on a scale based on a
patient's household income.

In addition to promoting better health through prevention, coordination and
health management, Stewart said health centers are economic generators as well.
In 2009, Katy Trail Community Health generated $4.8 million in Pettis and Benton
counties.

"We're about 30 percent bigger than we were in 2009," she said. "Over the past
five years since we became a health center, we grew 30 percent every year,
except last year, which was a little dip. We still grew, and we're on target to
grow another 30 percent this year."

The tour was also scheduled to travel to State Fair Community College to see the
college's Allied Health Center and dental programs, before heading to the Pettis
County Health Center.

JoAnn Martin, Pettis County Health Center administrator, said she intended to
highlight the history of the center, as well as some initiatives for which it is
pursuing funding.

She said the center is applying for Community Transformation Grants, which are
authorized under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, for a
workplace health initiative that would help smaller employers distribute
educational materials on prevalent local health issues to promote early
identification and prevention.

"I am very happy public health was showcased in the event," Martin said. "We
really have a major impact on keeping a community healthy, so citizens can
continue to go to work and live in a healthy manner."

The showcase was set to close out the tour of local health care facilities with
a trip to Bothwell's Canon Center for Cancer and Cardiovascular Care, which was
to be followed by a reception that evening on the Missouri State Fairgrounds.

Earlier in the day, the group attended a ribbon-cutting ceremony at LammTech's
new building at 917 S. Limit Ave., which the company is expected to move into in
the coming weeks.

Rob Lamm, president of the information technology management and consulting
business, bought the former Excel Bank building in April after the business had
outgrown its building at 400 S. Kentucky Ave.

"We had reached the point in our corporate life where we couldn't grow and
couldn't bring on any more customers because we needed more employees," Lamm
said.

The company's relocation was aided by Enhanced Enterprise Zone incentives, and
Lamm credited economic development officials for helping the company's
expansion.

"With the benefits we get from the economic development people, it really makes
it fit," he said. "We're hoping to double our size of employees in about the
next five or six years, so we really want to make a big impact on the
community."

To see more of The Sedalia Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sedaliademocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Sedalia Democrat,
Sedalia, Mo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110819-SX-Sedalia-health-care-touts-its-clout-0819-20110819

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2011 The Sedalia Democrat


                              992 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Courier (Connelsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 19, 2008 Wednesday

Residents look at tourism opportunities

BYLINE: Judy Kroeger, The Daily Courier, Connellsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 973 words


Mar. 19--Nearly 100 people gathered inside the Connellsville Community Center
auditorium Tuesday to express their impression of the city and imagine what the
future may hold.

With the city bisected by the scenic Youghiogheny River and the Yough River
Trail, Connellsville could be poised to become a tourist hub and a thriving
community. But progress will require direction.

Michael Edwards, president of the Connellsville Cultural Trust, which is working
with the Connellsville Redevelopment Authority to apply for the state Main
Street Program, said the city's last comprehensive plan was completed in 1972.

"A lot has changed in 30 years," Edwards said.

The city is preparing to create a new plan, as well as apply for the Main Street
Program, which could leverage $175,000 from the state.

Yesterday's meeting was required as part of the application. At least 1 percent
of Connellsville's 9,000 residents had to attend for the meeting to count.

The city is part of the Trail Towns Program through the Progress Fund, an
economic development initiative for communities along the Great Allegheny
Passage.

The meeting included discussion of both programs and input from the audience.
The next step will involve volunteer committees working in four areas: design,
organization, promotion and economic restructuring.

"I look at the opportunity you have in this community, and it's huge," said Ann
Nemanic, trail concierge with the Laurel Highlands Visitors Bureau. "We look at
the Great Allegheny Passage as a new form of transportation. Green is in. You do
need a hotel, more restaurants, an ice cream stand and a coffee shop."

She said people are looking for things to do, and biking the trail is a good
activity.

Nemanic suggested Connellsville pursue its artistic potential. A survey of trail
users found their No. 1 desire is for a restaurant. No. 4 is for an art or craft
store.

"There is not another trail town with a focus on art," she said.

Cathy McCollom is with the Trail Towns Program. She said the program has
indicated a significant economic impact from the Great Allegheny Passage.

"Connellsville has had a trail for more than 20 years. What has changed? In
2002, 350,000 people traveled on the state's 150 miles of trails and spent $7.26
million. In Somerset County, 30 businesses attribute their existence to the
trail."

The 50 "trail miles" from Pittsburgh to Connellsville "is perfect for a weekend
overnight trip," McCollom said. "It's seven days from Washington, D.C., to
Pittsburgh. Connellsville is the perfect place at the perfect time. This is a
significant market."

McCollom said she and elected officials are working to attract a hotel or
campground. Loans and technical assistance will be available through the Trail
Town Program to develop businesses.

She described the Main Street Program as "tried and true. It started in the
early '80s through the National Trust for Historic Preservation. Those buildings
downtown can't be recreated today. This program develops new uses for old,
historic buildings."

One vital aspect is that the community helps itself. The state Department of
Community and Economic Development administers the grant, which requires a local
commitment of $90,000 during four years.

The city has pledged 30 percent. Edwards asked members of the audience to commit
to $5 per month for three years.

"It's a start," he said.

The money does not have to be paid immediately, just pledged.

McCollom said the program will allow for facade grants, an anchor building
program and will leverage non-Main Street grants. DCED gives first priority to
Main Street communities in awarding grants.

Following these presentations, community planners Eric Fulmer and Whitney
Finnstrom, of Mullin & Lonergan Associates Inc., Pittsburgh, the firm that will
prepare Connellsville's comprehensive plan, engaged the audience in the planning
process. They used a four-pronged approach: strengths, weaknesses, opportunities
and threats.

Strengths included: rich history, the river, year-round recreation, affordable
housing, a local hospital, easy access to other area attractions and friendly
people.

Weaknesses included: lack of appreciation for local history, dilapidated
buildings, lack of industry, lack of public transportation, drugs and crime,
lack of professional people reinvesting in the community, and the appearance of
political squabbling rather than coming up with solutions.

Opportunities included: planting flowers in empty lots, developing Connellsville
as a cycling hub, the community center theater and cultural activities, live
bands at East Park, trains, and promoting Connellsville as a bedroom community
halfway between Pittsburgh and Morgantown, W.Va.

Threats included: youth continue to leave, commercial structures and residential
neighborhoods deteriorate, schools may close, the river may become polluted, and
a negative attitude toward tourism.

Edwards closed the meeting by encouraging attendees to sign up for a committee.

"We need everyone's help for the volunteer committees," he said.

Those who did not attend the meeting may also sign up for design, organization,
promotion or economic restructuring committees or make a pledge by contacting
the Connellsville Cultural Trust at www.connellsvilleculturaltrust.org or
724-626-0141.

A summary of the meeting will be available on the trust's Web site.

Judy Kroeger can be reached at jkroeger@tribweb.com or 724-626-3538.

To see more of The Daily Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/dailycourier/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Daily
Courier, Connellsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080319-DC-Residents-look-at-tourism-opportunities-0319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DC


                        Copyright 2008 The Daily Courier


                              993 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           September 3, 2015 Thursday

Interdepartmental group set up to tackle student accommodation crisis;
Minister publishes report on supply and demand of placesfor students to live

BYLINE: Joe Humphreys

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 982 words


An interdepartmental steering group has been set up to examine proposals to
tackle the student accommodation crisis, including a possible new tax relief for
developers.

The move was announced by Minister for Education Jan O'Sullivan following her
publication yesterday of a report commissioned by the Higher Education Authority
(HEA) into the scale of the shortage.

Ms O'Sullivan has also announced a grant of EUR 30,000 to the Union of Students
in Ireland to help it develop its homes.usi.ie website, aimed at promoting a
rent-a-room scheme.

The Minister said the scheme was "a win-win situation as students get
accommodation and homeowners can earn up to EUR 12,000 a year tax-free doing
this".

The HEA Report on Student Accommodation: Demand and Supply says third-level
institutions plan to invest EUR 1.2 billion in developing bed spaces over the
period to 2024. However, this will still leave the sector with a shortage of
over 25,000 beds due to the expected growth in the student population in that
period.

Radical proposals

The report, finalised by the HEA in conjunction with officials from the
Department of Education, omits a number of more radical proposals that were
considered at drafting stage.

These included a proposal by University College Cork president Dr Michael Murphy
for a zero VAT rate on the construction of student accommodation. The report
does recommend that "consideration be given to tax measures to develop on-campus
accommodation" for higher education institutions (HEIs).

Other recommendations include:

nFurther promotion of the rent-a-room scheme by homeowners in areas adjacent to
higher education institutions;

nConsider the provision of a capital grant specifically for HEI's development of
student accommodation for a fixed period of time;

nConsult with Nama, on a commercial basis, regarding the availability of
suitable properties and land;

nLocal authorities should consider the use of the Vacant Land Levy, provided for
in the Urban Regeneration and Housing Bill 2015, to increase the supply of land
that could be used for student accommodation;

nExplore potential for joint initiatives involving HEIs and an approved housing
agency to deliver bed places;

nConsider the potential to deliver projects through a PPP financing model;

nContinued engagement between HEIs and the Ireland Strategic Investment Fund,
which "sees student accommodation as an area of investment consistent with its
dual bottom line mandate of commercial investment with economic impact";

nHEIs should consider allocating 10 per cent of new bed spaces for students with
disabilities to allow for likely increased demand by these students;

nFurther research should be done on student experiences in accommodation so as
to inform policy.

As reported by The Irish Times last July, the report estimates that 57,104
students sought accommodation last year, and this is expected to rise to 68,679
by 2024.

In the same period, the number of student-designated bed spaces, provided either
on campus or via private accommodation, is set to rise from 31,296 to 43,496,
leaving "unmet demand" of at least 25,000 bed spaces each year.

This is depicted as a best-case scenario as it assumes various third-level
student accommodation projects which have been announced - but for which funding
has not yet been secured - are completed on time.

Ms O'Sullivan said the interdepartmental steering group would provide a
co-ordinating mechanism to ensure that the higher education institutions have
access to information "on new potential funding and delivery".

She said: "In the longer term the Government is committed to addressing the
housing shortage through the Construction 2020 strategy.

Housing stock

 "This will not resolve all of our problems immediately, but I am confident that
the implementation of Construction 2020 will provide us with a sustainable
housing stock in the medium to longer term."

Fianna Fáil's education spokesman Charlie McConalogue TD described the
Minister's announcement as "exceptionally disappointing".

"She has been sitting on the report for five months, and there are no concrete
proposals coming forward." He said a blend involving tax relief and capital
spending measures should be introduced which would allow institutions - as
opposed to private developers - to invest in accommodation.

Shortages

The report says discussions with HEIs and other stakeholders suggest that the
shortages of available accommodation are "high" in Dublin, Cork and Galway and
to a lesser extent Limerick. "Accommodation in other areas, along with private
rented accommodation, is generally adequate to meet demand."

It also says a quality issue needs to be considered. "The standard and
suitability of some private student accommodation, particularly where [the now
abolished] section 50 tax breaks have been utilised and capital allowances have
been fully claimed, is questionable but has not been fully examined as part of
this exercise."

The report estimates that it costs approximately EUR 85,000 to create each bed
space, and while HEIs have difficulties accessing land and finance, student
accommodation can become a significant income stream in the long run.

The level of income generated by the university sector from this source is due
to increase from EUR 51 million in 2014 to just under EUR 120 million in 2024.
The costs of maintaining the increased number of bed spaces will double over the
period from an estimated EUR 30 million in 2014 to just over EUR 63 million.

Providing campus accommodation "is a prerequisite for attracting new overseas
students", the report says. Some universities, including UCD, have already begun
prioritising overseas students in their housing policies.

The report cites "a risk in developing substantial new student accommodation
which may result in low occupancy rates during the summer", albeit some
universities have generated a healthy market in summer rentals.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              994 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 22, 2015 Thursday

Alabama: Broad success and growing momentum highlight UAB State of the
University

LENGTH: 774 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Montgomery: University of Alabama, The State of Alabama has issued the
following news release:



 University of Alabama at Birmingham President Ray L. Watts shared details of
the institution&rsquo;s many successes and broad impact at his annual State of
the University address Monday afternoon at the UAB Alumni House, and he fielded
questions from students, faculty and staff.





 Hosted by the UAB Faculty Senate, this year&rsquo;s address, &ldquo;Focused
Priorities &ndash; Boundless Opportunities,&rdquo; centered on positive momentum
across the institution guided by the campus-wide strategic planning process
leading UAB into a productive and promising new era.



 Watts focused on strategic priorities and successes across each of the five
pillars of UAB&rsquo;s multifaceted mission: the education of students, who are
exposed to multidisciplinary learning and a new world of diversity; research,
the creation of new knowledge; patient care, the outcome of
&ldquo;bench-to-bedside&rdquo; translational knowledge; service to the community
at home and around the globe, from free clinics in local neighborhoods to the
transformational experience of the arts; and the economic development of
Birmingham and Alabama.



 &ldquo;We are having great success by focusing our efforts and resources on
programs that will have the biggest possible impact across each pillar of our
mission,&rdquo; Watts said. &ldquo;If we stay focused and continue to invest in
and support our talented students, faculty and staff to allow them to reach
their potential, UAB will continue to build on decades of growing
momentum.&rdquo;

 Highlights of the address included updates on many accomplishments since the
last State of the University:



     UAB enrolled its highest-achieving freshman class, Honors College
enrollment increased by 18 percent, and UAB is one of the nation&rsquo;s most
diverse college campuses, with students, faculty and staff representing more
than 100 countries

     New student facilities have opened and will continue to come online, and
there are plans for new academic and athletic facilities

     Federal funds received by UAB to support high-impact research initiatives
increased year over year in spite of federal funding&rsquo;s being at an
all-time low in recent years

     In 2014-2015, UAB produced the most student finalists and winners of
competitive national/international honors in university history (51), including:
UAB&rsquo;s third Rhodes Scholar, a Fulbright Scholarship, two William J.
Clinton Scholarships and a second national championship in the Bioethics Bowl

     UAB continues to increase access to higher-education opportunities to
underserved populations through highly successful initiatives: GEAR UP has
enrolled 9,300 students from 50 schools in 21 school districts across
Alabama&rsquo;s Black Belt; UABTeach doubled its enrollment goal in preparing
UAB students to eliminate the shortage of science, technology, engineering and
math (STEM) teachers; and the community college Joint Admissions program has
enrolled nearly 700 students and recently partnered with a fifth institution

     University rankings placed UAB and its programs and specialties among the
best in the nation and world, and UAB is among only 51 universities classified
by the Carnegie Foundation for both very high research activity and community
engagement

     UAB&rsquo;s $5 billion annual economic impact in the state hits home; the
institution spent $292.7 million with roughly 1,600 Birmingham suppliers in
Fiscal Year 2014

     An action plan was implemented to enhance campus safety, and new
initiatives and resources continue to come online following the UAB Safety Task
Force&rsquo;s comprehensive assessment of facilities, support services and
education programs, as well as institutional practices and procedures intended
to create and sustain a safe environment

     UAB had its most successful fundraising year ever, securing more than $107
million and reaching $631.7 million of the $1 billion goal in The Campaign for
UAB, and UAB Athletics has received unprecedented financial support

     Recent leadership team additions include Vice Provost for Enrollment
Management Bradley Barnes, Vice President for Student AffairsJohn Jones, Vice
President for Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Paulette Patterson Dilworth,
Director of Athletics Mark Ingram, Graduate School Dean Lori McMahon, Vice
President of Information Technology and Chief Information Officer Curt Carver,
and Chief Communications Officer Anne Buckley.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 8, 2012 Wednesday

Shenandoah gets USDA funding for new police car

BYLINE: John E. Usalis, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 705 words


Aug. 08--SHENANDOAH -- The Shenandoah Police Department is in need of a new
vehicle, and thanks to a federal grant, a new four-wheel drive cruiser will be
purchased in the near future.

U.S. Rep. Tim Holden, D-17, and Thomas P. Williams, U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development Pennsylvania state director, visited Shenandoah on
Tuesday morning to announce that $18,240 has been awarded to the borough through
a Community Facilities Economic Impact Initiative Grant to purchase a 2013 Ford
police cruiser to replace an inoperative vehicle.

The check presentation was made outside the police station, with Holden,
Williams, Mayor Andrew Szczyglak, borough council President Leo Pietkiewicz,
Borough Manager Joseph L. Palubinsky and Edward Kleha, legislative aide for
state Rep. Neal P. Goodman, D-123, attending the presentation.

In his first duty as mayor, Szczyglak accepted the grant and was appreciative of
the financial help for a new police vehicle.

"I want to thank Tim Holden for all the years of support to Shenandoah and the
surrounding communities," Szczyglak said. "He has always been a big help with
emergency services in the borough and the county. This is a great gift to us and
helps us out a great deal."

Williams said it was great to represent Holden and the Obama Administration in
helping small communities throughout rural Pennsylvania.

"We're going to buy them (Shenandoah) a new one, or at least 55 percent of a new
one," Williams said.

"Tom and I have been working together for a long time, during his time at USDA
and before when he worked for Congressman (Paul E.) Kanjorski," Holden said.
"When people think of the Department of Agriculture, their first inkling is
production agriculture, but what Tom and his team have done across Pennsylvania
and USDA around the country with rural development in helping communities like
Shenandoah and just about every community in Schuylkill County over the years
can be seen by residents."

Holden said he hopes to see the investment in rural development continue, adding
it has been a struggle in Washington with the leadership in the U.S. House of
Representatives in trying to reauthorize the farm bill.

Kleha said, "On behalf of Representative Goodman, it has always been a pleasure
to partner with the congressman and USDA as a team player. We appreciate all the
help we've received in the legislative district over the years."

Palubinsky said the grant funds will be received just when the borough needs
them.

"The timing couldn't be any better with this grant," Palubinsky said. "Our other
four-wheel drive vehicle is out of commission and needs major repairs. The fact
that we are receiving a grant for 55 percent of the cost of a new vehicle in
this day of declining revenue capacity, it's very helpful to the borough and
residents."

Palubinsky also expressed his thanks to Holden for his assistance to the borough
over the years and the sorrow of Holden leaving office this year. After serving
20 years in the U.S. House of Representatives, Holden was defeated in this
year's primary election by Matt Cartwright.

"On a sad note, I can't say enough about Congressman Holden. The residents of
the 17th District are losing a friend, not only because of grant money, but
basically a real friend," Palubinsky said. "He always had an open door policy.
You're not going to have that anymore, and we're going to miss that. I wish him
all the luck."

Through its Rural Development mission area, USDA administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices. Rural Development serves as the
lead federal agency for rural development needs by offering financial and
technical assistance to individuals, businesses and community. The programs
include funding for day care centers, fire trucks and other community facility
projects; the purchase, construction or repair of homes; loans and guarantees to
rural business to save or create jobs and renewable energy; and loans and grants
for water and sewer utility projects.

___ (c)2012 the Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) Visit the Republican &
Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) at republicanherald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120808-RN-Shenandoah-gets-USDA-funding-for-new-police-car-0808-20120808

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2012 Republican & Herald


                              996 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                                October 29, 2014
                                 First Edition

Government to set up centre for wellbeing;
HEALTH

BYLINE: Oliver Wright whitehall editor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 255 words


Increasing national wellbeing is to be put at the heart of government
policy-making, ministers will announce today, with the establishment of a new
centre to measure the impact of policies on people's happiness.

Two years ago the Office of National Statistics began publishing the first data
on national wellbeing as part of its Integrated Household Survey.

But now the Government is to go further and set up a centre to assist Whitehall
policy makers assessing whether government initiatives are likely to improve or
diminish the happiness of those they affect and wider society.

The plans is that eventually all decisions from building a third runway at
Heathrow to best approaches to cut crime should be subjected to a well-being
assessment in much the same way as they are assessed for economic impact.

The new What Works Centre for Wellbeing will be up and running by next spring
and will be initially led by the former Cabinet Secretary Lord O'Donnell.

Last year he published an international study that identified mental health,
meaningful work, loneliness and the physical environment as some of the key
drivers of happiness or unhappiness often over-looked by policy makers.

Lord O'Donnell said that for too long the Government had tended to use the blunt
measurement of increasing GDP to assess the success of the country when actually
it was unconnected with people's general happiness.

The new centre, which will develop a methodology for assessing wellbeing in
policy terms, will be supported by a £3.5 million government grant.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2014 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              997 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                           October 22, 2008 Wednesday
                        4 - City Edition 11:30pm Edition

The numbers add up if you understand all the facts

BYLINE: Terry McCrann

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 551  words


MACQUARIE Bank economist Rory Robertson appears to have some difficulty with
numbers and an understanding of economic policy. He claimed yesterday I was
wrong to write as I did in these columns yesterday, that Kevin Rudd's $10
billion spending splurge was the ``first use of major, deliberate fiscal
stimulus for the economy since Paul Keating's ill-fated One Nation in 1992''.

It wasn't true, according to Rory, because in 2001, stimulatory fiscal policy,
centred on the First Home Owner Grant, was part of policymakers' response to
avoid recession.

In 2001, the Reserve Bank reversed its earlier rate hikes, while Canberra eased
fiscal policy, wrote Rory.

Well the First Home Owner Grant had nothing to do with an overall stimulus
package. It was directed specifically to deal with a sectoral problem -- the
dramatic slump in new home building as a consequence of the imposition of the
GST on building materials.

Indeed, it was actually introduced as part of the GST package in 2000 to offset
the GST impact. In 2001, the grant was doubled, but only on new buildings.

Indeed, Rudd chose exactly the same increase -- $7000 -- for his increase last
week but he gave it on all first home acquisitions. In 2001 Howard and Costello
did it only on new buildings and, because they are only 10 per cent of first
home acquisitions, costed at just $150 million.

Yes, the government had a number of other fiscal handouts in 2001. And yes,
obviously, they would ``fiscally boost'' the economy.

But they were like budget handouts in any, indeed every, year. Some were totally
political -- like John Howard cutting the petrol excise in sheer and deserved
panic.

The key point though is that they did not add up to a specific hard-hitting
fiscal package. The single biggest new spending had nothing to do with the
economy as such -- $5 billion extra for defence.

But even on the most exaggerated estimate of their economic impact they added up
to about what Rudd unveiled a week ago. But spread over four or five years!
Rudd's $10 billion not only comes pretty much in a single year but more than $8
billion of it goes straight into the economy on a single day.

The even more important point that Rory doesn't seem to understand, and is
critical to understanding what might happen, especially with monetary policy
going forward, is that in 2001 fiscal policy such as it was, was de facto
``co-ordinated'' with monetary policy.

The Reserve Bank started cutting rates early in 2001. The government dribbled
out its -- in comparison with last week, marginal -- fiscal initiatives. And it
continued cutting late in the year, around 9/11. The Reserve was not
``ambushed'' by a dramatic and huge fiscal stimulus as it was by Rudd last week.

Two weeks ago, as was made clear in the bank board's minutes and by Governor
Glenn Stevens yesterday, the Reserve Bank cut by 100 points to both get ahead of
the game and with the knowledge the banks would only pass on 75-80 points.

He/it most certainly did not anticipate the Government coming over the top; just
a week later with the $10 billion splurge. Further, by guaranteeing deposits and
helping ease bank funding costs, the Government delivered its own monetary
policy easing.

______________________________

>> For all the latest news and analysis in the business world
dailytelegraph.com.au

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              998 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                South Wales Echo

                            August 9, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Communities get cash to fund huge clean-up

BYLINE: Nicola Bartlett

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14,15

LENGTH: 907 words


CLEAN-UP projects across South Wales have been awarded £800,000 to tidy the
region.

Community groups will receive a significant part of the Welsh Government funding
for initiatives from clearing rubbish to removing dog waste, painting murals to
planting vegetables.

There is also £35,000 for each local authority on top of £400,000 of individual
grants for projects organised by each council.

Of the £118,305.68 for community groups, People Around Here in Cardiff have
received £5,000 to transform a wall covered in graffiti into a piece of art. The
community art initiative will be working to cover the 100-metre wall in Cathays
with a mural telling the history of the area.

The Cornelly and District Development Trust has been given £30,000 to turn an
overgrown area of land in Bridgend affected by litter and fly-tipping into
community gardens.

Anthony Slaughter, chair of Penarth Greening, which have been awarded £11,610,
said the group would be using the money to help create a community garden on a
patch of land owned by the neighbouring nursery school, Bute Cottage Nursery in
Penarth.

The group started looking at the patch of land around two years ago but the
project stalled as it became difficult to fund it.

He said: "We have been looking at various options for community gardens for
quite a long time.

"The aim is to transform an unused piece of derelict wasteland into a community
garden that will be used and enjoyed by all members of the community."

Once the nursery, which owns the land, had got permission for a garden, it had
to comply with rules that cover all the open spaces in the area, namely, making
sure it is securely locked at night.

That meant the project would need funding in order to build a secure fence and
gate, and so it was put on hold while they applied for various grants.

But with the recent injection of cash it's full steam ahead and Anthony and the
group plans to hold meetings at the end of the summer to tell the local
community about their plans.

Anthony said: "Hopefully more and more people will get involved and it will have
its own group, that's the only way these things succeed. There was a lot of
support initially when it was first suggested."

Penarth Greening planted a small orchard on the land earlier this year to give
people an idea of the area's potential.

Anthony said: "Plans for the garden include a small orchard area with wildflower
meadow planting, a log circle 'open classroom' space which will be available to
all local schools and community groups, a community growing area with raised
beds for fruit and vegetable growing and a range of variously planted areas with
seating and space for relaxation and socialising.

"What's happened in other community gardens is people think it's an allotment
and that a group of very keen people are going to take it over, the actual
growing section is going to be a very small part of it, it's just about creating
a community space."

Housing group Melin Homes has been given £30,000, which it is using to bring
residents and non-residents together for its Brighter Cleaner Communities
Project in Torfaen and elswhere. It is looking for ideas from the public but
will build on previous clean ups which have involved filling skips, litter
picking, sprucing up gardens and planting flowers, developing allotment areas,
refurbishing benches and paths and bringing disused land back into use. The
council-run projects include £52,000 for a Caerphilly council project to improve
the entrance to the Lansbury Park shopping centre by removing planters, clearing
rubble, laying paving, planting trees, shrubs and flowers and installing street
furniture.

While Torfaen has been given £52,651 to regenerate the Cwmynyscoy area by
working with local residents and the gypsy traveller community to restore the
potholed surface of the lanes, clear vegeta-tion, litter and fly-tipping and
planting trees and flowers Frank Ady, head of marketing and enterprise for Keep
Wales Tidy, a charity which works with community groups and local authorities
for a cleaner Wales, said the funding would have a "massive impact".

He said: "This amount of money can achieve so much especially when your labour
costs are so little.

What we do is inspire community groups to clean up and green up. That's
everything from litter clearance right through to the regeneration of areas
which have become blighted and become dangerous. It changes not just the look of
an area and ambience but it's everything right through to social and economic
impact.

"Groups of individuals who might be out of work, and have got time to volunteer
the experience might actually help them to get work. It means a lot to these
communities."

By funding grass-roots groups, Mr Ady said that these improvements were more
likely to be sustainable. He said: "If people are putting the effort in and
working to volunteer and working to transform these areas they're going to be
inspired to keep it looking good."

The charity has seen many examples of groups which have been set up for a
particular project becoming established and finding their own sources of funding
over time.

Mr Ady said: "It's a lovely Welsh trait that people love where they live. We're
like a little catalyst that gets that support going and it's getting more and
more trendy with green activities. It's nice to go to the beach or the park but
actually look outside the back gate or the front door."

For more pictures go to www.walesonline.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tackling graffiti will be a major focal point of the big clean-up
IAIN FINDLAY BPMSTF
Community groups have been given funds to clean up ¦their areas CLIVE TAGG

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWE


                    Copyright 2014 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              999 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             August 17, 2015 Monday

Rosemont drawing more tourist dollars

BYLINE: By Christopher Placek cplacek@dailyherald.com

SECTION: BIZ LEDGER; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 443 words


Rosemont and state tourism officials recently touted new numbers that show the
growing effect of entertainment, hotels, conventions, shopping and restaurants
on the local economy.

Visitors spent more than $853.1 million in Rosemont last year -- a 33 percent
increase over the year before, according to the village and Illinois Office of
Tourism, which wrapped up a four-day, 12-stop tour of the state Thursday at
Hofbrauhaus in Rosemont's MB Financial Park entertainment district.

Much of that money was spent at the entertainment district, Fashion Outlets of
Chicago, Donald E. Stephens Convention Center, Allstate Arena, the 15 hotels
scattered throughout town, and restaurants.

That all fits within a town the size of 2 1/2 square miles, where only 4,200
residents live.

"We need tourists. It has to happen," said Christopher Stephens, the convention
center's executive director. "From that standpoint, we love to be a partner with
the state bringing people here."

Visitor expenditures generated a total of $76 million in tax revenues split
among the village, state and Cook County. All three share sales taxes; the
village and state share hotel taxes; the village gets restaurant, beverage and
amusement taxes.

Cory Jobe, appointed in January by Gov. Bruce Rauner as state tourism director,
gave an overview of state and local tourism numbers and initiatives to a roomful
of officials from convention and visitors bureaus in Rosemont, the northwest
suburbs, DuPage County, Lake County, the North Shore and St. Charles.

He also made sure to address "the elephant in the room": the state's financial
crisis.

While the governor and legislative leaders remain deadlocked on a state budget,
state agency directors remain "crawling rather than running" when it comes to
things they're planning for in their individual budgets, Jobe said.

And while "everything is on the table" to fill the budget hole, Jobe says he's
prepared to tout the value of marketing and promotion.

"We are committed to making known the economic impact of tourism on our state's
bottom line," he said. "Tourism means jobs, revenue and a better quality of life
for all."

The Rosemont Convention and Tourism Bureau is one of 40 visitors bureaus across
Illinois that gets money from the state Office of Tourism. It's received grants
to help fund an advertising campaign that includes TV and radio ads, billboards,
and banners on buses and taxi cabs.

The village pays for half of the advertising campaign, but relies on the state
to cover the other half.

"Obviously, we'd like to get our grants," Stephens said. "The village has spent
on infrastructure and development. We want everyone to know about it."

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.com, October 2012 Rosemont's MB Financial
Park, with its collection of dining and entertainment offerings, is one place
where visitors spent money in 2014, leading to a 33 percent increase in the
amount of travel expenditures villagewide. Mark Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.com,
October 2012 Rosemont's MB Financial Park, with its collection of dining and
entertainment offerings, is one place where visitors spent money in 2014,
leading to a 33 percent increase in the amount of travel expenditures
villagewide. Mark Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.com The Rosemont Entertainment
District is a growing collection of businesses that draws people from all over
the world.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.
