
                              501 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                            November 19, 2007 Monday
                                 First Edition

Grants for low-carbon homes tumble after change to rules

BYLINE: Martin Hickman Consumer Affairs Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 327 words


Grants for home installation of solar panels and wind turbines have plummeted
despite the Government's publicly stated commitment to promote renewable power,
official figures show.

Household payments under the Low Carbon Buildings Programme have tumbled from
£536,000 a month before the rules of the scheme were changed in May, to £219,000
afterwards - a fall of 59 per cent. The number of householders getting grants
has fallen 19 per cent.

The Liberal Democrat MP Jenny Willott, who uncovered the figures in a Commons
question to the Energy minister, Malcolm Wicks, said the Government was in
danger of "pulling the rug from underneath" Britain's micro-renewables industry.

Amid publicity about the danger of climate change, the Low Carbon Buildings
Programme was very popular at the start of 2007 with the allocation of money
running out in minutes on the first day of each month. The Government wants 20
per cent of UK electricity to be from green sources by 2020.

But in May, Alistair Darling, then Secretary of State for Trade and Industry,
cut the maximum grant for household renewable energy from £15,400 to £2,500.

Grants for solar PV and grants for heating were slashed by 83 per cent and those
for wind turbines halved. Solar heating water was left unchanged at £400. As a
consequence, more people are receiving small grants for solar water, but 24 per
cent fewer are getting grants for solar heating, and the number of wind grants
has fallen by 60 per cent. The total amount given to expensive solar heating
installations has fallen by 76 per cent.

Ms Willott said: "The Government claims that by 2050, 40 per cent of the UK's
electricity could be generated by micro-renewables, yet nothing is being done to
make this happen.

"Ministers watered down this successful scheme because they couldn't cope with
its overwhelming popularity. The new system has made installing micro-renewables
far too expensive for all but the richest families."

UN report, pages 22&23

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2007 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

Fiscal Court receives $1.169 million KIA loan

BYLINE: Don Wilkins, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 495 words


Dec. 19--Daviess Fiscal Court has been approved for a $1,169,634 loan by the
Kentucky Infrastructure Authority.

The loan will go toward the construction cost of the estimated $2.1 million
Friendly Park sewer expansion project.

Judge-Executive Al Mattingly said 50 percent of the loan is "forgivable."

"The median income level of Friendly Park made it forgivable," Mattingly said.
"They were around $32,000 per household income."

The 20-year loan is repayable at a 0.25 percent interest rate.

Mattingly said the plan is to combine the loan with a Community Development
Block Grant that will be applied for in March. The grant, if approved, must have
matching funds to go with it.

"The CDBG will be about the same amount of money as the KIA loan," Mattingly
said. "The KIA loan will be the matching part of the CDBG requirement."

The remaining portion of the loan, about $600,000, will be passed on to the
residents of the Friendly Park subdivision through their monthly bills for the
life of the loan. It will be combined with the monthly sewer service rate. The
billing will come from the Regional Water Resource Agency, which will be
constructing the 4-mile sewer line to the subdivision.

Approximately 93 sewer customers will be served by RWRA. The majority are the 69
in the Friendly Park subdivision, and 24 are others in a nearby mobile home
park.

Friendly Park residents currently pay $11.50 per month for their sewer service
but they're being served by a small package plant that is in disrepair. It will
be eliminated when RWRA connects to the subdivision.

Although Friendly Park's monthly bills will drastically increase, Mattingly said
the forgivable loan and CDBG make the project "much more affordable" for the
residents.

"It was extremely important that we got this," Mattingly said. "...But even as
hard as we worked to get as much as we could forgiven, it's still going to be
hard on Friendly Park and a chunk out of their pocket."

Daviess County was one of eight communities in the state to be approved for a
low-interest loan during KIA's December meeting.

According to the KIA, it administers low-interest loans for the construction,
improvement and acquisition of sanitary sewer and water facilities and other
types of infrastructure.

Interest rates are based on the median household income (mhi) in the utility's
service area as compared to Kentucky's statewide mhi of slightly more than
$42,000.

Eligibility is based on a strategic project prioritization and a resource
planning list developed between the state's area development districts, the
Kentucky Department for Local Government, the Kentucky Division of Water, the
Kentucky Rural Water Association and utilities that participate in regional
water councils.

Don Wilkins, dwilkins@messenger-inquirer.com, 691-7299, Twitter: @DonWilkinsMI

___ (c)2016 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161219-OW-Fiscal-Court-receives-1.169-million-KIA-loan-1219-20161219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2016 Messenger-Inquirer


                              503 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Corsicana Daily Sun (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 28, 2010 Sunday

USDA Rural Development office day to be held Tuesday

BYLINE: Corsicana Daily Sun, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 609 words


Mar. 28--CORSICANA -- Representatives of USDA Rural Development will be holding
a Rural Development office day for Navarro County from 10 to 11:30 a.m. Tuesday
at the Kerens Library, located at 121 S. Colket Ave., Kerens. Information will
be provided about USDA Rural Development's housing, community, and business and
cooperative programs.

USDA Rural Development works to ensure that rural residents can participate
fully in the global marketplace, by providing programs that assist rural
Americans in building strong economies and to increase economic opportunities
and improve their quality of life. Representatives will be available to answer
individual questions and assist applicants with their applications in all
program areas.

USDA Rural Development's housing programs offer loans and grants to very low to
moderate income households in towns and cities meeting certain population
requirements. Loans are primarily used to help income eligible individuals or
households purchase homes in rural areas. Funds can be used to build, repair,
and renovate a home, or to purchase and prepare sites, including providing water
and sewage facilities. For very low-income families who own homes in need of
repair, the Home Repair Loan and Grant Program offers loans and grants for
renovation. Money may be provided, for example, to repair a leaking roof; to
construct a front-door ramp for someone using a wheelchair; make repairs to
damaged or faulty wiring or to install a septic system for the home.

USDA Rural Development's community programs enhance the quality of life for
rural Texans by providing funds to governmental entities, nonprofit
organizations and Indian tribes for essential community facilities and services.
Funds may be used for a wide range of various community projects. These include,
but are not limited to, projects such as those which will enlarge, improve or
construct schools, libraries, farmers markets, medical clinics, assisted living
centers, public buildings, community centers and fund new and improved water and
wastewater facilities. Funds are also available for entities to purchase public
safety equipment such as ambulances, fire fighting equipment, and other
emergency required implements.

Entrepreneurship plays a vital role in the economic stability of rural Texas.
With USDA Rural Development's business and cooperative programs, rural
businesses can gain access to funds that normally would not be available to
them. USDA Rural Development's business and cooperative programs provide the
needed capital to expand economic opportunities and development in rural areas
throughout Texas by working with banks and community lenders. The Rural Energy
for America Program offers grants, guaranteed loans, and combination grant/
guaranteed loans to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency
improvements in rural areas.

Anyone who is interested in learning more about these or any of the programs, is
invited to come by and visit. For more information regarding USDA Rural
Development programs, contact the Hillsboro Area Office at (254) 582-7328, Ext.
4, or by visiting the Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov/tx/.

To see more of the Corsicana Daily Sun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.corsicanadailysun.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Corsicana Daily Sun,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100328-XQ-USDA-Rural-Development-office-day-to-be-held-Tuesday-0328

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XQ


                       Copyright 2010 Corsicana Daily Sun


                              504 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Corsicana Daily Sun (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 26, 2010 Friday

USDA Rural Development office day to be held Tuesday

BYLINE: Corsicana Daily Sun, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 609 words


Mar. 26--CORSICANA -- Representatives of USDA Rural Development will be holding
a Rural Development office day for Navarro County from 10 to 11:30 a.m. Tuesday
at the Kerens Library, located at 121 S. Colket Ave., Kerens. Information will
be provided about USDA Rural Development's housing, community, and business and
cooperative programs.

USDA Rural Development works to ensure that rural residents can participate
fully in the global marketplace, by providing programs that assist rural
Americans in building strong economies and to increase economic opportunities
and improve their quality of life. Representatives will be available to answer
individual questions and assist applicants with their applications in all
program areas.

USDA Rural Development's housing programs offer loans and grants to very low to
moderate income households in towns and cities meeting certain population
requirements. Loans are primarily used to help income eligible individuals or
households purchase homes in rural areas. Funds can be used to build, repair,
and renovate a home, or to purchase and prepare sites, including providing water
and sewage facilities. For very low-income families who own homes in need of
repair, the Home Repair Loan and Grant Program offers loans and grants for
renovation. Money may be provided, for example, to repair a leaking roof; to
construct a front-door ramp for someone using a wheelchair; make repairs to
damaged or faulty wiring or to install a septic system for the home.

USDA Rural Development's community programs enhance the quality of life for
rural Texans by providing funds to governmental entities, nonprofit
organizations and Indian tribes for essential community facilities and services.
Funds may be used for a wide range of various community projects. These include,
but are not limited to, projects such as those which will enlarge, improve or
construct schools, libraries, farmers markets, medical clinics, assisted living
centers, public buildings, community centers and fund new and improved water and
wastewater facilities. Funds are also available for entities to purchase public
safety equipment such as ambulances, fire fighting equipment, and other
emergency required implements.

Entrepreneurship plays a vital role in the economic stability of rural Texas.
With USDA Rural Development's business and cooperative programs, rural
businesses can gain access to funds that normally would not be available to
them. USDA Rural Development's business and cooperative programs provide the
needed capital to expand economic opportunities and development in rural areas
throughout Texas by working with banks and community lenders. The Rural Energy
for America Program offers grants, guaranteed loans, and combination grant/
guaranteed loans to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency
improvements in rural areas.

Anyone who is interested in learning more about these or any of the programs, is
invited to come by and visit. For more information regarding USDA Rural
Development programs, contact the Hillsboro Area Office at (254) 582-7328, Ext.
4, or by visiting the Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov/tx/.

To see more of the Corsicana Daily Sun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.corsicanadailysun.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Corsicana Daily Sun,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100326-XQ-USDA-Rural-Development-office-day-to-be-held-Tuesday-0326

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XQ


                       Copyright 2010 Corsicana Daily Sun


                              505 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            October 4, 2013, Friday

Utilities offer savings for low-income customers Appalachian Power, West
Virginia American Water among companies offering discounted rates

BYLINE: ANDREA LANNOM, DAILY MAIL STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 449 words


West Virginians having trouble affording their utility bills may get the help
they need through the Dollar Energy Fund's Utility Assistance Grant Program.

The fund is taking applications now for five of its six utility company partners
- Mon Power and Potomac Edison of FirstEnergy, Equitable Gas, Dominion Hope,
Mountaineer Gas and West Virginia American Water.

The grant opening period for its remaining partner, Appalachian Power, will
start Dec. 1.

According to a news release from the Dollar Energy Fund, Appalachian Power
President and Chief Operating Officer Charles Patton said the company is
delaying participation and reducing the grant award from $500 to $300 in an
effort to spread funds through the winter months.

To qualify, people have to earn below 150 percent of the poverty level and have
received a termination notice or have their utility turned off. For example, a
family of four would have to earn $35,325 to qualify for assistance.

People also have to make a sincere effort of payment of $100 in the last 90 days
or $50 for West Virginia American Water.

"It gets you on your feet, pulls you out from what's holding you down and
alleviates some of that stress," said Rachel Coffman, the fund's Appalachian
program manager.

Each household can apply once a year per utility between Oct. 1 and Sept. 30,
2014, according to the release. The maximum grant amount is $500.

"Our motto is this is a hand up not a handout. This is not a yearlong funding
for people getting in the program," Coffman said.

It's not just the winter months that people need help with their utility bills,
Coffman said.

"There's never a time it slows down," Coffman said. "Most funds come in Oct. 1
for the cooler months in the winter but whenever we do get funds to put in
summer, it's depleted just as fast as in the winter."

According to the release, the organization, which has helped more than 21,000
West Virginians since 2008, is funded by private contributions that are matched
by utility companies.

The fund usually distributes about $1.5 million each year, including the utility
match, to West Virginians, Coffman said.

Coffman said typically, the fund sees the working poor applying for assistance
and almost half are female head of household.

"We get a lot of families with medical debt," she said. "A lot have been laid
off and have never asked for funding before."

Customers can donate to the Dollar Energy Fund through their monthly utility
bill and also make direct donations at www.dollarenergyfund.org or send a check
to Box 3979, Charleston, WV 25339. Donations are tax deductible.

Contact writer Andrea Lannom at Andrea.Lannom@dailymail.com or 304-348-5148.

Follow her at www.twitter.com/AndreaLannom.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                              506 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Local business briefs

BYLINE: The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 629 words


Sept. 10--Jarden awards $5,000 grant to Crosslines Ministries

Jarden Consumer Solutions in Neosho has awarded Crosslines Ministries of Joplin
a grant for $5,000.

"For five years, Jarden has awarded grants to Crosslines totaling over $16,000.
We're fortunate that this award comes at a time when we can use it as a match
for additional funding from Wal-Mart. In effect, most of this grant will be
doubled and our purchasing power through Ozarks Food Harvest will allow us to
feed even more people," Kathy Lewis, executive director at Crosslines
Ministries, said in a statement.

Hall's Culligan buying Convenient Water

Hall's Culligan Water of Joplin recently reached an agreement to purchase
locally owned and operated Convenient Water of Pittsburg, Kansas.

Effective immediately, Convenient Water customers will convert to the Culligan
brand and receive service from Culligan of Joplin and Culligan of Independence,
Kansas.

Jerry Standlee, Convenient Water's former owner, and two key employees will
transfer to Culligan of Joplin and continue to service Convenient Water's newly
acquired customers. Jason Keller, general manager of Culligan of Joplin, said in
a statement: "Jerry and his team understand customer service and bring key
insight and knowledge to our operation. This will ensure a seamless transition
for everyone."

Throughout it's 23-year history, Convenient Water was solely a bottled water
delivery company. Now as part of Culligan, Convenient Water customers also will
have access to water treatment products including water softeners, drinking
water systems, salt delivery as well as commercial water treatment products and
applications.

Hall's Culligan Water, based in Wichita, Kansas, is one of the largest Culligan
dealers in the United States with franchise operations throughout the Midwest,
Great Lakes, Colorado, and California.

People in business

TAYLOR GRAHAM has been named as the new head livestock judging coach at
Northeastern Oklahoma A&M College in Miami, Okla. He succeeds Tyler Dewey.

Graham comes to NEO from Oklahoma State University, where he served as assistant
coach for their livestock program. In addition to his coaching responsibilities,
Graham will also teach agriculture classes, where he has extensive experience in
animal science. His official start date is Sept. 14.

He obtained his associate degree from Butler County Community College and
transferred to Oklahoma State University where he earned his bachelor's degree
in agriculture and natural science. Graham is expected to complete his master's
degree in the field of meat science in December 2015.

Graham is a three-time All American himself and co-coached: two national
champion teams at the National Western Stock Show (2014), national champion team
at the American Royal (2014), and reserve national champion team at the North
American International Livestock Expo (2014).

DAVE WOODS has been named digital media manager by Choice Marketing.

Woods is a graduate of Miami (Oklahoma) High School, attended Northeastern
Oklahoma A&M College n Miami and the University of Tulsa. He has more than 20 of
experience in marketing, radio, television, journalism and digital media. He is
a graduate of the Maynard Institute for Journalism Education's Media Academy at
Harvard University, has been awarded digital media fellowships at University
California Berkeley, University Nevada Reno and is a member of Midwest Travel
Writers Association.

Woods also is president of the American Advertising Federation-Joplin chapter, a
former member of the Carthage City Council and serves on the Ronald McDonald
House of the Four States' Public Relations Team.

___ (c)2015 The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.) Visit The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.)
at www.joplinglobe.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150910-JL-Local-business-briefs-0910-20150910

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                        Copyright 2015 The Joplin Globe


                              507 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Willits News (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 15, 2009 Friday

Recovery funds may help city sewer plant

BYLINE: Linda Williams, The Willits News, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 456 words


May 15--The City of Willits approved a resolution on Wednesday to help it
qualify an $8 million federal recovery grant and a $9 million recovery loan for
the new Willits sewer plant. The anticipated cost for the full project is $31
million.

According to City Manager Paul Cayler, the new plant is one of the top
California candidates for recovery funds before the State Water Resources
Control Board.

The actual amount of funding, if any, the city will receive is unknown, but to
qualify for any recovery funds the project construction contract must be awarded
by the February 1, 2010, deadline or all funds are lost.

To meet this contract committal date will require the city to complete the
design, obtain all construction permits, set new rates, which will pay for
construction and ongoing costs and go out for bid in time to meet the February
deadline. Nearly all of these items have regulatory delays and approvals built
into them, which could make meeting the deadline a significant challenge.

One key element is the rate setting Proposition 218 process. This requires a
rate study, which is now underway. With funding sources undetermined at this
point, including how much grant money may or may not be available Bartle and
Wells has provided a range of sewer rate projections over the next ten years.
The projections have sewer prices rising to between $796 to $935 in 2017.

Sewer prices in Willits were $336 per household in 2006 when the first rate
increase for the new plant was enacted. Rates have risen steadily and are
scheduled to be $498 per household in July 2008.

The new sewer rates are to be the main topic of the May 27 council meeting.

The city is not likely to receive word on the outcome of its recovery funding
applications before it will need to initiate the Prop. 218 rate increase
hearings and public notification process. The city must have an appropriate
repayment rate structure, approved construction drawings and specifications, as
well as all of its environmental permits to qualify for further US Department of
Agriculture funds.

The city must have a secure source of funding before it can legally go out for
construction bids. All of these constraints, combined with the slow reaction
time of most government and regulatory agencies will make meeting the February
deadline a significant challenge.

To see more of the Willits News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.willitsnews.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Willits News, Calif.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090515-JZ-Recovery-funds-may-help-city-sewer-plant-0515

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JZ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              508 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           October 15, 2011 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

FINAL COLLECTION OF YEAR NEXT SATURDAY

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; HOME & GARDEN NOTES; Pg. D-3

LENGTH: 326 words


Area residents can dispose of cleaners, automotive fluids, paints, pesticides
and other household chemicals from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. next Saturday at the Bradys
Run Park Recycling Center in Brighton, Beaver County.

A fee of $2 per gallon is charged, cash only (no checks or credit cards). The
event is the last one of the year sponsored by the Pennsylvania Resources
Council and its partners.

The following materials will be collected: aerosol cans; automotive fluids
(motor oil, transmission fluid, antifreeze, brake fluid); batteries; chemistry
sets; gasoline and kerosene; household cleaners (ammonia, drain openers, acid
cleaners, oven cleaners); mercury; paint products (latex, oil based, alkyd
based, arts/crafts chemicals, rust preservatives, creosote, water sealers, paint
thinners, furniture strippers); pesticides/herbicides (rodent killers,
insecticides, weed killers, mothballs, fertilizer); photo chemicals; and pool
chemicals.

Information: www.zerowastepgh.org or 412-488-7452.

b> HOMEGOODS TO OPEN HERE

/b>

What T.J Maxx and Marshalls did for clothes shopping HomeGoods does for
decorating. The discount home fashions chain will open its first Pittsburgh area
store on Oct. 23 in Robinson Town Centre. The doors of the 25,000-square-foot
store will open at 8 a.m. HomeGoods offers high-quality home fashions for 20-60
percent off retail pricing.

There are more than 370 stores across the country. In honor of the opening in
Pittsburgh, the company will donate $5,000 to the Jubilee Soup Kitchen.

b> PHIPPS RECEIVES GRANT

/b>

The Pennsylvania Energy Development Authority announced this week that Phipps
Conservatory will receive a $250,000 grant toward construction of its Center for
Sustainable Landscapes, a "living" building that will incorporate rainwater
harvesting, thermal heating and cooling systems and specialized water treatment.
It was one of 13 projects statewide to receive a total of $3.7 million to
develop and implement clean energy projects.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              509 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                    Clinch Valley Times (St. Paul, Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 15, 2009

West Hills sewer system will be in Regional Wastewater Treatments overall plan

BYLINE: Clinch Valley Times staff

LENGTH: 442  words


As a result of the meeting Tuesday morning among members of the coalition which
is working on a Regional Wastewater Treatment project, a decision was made to
include the installation of sewer lines to residences in West Hills Estates.
That will be part of the project which is under the direction of the Castlewood
Water & Sewage Authority. St. Paul Mayor Kyle Fletcher pointed out that
completion of the West Hills sewer system has been pending for several years,
and needs to be completed.

According to engineer Steve Breeding, who is working on the project for the
Castlewood Authority, present plans call for sewer lines to be installed to
serve 600 Castlewood households. The addition of West Hills would add
approximately 50 more.

It is anticipated that funding for the project will be provided through a Rural
Development grant/loan. Before the West Hills households were added to the
project, the cost of the project was estimated at $12 million. Breeding said
that the cost of installing the additional lines will be added to the
application to Rural Development.

Since St. Paul has already installed a pump station and force main for the
anticipated West Hills project, Breeding said that some agreement can be worked
out for a trade-value'of the work which has been done (which can be used for the
total project) applied to the West Hills cost to reduce St. Paul's obligation.

The actual Wastewater Treatment Plant, which is the centerpiece of the regional
project, was also discussed in terms of the status of funding. Engineer Mark
Hill reported that if the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) approves the
application request to it for $500,000, then the Tobacco Commission will
probably provide $250,000. The rest of the funding for the $6 million project,
Hill said, will come from Rural Development, which is in charge of allocating a
pool of federal stimulus money. He is asking for a 75 percent grant/25 percent
loan arrangement.in the application which he has already sent. Rural Development
has also received a copy of the Preliminary Engineering Report (PER), and will
be sent the

Environmenta Report (ER) as soon as it is complete. Hill said he is waiting on
several letters to complete the work on that report.

Representatives of most of the participating agencies were present for the
meeting, as well as Delegate Bud Phillips, who is a strong supporter of the
project.. The coalition includes the Town of St. Paul, Castlewood Water & Sewage
Authority, Wise County Public Service Authority, Russell County Board of
Supervisors, Wise County Board of Supervisors, Cumberland Plateau Planning
District, and LENOWISCO Planning District..

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVT

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2009 Clinch Valley Times


                              510 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Tribune (South Africa)

                               September 09, 2012
                                   E1 Edition

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1016 words


Michael Mpofu

Political Bureau

THE SANITATION crisis has escalated to President Jacob Zuma's doorstep.

More than a quarter of households across the country have to live with toilets
that stop working soon after they are installed and 11 percent of households -
almost 1,4 million - lack any basic sanitation facilities at all.

This is according to a national study carried out by the Department of
Performance, Monitoring and Evaluation.

The cabinet lekgotla this week decided that seeing to the country's long-term
water and sanitation needs would now become a strategic integrated project,
along with the 17 other major projects that make up the multi-billion rand
infrastructure build programme announced by Zuma in his state of the nation
address in February.

Ahmed Vawda from the Department of Performance Monitoring and Evaluation in the
Presidency on Wednesday briefed Parliament's oversight committee on human
settlements on the alarming state of sanitation across the country.

Vawda told MPs that although the sanitation backlog had been reduced from 52
percent in 1994 to 21 percent in 2010 there had been a "reversal, in terms of
adequacy". He said the goal of achieving universal access to sanitation by 2014
was at risk.

The department conducted its investigation into the state of sanitation at the
request of the SA Human Rights Commission. It found that in 26 percent of
households in urban settlements where facilities had recently been fitted, they
were already falling apart due to "a lack of technical capacity to ensure
effective operation, timely maintenance, refurbishment and upgrading".

"Approximately 11 percent of households [both formal and informal] still have to
be provided with sanitation services.

"These households have never had a government-supported sanitation
intervention," Vawda told MPs.

Municipalities were struggling to provide adequate facilities mainly because
they spent only 30 percent of their sanitation budgets last year, and the money
was often used on other, unrelated, projects, said Vawda.

Almost three million households were in crisis, as some had no water facilities
to allow for sanitation to function effectively while others had no systems at
all.

Vawda said an amount of R90.8 billion was projected to be available, but only
R50bn was required to solve the problem. However, the problem was that funds
were being used for other purposes, he said.

"Spend the money where it's supposed to go and we will solve the problem," he
said.

The chairwoman of the human settlements committee, Beauty Dambuza (CORR) echoed
Vawda's sentiment on Friday, saying for extra funding was not necessary.

"We don't think there's a need for an increase in budget," she said. This was
because funds were not being used or were being used incorrectly, said Dambuza.

She said if all the conditional grants allocated to sanitation infrastructure -
from various departments involved such as the Department of Water Affairs - were
actually made available this would solve the problem.

Responsibility for sanitation was handed to the Department of Human Settlements
in 2009 when its name was changed from the department of housing and its mandate
broadened to include provision of sanitation, which was previously handled by
the Department of Water Affairs.

The committee felt there should be "integrated planning" between human
settlements and water affairs because while sanitation had been transferred to
human settlements by Zuma, water affairs still shared some of the responsibility
legally.

The failure to completely transfer responsibility to human settlements meant
"the function of providing facilities was transferred but funds are
notâ[#x20ac]¦ and legislation has also not been reviewed", Dambuza said.

This meant that although funding was available for sanitation programmes, the
department relied on other sources of incomes, which were mostly conditional
grants.

"We fully agree that there is an issue, we know this because we have been there
[and] we can't believe it," Dambuza told Independent Newspapers on Friday.

Briefing journalists on Friday on the outcomes of the cabinet lekgotla Minister
in the Presidency Collins Chabane (CORR) said making water and sanitation a
strategic project coordinated from the Presidency would ensure the necessary
co-ordination took place.

Municipality IQ spokeswoman Karen Heese (CORR) told Independent Newspapers the
lack of water, which was needed for sanitation, added to the great discomfort of
people across municipalities and often led to protests.

Asked whether government had managed to successfully intervene in situations of
poor sanitation, Hesse said it had been "one of the more difficult areas to roll
out in terms of the technology and infrastructure required".

"I have no problem with the use of agents do to this, but I think making
provision for more such agents is warranted.

"Unfortunately I think there are a number of municipalities that still think the
bucket system is acceptable as an end goal," she added.

DA spokesman on human settlements Stevens Mokgalapa (CORR) has called on Human
Settlements Minister Tokyo Sexwale to stop "ducking behind task teams and
commissions". He accused him of not "actively doing anything to address the
sanitation backlogs".

"On two occasions, he disappointed the human settlements committee by failing to
present the National Sanitation Report, which was due in January of this year,"
Mokgalapa said.

"It is time for the Minister to take a bold step and tell us what he is going to
do to address the sanitation problem in this country. "We have had enough
reports, diagnoses and commissions. We now need solutions," Mokgalapa said.

Dambuza said the task team appointed by Sexwale to asses the state of
sanitation, headed up by ANC MP Winnie Mandela (CORR), who has been absent from
Parliament for several months - would present its findings to Parliament on
Wednesday.

Based on the team's findings, the committee would make recommendations to
Sexwale as the responsibility to implement rested with his department.

"Human settlements is the leading department, it must lead," said Dambuza.

[ENDS]

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           January 7, 1997, Tuesday,

WALDOBORO GETS FUNDS TO BUILD SEWAGE PLANT;
 THE CURRENT PLANT DISCHARGES WASTE INTO THE MEDOMAK RIVER, KEEPING PRIME
CLAMMING AREAS CLOSED.

BYLINE: Susan Rayfield Staff Writer

SECTION: COAST & STATE, Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 421 words

DATELINE: WALDOBORO


The Waldoboro Utility District will receive $ 5.2 million in grants and a loan
to build a wastewater treatment plant inland from the Medomak River, opening
more flats to shellfish harvesting.

''We're elated,'' said Superintendent John Fancy. ''This is the culmination of
several years of planning. One of our major goals, to improve the quality of the
water, will be fulfilled.''

Before the project goes through, legislators must authorize a change in the
town's charter to raise its debt limit. Residents will vote on the new plant in
June.

The current plant, built in 1968, discharges 120,000 gallons of treated
wastewater a day into the river. The new facility, a lagoon-type plant scheduled
to go on line by the end of 1999, will spray treated wastewater on 50 acres of
land instead.

A $ 3.2 million grant, available through the Department of Environmental
Protection, is coming from an $ 8 million wastewater treatment bond approved by
voters last November. Waldoboro's portion is high because its median household
income, $ 17,083 per year, is so low, according to DEP engineer Dennis
Purington.

''We try to keep what sewer users pay at 2 percent of the median household
income,'' he said.

Another $ 1 million grant, plus a $ 1 million loan, is coming from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Rural Development program (formerly the Farmers Home
Administration) in Bangor.

According to Fancy, there is no town tax money involved in the project, and only
those who are hooked up to the public sewer, about 2,000 households, will pay
for it. Sewer user fees, averaging $ 330 per year, will not go up because of the
project, he said.

The Medomak River, which runs from upper Waldoboro to Friendship before emptying
into Muscongus Bay, is considered one of the best clamming areas in Maine. In
1996, 248 seasonal and part-time licenses were issued, with an annual harvest
valued at up to $ 2 million, according to Waldoboro Town Manager Lee Smith.

In recent years, towns along the Medomak have made progress improving the water
quality by upgrading septic systems and eliminating licensed discharges. Today,
the only permanently closed portion extends from the treatment plant downriver
for two to three miles. ''It will be good to get the plant out of the river and
into a different location,'' said Smith.

Dirigo Engineering of Waterville will design the new plant, at a cost of $
165,000. The two pump stations, pressurized main pipe and 25-acre lagoon will
run an estimated $ 3.8 million.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1997 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              512 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Times (South Africa)

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

One big soup kitchen

BYLINE: Denise Williams; Tj Strydom

SECTION: HUMAN INTEREST

LENGTH: 736 words


More than 40% of households depend solely on social grants
 Nearly 36c ofevery R1 of personal income tax is spent on social assistance,
which has doubled from 12.7% in 2002 to 29.6% last year
 One big soup kitchen
 DENISE WILLIAMS
 FOUR out of 10 South African households rely on social grants as their only
source of income.


 This is one of the grim findings of the latest General Household Survey,
released by Statistics SA in Pretoria yesterday.
 The percentage of South Africans dependent on grants more than doubled in 10
years, from 12.7% in 2002 to 29.6% last year.
 While the government's social welfare strategy is often praised for shielding
poor families from poverty, the increasing reliance on social grants is
considered one of the threats in an economy that is growing at a dangerously
slow pace.
 The deputy director-general of population and statistics at Stats SA, Kefiloe
Masiteng, warned that this trend could not be sustained.
 "If we are talking about 44% of households who are today dependent on social
grants, if we are going to have that number increase it is not going to be
sustainable [financially] ... for the country," she said.
 Economist Chris Hart said the social grant system was effectively South
Africa's soup kitchen "where we are trying to make soup with fewer and fewer
soup makers and we are not looking at ways to get people out of the queue and
make their own soup".
 Nearly 36c of every R1 of personal income tax is spent on social assistance,
the Budget revealed this year.
 Personal income tax accounts for 34% of government revenue. For this fiscal
year the Treasury expects to collect R335.1-billion from individual taxpayers.
  It plans to dole out R120-billion in social grants, according to Finance
Minister Pravin Gordhan's Budget speech.
 Stats SA's General Household Survey measures living conditions and quality of
service delivery. It covers six broad areas: education, health, welfare,
housing, access to services and facilities, and food security.
 The survey showed that Limpopo and the Eastern Cape had the highest
concentration of households dependent on social grants. By contrast, more than
75% of homes in the relatively well-off Western Cape and Gauteng were funded by
salaries.
 On education, Masiteng said despite school attendance increasing across the
country, corporal punishment, which was outlawed in 1996, was still being
practised.
 According to the survey, physical abuse of pupils was most prevalent in the
Eastern Cape, having risen from 25% in 2009 to 30% in 2012.
  An increase in school beatings was also recorded in KwaZulu-Natal, Mpumalanga
and Free State.
 When it came to service delivery the Eastern Cape, previously considered the
"worst" province statistically, showed the greatest comparative improvement,
doing better in areas including the school feeding programme and adult literacy.

 The number of people living in shacks in the province decreased.
 But services nevertheless remained a bugbear, with 18% of households in RDP
homes in the Eastern Cape complaining that the walls were weak and 22% saying
they were worried about the structural quality of their roofs.
 While access to piped or tap water improved, with 79% percent of households
benefiting, this was significantly below the national average of 91%.
 Masiteng said though more people had access to taps, there had been a steady
decline in the levels of satisfaction with water quality.
  About 12% of households across the country said it "did not taste good and was
not so clear".
 Other national figures included:
 oAlmost 70% of households went to public clinics and hospitals;
 oThe percentage of disabled people over the age of four declined from 5.6% in
2009 to 5% in 2012;
 oThe number of homes with electricity increased from 77% in 2002 to 85% last
year;
 oThe percentage of households with no toilets or bucket toilets decreased from
12% in 2002 to 5% in 2012;
 oSome 6.3% of households did not have a cellphone or landline. But the figures
of homes without phones were higher in the Eastern Cape (12.4%) and Northern
Cape (17.3%);
 oIn 40.6% of households at least one person had access to the internet either
where they lived, worked or studied; and
 oLess than a quarter of households were involved in some form of farming, but
only about 6% farmed in order to generate income.
 The survey was based on responses from 25330 households. - Additional reporting
by TJ Strydom

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Times


                         Copyright 2013 AVUSA Media LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Times (South Africa)

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

One big soup kitchen

BYLINE: Denise Williams; Tj Strydom

SECTION: HUMAN INTEREST

LENGTH: 736 words


More than 40% of households depend solely on social grants
 Nearly 36c ofevery R1 of personal income tax is spent on social assistance,
which has doubled from 12.7% in 2002 to 29.6% last year
 One big soup kitchen
 DENISE WILLIAMS
 FOUR out of 10 South African households rely on social grants as their only
source of income.


 This is one of the grim findings of the latest General Household Survey,
released by Statistics SA in Pretoria yesterday.
 The percentage of South Africans dependent on grants more than doubled in 10
years, from 12.7% in 2002 to 29.6% last year.
 While the government's social welfare strategy is often praised for shielding
poor families from poverty, the increasing reliance on social grants is
considered one of the threats in an economy that is growing at a dangerously
slow pace.
 The deputy director-general of population and statistics at Stats SA, Kefiloe
Masiteng, warned that this trend could not be sustained.
 "If we are talking about 44% of households who are today dependent on social
grants, if we are going to have that number increase it is not going to be
sustainable [financially] ... for the country," she said.
 Economist Chris Hart said the social grant system was effectively South
Africa's soup kitchen "where we are trying to make soup with fewer and fewer
soup makers and we are not looking at ways to get people out of the queue and
make their own soup".
 Nearly 36c of every R1 of personal income tax is spent on social assistance,
the Budget revealed this year.
 Personal income tax accounts for 34% of government revenue. For this fiscal
year the Treasury expects to collect R335.1-billion from individual taxpayers.
  It plans to dole out R120-billion in social grants, according to Finance
Minister Pravin Gordhan's Budget speech.
 Stats SA's General Household Survey measures living conditions and quality of
service delivery. It covers six broad areas: education, health, welfare,
housing, access to services and facilities, and food security.
 The survey showed that Limpopo and the Eastern Cape had the highest
concentration of households dependent on social grants. By contrast, more than
75% of homes in the relatively well-off Western Cape and Gauteng were funded by
salaries.
 On education, Masiteng said despite school attendance increasing across the
country, corporal punishment, which was outlawed in 1996, was still being
practised.
 According to the survey, physical abuse of pupils was most prevalent in the
Eastern Cape, having risen from 25% in 2009 to 30% in 2012.
  An increase in school beatings was also recorded in KwaZulu-Natal, Mpumalanga
and Free State.
 When it came to service delivery the Eastern Cape, previously considered the
"worst" province statistically, showed the greatest comparative improvement,
doing better in areas including the school feeding programme and adult literacy.

 The number of people living in shacks in the province decreased.
 But services nevertheless remained a bugbear, with 18% of households in RDP
homes in the Eastern Cape complaining that the walls were weak and 22% saying
they were worried about the structural quality of their roofs.
 While access to piped or tap water improved, with 79% percent of households
benefiting, this was significantly below the national average of 91%.
 Masiteng said though more people had access to taps, there had been a steady
decline in the levels of satisfaction with water quality.
  About 12% of households across the country said it "did not taste good and was
not so clear".
 Other national figures included:
 oAlmost 70% of households went to public clinics and hospitals;
 oThe percentage of disabled people over the age of four declined from 5.6% in
2009 to 5% in 2012;
 oThe number of homes with electricity increased from 77% in 2002 to 85% last
year;
 oThe percentage of households with no toilets or bucket toilets decreased from
12% in 2002 to 5% in 2012;
 oSome 6.3% of households did not have a cellphone or landline. But the figures
of homes without phones were higher in the Eastern Cape (12.4%) and Northern
Cape (17.3%);
 oIn 40.6% of households at least one person had access to the internet either
where they lived, worked or studied; and
 oLess than a quarter of households were involved in some form of farming, but
only about 6% farmed in order to generate income.
 The survey was based on responses from 25330 households. - Additional reporting
by TJ Strydom

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Times


                         Copyright 2013 AVUSA Media LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Times (South Africa)

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

One big soup kitchen

BYLINE: Denise Williams; Tj Strydom

SECTION: HUMAN INTEREST

LENGTH: 736 words


More than 40% of households depend solely on social grants
 Nearly 36c ofevery R1 of personal income tax is spent on social assistance,
which has doubled from 12.7% in 2002 to 29.6% last year
 One big soup kitchen
 DENISE WILLIAMS
 FOUR out of 10 South African households rely on social grants as their only
source of income.


 This is one of the grim findings of the latest General Household Survey,
released by Statistics SA in Pretoria yesterday.
 The percentage of South Africans dependent on grants more than doubled in 10
years, from 12.7% in 2002 to 29.6% last year.
 While the government's social welfare strategy is often praised for shielding
poor families from poverty, the increasing reliance on social grants is
considered one of the threats in an economy that is growing at a dangerously
slow pace.
 The deputy director-general of population and statistics at Stats SA, Kefiloe
Masiteng, warned that this trend could not be sustained.
 "If we are talking about 44% of households who are today dependent on social
grants, if we are going to have that number increase it is not going to be
sustainable [financially] ... for the country," she said.
 Economist Chris Hart said the social grant system was effectively South
Africa's soup kitchen "where we are trying to make soup with fewer and fewer
soup makers and we are not looking at ways to get people out of the queue and
make their own soup".
 Nearly 36c of every R1 of personal income tax is spent on social assistance,
the Budget revealed this year.
 Personal income tax accounts for 34% of government revenue. For this fiscal
year the Treasury expects to collect R335.1-billion from individual taxpayers.
  It plans to dole out R120-billion in social grants, according to Finance
Minister Pravin Gordhan's Budget speech.
 Stats SA's General Household Survey measures living conditions and quality of
service delivery. It covers six broad areas: education, health, welfare,
housing, access to services and facilities, and food security.
 The survey showed that Limpopo and the Eastern Cape had the highest
concentration of households dependent on social grants. By contrast, more than
75% of homes in the relatively well-off Western Cape and Gauteng were funded by
salaries.
 On education, Masiteng said despite school attendance increasing across the
country, corporal punishment, which was outlawed in 1996, was still being
practised.
 According to the survey, physical abuse of pupils was most prevalent in the
Eastern Cape, having risen from 25% in 2009 to 30% in 2012.
  An increase in school beatings was also recorded in KwaZulu-Natal, Mpumalanga
and Free State.
 When it came to service delivery the Eastern Cape, previously considered the
"worst" province statistically, showed the greatest comparative improvement,
doing better in areas including the school feeding programme and adult literacy.

 The number of people living in shacks in the province decreased.
 But services nevertheless remained a bugbear, with 18% of households in RDP
homes in the Eastern Cape complaining that the walls were weak and 22% saying
they were worried about the structural quality of their roofs.
 While access to piped or tap water improved, with 79% percent of households
benefiting, this was significantly below the national average of 91%.
 Masiteng said though more people had access to taps, there had been a steady
decline in the levels of satisfaction with water quality.
  About 12% of households across the country said it "did not taste good and was
not so clear".
 Other national figures included:
 oAlmost 70% of households went to public clinics and hospitals;
 oThe percentage of disabled people over the age of four declined from 5.6% in
2009 to 5% in 2012;
 oThe number of homes with electricity increased from 77% in 2002 to 85% last
year;
 oThe percentage of households with no toilets or bucket toilets decreased from
12% in 2002 to 5% in 2012;
 oSome 6.3% of households did not have a cellphone or landline. But the figures
of homes without phones were higher in the Eastern Cape (12.4%) and Northern
Cape (17.3%);
 oIn 40.6% of households at least one person had access to the internet either
where they lived, worked or studied; and
 oLess than a quarter of households were involved in some form of farming, but
only about 6% farmed in order to generate income.
 The survey was based on responses from 25330 households. - Additional reporting
by TJ Strydom

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Times


                         Copyright 2013 AVUSA Media LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Standard

                                 April 17, 2015

Water chief retires

BYLINE: PETER COLLINS

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 714  words


WARRNAMBOOL'S flagging central business district could be revived by encouraging
more people to live there, retiring Wannon Water boss Grant Green has suggested.

Just as Melbourne had gone through a transformation with a proliferation of
inner city residential developments boosting the population, he believes
Warrnambool could experience the same revival.

'There's been debate on the CBD renewal proposals ' Melbourne went through the
same thing, now it's bright and vibrant with more people living in the city
centre,' he said.

'I'd like to hope our council can look at increasing the population density of
the CBD rather than continue to sprawl into rural land.

'It would help kick-start the centre.

'If we want more employment in the region, then cities like Warrnambool need to
grow.'

After July 17 he will no longer be at the helm of western Victoria's water
corporation ' he'll be just a normal customer drinking the results of his work
and enjoying more time to pursue his passion for surfing, golfing and travel.

Mr Green has been in the industry 41 years and the managing director of Wannon
Water since its formation 10 years ago with the merger of three district water
bodies.

He's seen a transformation in customer appreciation of water with household
consumption and waste dropping dramatically.

Ten years ago, Wannon Water's household customers used 270,000 litres a year '
now it's down to 150,000.

It's also become a huge industry in itself with Wannon Water last financial year
posting a $70 million turnover with 42,500 customers ' 36,000 of them being
householders.

Ninety of the corporation's 200 staff work in its $10m Warrnambool headquarters
managing a vast district covering 24,500-square-kilometres stretching from
Portland, Casterton to Lismore and Port Campbell.

When Mr Green began his working career with the former Melbourne Metropolitan
Board of Works, 8500 employees covered diverse portfolios including town
planning, constructing the South Eastern Freeway as well as water supply
networks.

Now water management is a speciality in its own right under tight government
scrutiny.

'I was fortunate when I came to Wannon Water we could build a new corporation
from the ground up following the mergers,' he recalled.

'It was a unique opportunity and we achieved a cohesive organisation in quick
time.

'By June this year, Wannon Water will have completed $250m worth of new capital
works.

'It doesn't matter if you live in Casterton or Port Campbell, you get the same
level of service and the same response time.

'We have been able to adapt to the challenges of growth in Warrnambool and
despite the expansion, we take less water from the Gellibrand than we did 10
years ago.

'It's an industry where you get satisfaction from good outcomes and new
technology.

'At Wannon Water we've been able to achieve 5.9 per cent reduction in prices
through to 2018.'

He cites rooftop rainwater harvesting, brine treatment and using goldfish to
consume sewerage sludge as unique highlights.

The rainwater project remains the first in Victoria and collects more for the
supply system than what the households involved use.

A brine receival depot in Warrnambool which takes waste from mineral sands
mining operations is generating $1m a year and the goldfish trial project is
likely to be rolled out at other sites.

He predicts the south-west will become an economic powerhouse because of its
stable climate and water security.

'The future is bright and manufacturers are wanting to establish new plants in
dairying,' he said.

'They are queueing up to come here because of the climate, good rainfall and
water supply.

'But there needs to be a broad vision that everyone can get behind.'

Chairman John Vogels described Mr Green's contribution to the authority and
water industry as outstanding.

'Grant has led Wannon Water since it was formed in 2005 following the merger of
three local water authorities,' Mr Vogels said.

'His career in the Victorian water industry has included executive roles at
Melbourne Water and Barwon Water.

'Grant will leave the corporation in excellent financial health as a result of
operational efficiencies delivered under his leadership.

'Customers will benefit from this by way of real price reductions and a $70
annual rebate for residential customers through to 2018.'

LOAD-DATE: October 02, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

#OKC Boxscore

BYLINE: By William Crum

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 723 words


#OKC BoxscoreFire stations Condition study set;

grant to fund safety effortThe Oklahoma City Council has agreed to spend up to
$225,000 to study the condition of the city's fire stations. The study is to
assess the cost of bringing stations up to current building codes and National
Fire Protection Association standards. Addressing the condition of fire stations
is one of the department's top three budget priorities this year.Worth noting:
Oklahoma State University-Oklahoma City plans to use a $65,000 federal grant to
install smoke alarms and fire extinguishers specifically designed for kitchen
use in neighborhood homes around the university. Students in the municipal fire
protection and EMS associate's degree programs will host community fire safety
and prevention seminars geared toward high-risk, low-income residents.OKC
Demographic snapshot:

Ward 8 leads all in incomeNorthwest Oklahoma City's Ward 8 is by far the city's
most prosperous ward. The city keeps demographic data on each of the city's
eight wards, documenting household income, household size, race and ethnicity,
and other characteristics of the population. Current data is based primarily on
the 2010 U.S. Census. Ward 8's median household income of $74,744 is 33.2
percent higher than the median household income of $56,118 in Ward 5, the next
most prosperous ward, in southwest Oklahoma City. Ward 8 Councilman Pat Ryan is
retiring after 10 years on the city council. Attorney Mark Stonecipher has
announced plans to run for the seat in the March 2015 election.Worth
considering: Each ward has between 70,000 and 80,000 residents; Ward 8 has
71,171 and an average household size of 2.32 people.On the money trailâ?¢
$24,776,650: Amount Oklahoma City will seek in federal disaster recovery funds,
primarily to upgrade electrical systems at the Draper Water Treatment Plant.
Power to the plant was disrupted for almost 24 hours by the May 20, 2013,
tornado.â?¢ $16,536.32: Legal fees paid through the end of September by Oklahoma
City for the outside attorney who handles labor negotiations with police and
fire unions. Tony Puckett of McAfee &amp; Taft charges $230 per hour.â?¢
$30,000: Oklahoma City's annual lease payment to the Central Oklahoma
Transportation and Parking Authority for street-level space in the new Arts
District Parking Garage, where an employee health clinic is expected to open in
January.They said it"The success of this clinic depends on utilization."- Dianna
Berry, Oklahoma City personnel director, discussing with the city council plans
for an employee health clinic. Berry said the key to cost savings is getting as
many employees as possible to use the clinic when medical needs arise.Vote
continues in world's best mayor campaignThe City Mayors Foundation awards the
World Mayor Prize every two years. Vote for OKC Mayor Mick Cornett by submitting
a brief written testimonial at oklahoma@worldmayor.com Cornett is one of four
North American finalists. Go online to www.worldmayor.com for details.Friday is
official trick-or-treat nightThe city council officially declared Friday
trick-or-treat night in Oklahoma City. Emphasizing safety, city leaders asked
residents who want to give out candy to turn on their porch lights;
trick-or-treaters are being asked to go only to houses with the lights
on.Halloween-themed events for children continue throughout this week in
Oklahoma City:â?¢ Pumpkinville continues daily through Friday at Myriad
Botanical Gardens, across the street from Devon Tower in downtown Oklahoma City.
Cost for children is $5, adults are $3.â?¢ "Haunted Hikes" for ages 6 and up
leave every half-hour starting at 7 p.m. Saturday from the visitors center at
Martin Park Nature Center, 5000 W Memorial Road. Register online at
www.okc.gov/active or call 297-1429. Cost is $5.Tweet of the week"Filmed all
summer w/@HBO to make this! "The Offseason" trailer"- @KDTrey5, Thunder forward
Kevin Durant. Watch at http://itsh.bo/1sUcXuw.It's a factOklahoma City says its
attorneys currently have 27 active property condemnation cases in
court.Present/absentThe mayor and all eight city council members attended the
Oct. 21 meeting.Looking aheadThe city council meets at 8:30 a.m. Nov. 4 at City
Hall, 200 N Walker Ave.William Crum, Staff Writerwcrum@opubco.comTwitter:
@williamcrumblog: www.newsok.com/blogs/civic-affairs


LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 20, 2015 Friday

Washington: Senators Collins, King Announce Grant Awards for Water and Waste
Infrastructure Improvements

LENGTH: 245 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Susan Collins has issued the following
news release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Susan Collins, and Angus King announced more than $2.7
million in grant funding from the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Water and Waste Disposal grant program for the communities of Brewer, Oxford,
and Wilton.





           Brewer will receive a $400,000 grant along with a $1,500,000 loan for
sewer system improvements. Oxford will receive a $999,000 grant and a $3,601,000
loan for its new waste water treatment facility and collection system. Wilton
will receive a $1,350,000 grant and a $2,750,000 loan for wastewater treatment
facility sewer upgrades.



           &ldquo;These important investments will help enable these communities
to make critical upgrades and repairs to their water and wastewater systems,
&rdquo; Senators Collins and King in a statement. &ldquo;This restoration will
help rural Maine communities extend and improve water and waste treatment
facilities that serve local households and businesses.&rdquo;



           The Water and Waste Disposal grant program aims to help rural
communities establish best practices that can save tax dollars, improve the
natural environment, and help manufacturers and businesses to establish or
expand operations. This year, the USDA awarded $299 million for 88 projects
nationwide.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              518 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 20, 2015 Friday

Washington: Senators Collins, King Announce Grant Awards for Water and Waste
Infrastructure Improvements

LENGTH: 245 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Susan Collins has issued the following
news release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Susan Collins, and Angus King announced more than $2.7
million in grant funding from the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Water and Waste Disposal grant program for the communities of Brewer, Oxford,
and Wilton.





           Brewer will receive a $400,000 grant along with a $1,500,000 loan for
sewer system improvements. Oxford will receive a $999,000 grant and a $3,601,000
loan for its new waste water treatment facility and collection system. Wilton
will receive a $1,350,000 grant and a $2,750,000 loan for wastewater treatment
facility sewer upgrades.



           &ldquo;These important investments will help enable these communities
to make critical upgrades and repairs to their water and wastewater systems,
&rdquo; Senators Collins and King in a statement. &ldquo;This restoration will
help rural Maine communities extend and improve water and waste treatment
facilities that serve local households and businesses.&rdquo;



           The Water and Waste Disposal grant program aims to help rural
communities establish best practices that can save tax dollars, improve the
natural environment, and help manufacturers and businesses to establish or
expand operations. This year, the USDA awarded $299 million for 88 projects
nationwide.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         Drogheda Independent (Ireland)

                                 March 6, 2013
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Grant for septic tanks owners now available;
letters to The Editor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 245 words


Dear Sir, Having campaigned for a fair deal for septic tank owners in Co. Louth,
I wish to inform people that a grant of up to (EURO)4,000 towards upgrading is
now available.

I''m not surprised that so few septic tank owners registered. It''s all down to
the manner in which it was introduced by this Government. I have always been
opposed to the (EURO)50 charge as it''s another form of taxation, but I welcome
the grants towards remediation and upgrading.

There are about 12,000 septic tanks in Co. Louth, although only approximately
2,000 of those have registered so far. I held meetings across Co. Louth last
year and there was huge opposition to the charge. It''s hard on those whose
septic tanks are up to standard.

Grants of up to (EURO)4,000 are available to assist households whose septic
tanks and other domestic water treatment systems require remediation or
upgrading following inspections.

For households with income of up to (EURO)50,000 the maximum grant available
will be (EURO)4,000 or 80% of the cost. For households with income between
(EURO)50,000 and (EURO)75,000 the maximum grant will be (EURO)2,500 or 50% of
the cost.

A strict condition of eligibility is that the householder had registered the
system by the prescribed date of February 1, 2013. Grants are only available
where systems had been inspected by local authorities and had been found to be
in need of remediation. Inspections are expected to get under way next year.

Yours, Cllr Frank Godfrey

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHI


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 28, 1993 Monday

TORONTO LIVE   Households still without gas

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 147 words


COMPILED BY DONALD GRANT
Consumers' Gas Co. hopes to restore service by tomorrow to the last of
5,200 households cut off by a flooded gas main almost a week ago. More
than 200 Consumers' employees, working around the clock since Tuesday,
have restored service to 3,000 customers in a band across North Toronto,
from Bathurst Street to Bayview Avenue, between Fairlawn Avenue and
Blythwood Road, Consumers' general manager Lloyd Chiotti said yesterday.

The remaining 2,200 households have been without gas since a high-
pressure water main broke on Tuesday, damaging an East York gas main and
letting water into gas lines. "There was literally tens of thousands of
gallons of water in our system," Mr. Chiotti said. Some homeowners had
water come through gas appliances into their homes. Consumers' employees
have been pumping the water out of the system and inspecting each
householder's appliances.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1993 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                  The Clinch County News (Homerville, Georgia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 23, 2013

Water well and transportation programs available

BYLINE: The Clinch County News staff

LENGTH: 230  words


Two programs are being offered through the Seven Rivers RC&D that would benefit
Clinch County citizens.

The Household Water Well program is made possible through a federal grant that
allows Seven Rivers to make loans to clients who meet federal income guidelines.
Seven Rivers loans citizens the money to get a new well or repair an existing
well at 1 percent interest for up to 10 years.

There are 49 clients currently participating in the program in the Seven Rivers
district, but none in Clinch County.

The Wheels to Work program provides transportation to work for low-income
clients through Seven Rivers. The program purchases and finances the vehicles at
0 percent interest with low monthly payments. To qualify for the program, a
person can't have a criminal record for the last seven years, or any traffic
violations for the last three years, and must have a job. GPS and "On-Time" are
installed on the vehicles. GPS helps locate the vehicle. The "On-Time" system
ensures payments are made on time. If not, the system shuts down the vehicle and
it won't start until payment is made.

There are 24 active participants in the program in the Seven Rivers district,
but none from Clinch County.

If interested in participating in the Household Water Well or Wheels to Work
program, contact Clinch County Commissioner Nan Mikell through the Clinch County
Commission office at 912-487-2667.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCH

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 The Clinch County News


                              522 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            November 27, 2016 Sunday

UK Intellectual Property Office grants trade mark "ELECTRICAL-ELEMENTS.CO.UK" to
Crimson Bear Ltd

LENGTH: 654 words

DATELINE: New York



 London:  Crimson Bear Ltd, has been granted trademark (UK00003196053) titled as
"ELECTRICAL-ELEMENTS.CO.UK" from the UK Intellectual Property Office.



  Status: Registered



 Class/es:    Class 11

     Air heaters;Air heating apparatus;Air heating installations;Air
humidifiers;Air humidifiers [water containers for central heating radiators];Air
humidifying apparatus;Air-conditioning apparatus;Apparatus for
heating;Appliances for heating;Automatic temperature regulators for central
heating radiators;Automatic temperature regulators [valves] for central heating
radiators;Bathroom heaters;Central heating apparatus;Central heating
boilers;Central heating installations;Central heating radiators;Control devices
[thermostatic valves] for heating installations;Control units [thermostatic
valves] for heating installations;Control valves (Thermostatic -) for central
heating radiators;Convector heaters;Convectors [radiators];Domestic
boilers;Domestic radiators;Electric boilers;Electric central heating boiler
systems;Electric clothes dryers [heat drying];Electric clothes drying machines
for household purposes;Electric clothes drying machines for household
use;Electric dryers for laundry use [heat drying];Electric drying apparatus for
household purposes;Electric heaters;Electric heating apparatus;Electric heating
elements;Electric heating filaments;Electric heating installations;Electric hot-
water bottles;Electric humidifiers;Electric humidifiers for household
use;Electric immersion heaters;Electric kettles;Electric kettles [for household
purposes];Electric radiant heaters [for household purposes];Electric radiant
heaters for household use;Electric radiant heating apparatus;Electric
radiators;Electric radiators for heating buildings;Electric radiators [not for
motors and engines];Electric space heaters;Electric space heating apparatus for
household use;Electric towel warmers;Electric water heaters;Electrical
boilers;Electrical heating elements;Electrical heating elements in the form of
cables;Electrical heating elements in the form of foil;Electrical
radiators;Electrical storage heaters;Electrically controlled water
faucets;Electrically heated hot water tanks;Electrically heated
radiators;Electrically heated towel rails;Electrically-operated machines used in
drying;Elements (Heating -);Heated towel drying rails;Heated towel
rails;Heaters;Heaters for bath water;Heaters for baths;Heaters (Immersion
-);Heating apparatus;Heating apparatus and installations;Heating apparatus,
electric;Heating boilers;Heating cartridges;Heating elements;Heating filaments,
electric;Heating installations;Heating installations for fluids;Heating
installations (Hot water -);Heating installations [water];Heating rods;Heating
units;Heating, ventilating, and air conditioning and purification equipment
(ambient);Hot water apparatus;Hot water boilers;Hot water heaters;Hot water
heating apparatus;Hot water heating installations;Hot water
installations;Installations for heating;Laundry dryers, electric;Laundry drying
machines;Mobile drying apparatus [heat drying];Mobile heating apparatus;Portable
electric heaters;Radiator heaters;Radiator valves;Radiator valves
[thermostatic];Radiators;Radiators, electric;Radiators for central heating
installations;Radiators for central heating systems;Radiators
[heating];Sectional radiators;Thermal radiators for the heating of
buildings;Valves as part of radiators;Valves [plumbing fittings];Valves
(Thermostatic -) [parts of heating installations];Water heaters;Water heaters
and boilers;Water heaters [apparatus];Water heaters for household use;Water
heaters for shower baths;Water heaters for showers;Water heating installations;
Water immersion heaters.





 Filing Date:  10 November 2016



 Date of registration: 25 November 2016



 Representative name:  N/A



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Clinton Herald (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 7, 2008 Thursday

Welton residents want to see the city's books

BYLINE: Mary Lou Hinrichsen, Clinton Herald, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 948 words


Aug. 7--WELTON -- Welton residents who had signed a petition demanding an audit
of the city's books received a shock Tuesday night when they learned such a
study could cost $6,000 to $12,000.

Mayor Janet Huffman said that when she received notice the petition had been
received at the state auditor's office, she contacted some local certified
public accountants about the cost.

"According to several estimates," she said, "it would cost between $6,000 and
$12,000."

In answer to a gasp from the audience about raising taxes, Huffman replied that
the money would come from the city's general fund: "Which means we will not be
able to use the general fund for anything else."

The city's attorney, Mark Lawson of Maquoketa, observed, "To be honest with you,
after 30 years (in business) I've never seen a town the size of Welton asked for
an audit, except where someone had been fired."

The petition had 30 signatures, although four of them were not valid because the
people were not taxpayers in the city. One other signature also was eliminated,
leaving 25 valid signatures.

"In a town the size of Welton, it really doesn't take very many," Lawson said.
"It's really rather unique."

According to law, a petition for an audit in a small town must be signed by at
least 15 percent of the number of (property) taxpayers in the city.

Lawson then said there would be an issue of how many of the remaining 25
signatures were of taxpayers.

City clerk LeAnn McCallister said she had received from the county auditor a
lengthy list of all the taxpayers in Welton. Lawson offered to go through the 49
pages to verify the names on the petition and determine how many were taxpayers.

The attorney also pointed out that if some of those who had signed the petition
changed their minds, in view of the cost of an audit, they could remove their
name by drawing a line through it and signing the change.

One signer, Bonnie Warner, told the Clinton Herald later she would take her name
off because she didn't realize the petition was asking for a formal audit, which
would be so expensive.

"I just thought it was to open the books up (to the public)," she said.

She said she had been shown at a meeting that the city has to pay $600 a month
to meet in the fire station, "and I didn't think that was right. The books
should be open."

Huffman told the Herald the town pays the fire department $1,000 a year for
office space and meeting space in the station and use of the Internet hook-up.

Another petition signer, Karl Vorwald, said he knew the petition was for an
audit and he was not surprised at the cost.

"I just think there are too many things that don't add up," he said. He also
said he has asked for copies and never received them.

McCallister made a statement at the end of Tuesday night's meeting in which she
assured the audience: "Any records the city has -- anything that's gone out to
the contractors, what it was for, how much it was -- it's a public record.
Anything anybody wants to see, you can get that at any time you want. I'll make
copies, no problem. You just need to ask. We're not trying to hide anything."

McCallister's office hours are Tuesday and Thursday in the late afternoon.
Appointments can be made with her by calling (563) 659-9516.

Lawson was also in attendance to address the issue of a variance that had been
requested by Vorwald from a proposed ordinance that would require every
household to be connected to the municipal water system now being installed.

The city received a $250,000 grant from the state underground storage tank fund
toward the construction of part of the water system.

The grant was awarded because several wells in town have been contaminated by a
plume of benzene from long-ago underground fuel tanks at a service station.

The grant agreement requires that every well in town be capped. The capping of
the wells and the connecting of every household to the water system will be paid
for from the grant.

Vorwald's well is within the possible plume area shown on a map drawn in 1999,
but he claims that according to his research the plume could now have
dissipated. The water from his well tests fine, he says.

But Lawson said the city "would stand to lose the quarter of a million dollar
grant" if it did not enforce the capping of all the wells.

"If one or two don't want to hook up, the city could impose a municipal
infraction penalty of $500 a day until they do hook up," he said.

The city could also go to court to enforce the ordinance. Then refusal to do so
could bring jail time, he added.

The mayor asked Lawson if the council could grant a variance.

"The ordinance says all," Lawson replied. But Huffman then asked if the council
could amend the ordinance to provide for variances.

"The only way you could do that is to set up an ordinance which would say that
under certain conditions you would consider" a variance, he said. "You would
have to set up a procedure and set out factors the council would consider. You
can't just decide that because you like this guy, but not her -- you have to
have certain factors."

After further discussion the council tabled the second reading of an ordinance
amendment which was scheduled at that meeting.

The motion to table calls for the council to look at revising the amendment to
provide a mechanism for a variance.

To see more of Clinton Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.clintonherald.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Clinton Herald, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080807-XI-Welton-residents-want-to-see-the-city-s-books-0807

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XI


                                 Copyright 2008


                              524 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Washington: Senators Collins, King Announce Grant Awards for Water and Waste
Infrastructure Improvements

LENGTH: 242 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Angus King has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King announced more than $2.7
million in grant funding from the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Water and Waste Disposal grant program for the communities of Brewer, Oxford,
and Wilton.





 Brewer will receive a $400,000 grant along with a $1,500,000 loan for sewer
system improvements.  Oxford will receive a $999,000 grant and a $3,601,000 loan
for its new waste water treatment facility and collection system. Wilton will
receive a $1,350,000 grant and a $2,750,000 loan for wastewater treatment
facility sewer upgrades.



 &ldquo;These important investments will help enable these communities to make
critical upgrades and repairs to their water and wastewater systems,&rdquo;
Senators Collins and King said in a joint statement.  &ldquo;This restoration
will help rural Maine communities extend and improve water and waste treatment
facilities that serve local households and businesses.&rdquo;



 The Water and Waste Disposal grant program aims to help rural communities
establish best practices that can save tax dollars, improve the environment, and
help manufacturers and businesses to establish or expand operations. This year,
the USDA awarded $299 million for 88 projects nationwide.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Argus Weekend (South Africa)

                               September 09, 2012
                                   E1 Edition

Toilets float to top of Zuma's urgent to-do list

BYLINE:  Michael Mpofu

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 715 words


THE SANITATION crisis has landed on President Jacob Zuma's doorstep.

More than a quarter of households across the country live with toilets that
stopped working soon after they were installed and 11 percent of households -
almost 1.4 million - lack any basic sanitation facilities.

This is according to a national study carried out by the Department of
Performance, Monitoring and Evaluation.

This week's cabinet lekgotla decided that attending to the country's long-term
water and sanitation needs would now become a strategic integrated project,
along with the 17 other major projects that make up the multibillion-rand
infrastructure build programme announced by Zuma in his state of the nation
address in February.

Ahmed Vawda, of the Department of Performance Monitoring and Evaluation in the
Presidency, on Wednesday briefed Parliament's oversight committee on human
settlements on the alarming state of sanitation across |the country.

Vawda told MPs that although the sanitation backlog had been reduced from 52
percent in 1994 to|21 percent in 2010, there had been a "reversal, in terms of
adequacy". He said the goal of achieving universal access to sanitation by 2014
was at risk.

The department conducted its investigation into the state of sanitation at the
request of the SA Human Rights Commission. It found that in |26 percent of
households in urban settlements where facilities had recently been fitted, they
were already falling apart due to "a lack of technical capacity to ensure
effective operation, timely maintenance, refurbishment and upgrading".

"Approximately 11 percent of households [both formal and informal] still have to
be provided with sanitation services. These households have never had a
government-supported sanitation intervention," Vawda told MPs.

Municipalities were struggling to provide adequate facilities, mainly because
they spent only 30 percent of their sanitation budgets last year, and the money
was often used on other unrelated projects, said Vawda.

Almost three million households were in crisis, as some had no water facilities
to allow for sanitation to function effectively, while others had no systems at
all.

Vawda said an amount of R90.8 billion was projected to be available, but only
R50bn would be required to solve the problem. However, the problem was that
funds were being used for other purposes.

"Spend the money where it's supposed to go and we will solve the problem," he
said.

The chairwoman of the human settlements committee, Beauty Dambuza, echoed
Vawda's sentiment on Friday, saying extra funding was not necessary.

She said if all the conditional grants allocated to sanitation infrastructure -
from various departments involved such as the Department of Water Affairs - were
made available, this would solve the problem.

Responsibility for sanitation was handed to the Department of Human Settlements
in 2009 when its name was changed from the department of housing and its mandate
broadened to include provision of sanitation, which was previously handled by
the Department of Water Affairs.

The committee felt there should be "integrated planning" between human
settlements and water affairs because while sanitation had been transferred to
human settlements, water affairs still shared some of the responsibility
legally.

The failure to completely transfer responsibility to human settlements meant
"the function of providing facilities was transferred but funds are
notâ[#x20ac]¦ and legislation has |also not been reviewed", Dambuza said.

This meant although funding was available for sanitation programmes, |the
department relied on |other sources of incomes, which were mostly |conditional
grants.

"We fully agree that there is an issue, we know this because we have been there
[and] we can't believe it," Dambuza told the Weekend Argus.

Briefing journalists on Friday on the outcomes of the cabinet lekgotla, Minister
in the Presidency Collins Chabane said making water and sanitation a strategic
project co-ordinated from the Presidency would ensure |the necessary
co-ordination took place.

DA spokesman on human settlements Stevens Mokgalapa has called on Human
Settlements Minister Tokyo Sexwale to stop "ducking behind task teams and
commissions". He accused him of not "actively doing anything to address the
sanitation backlogs".

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CZ


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Taranaki Daily News (New Zealand)

                              April 6, 2009 Monday

Power to the people;
Energy firm likely to shake up market

BYLINE: MAETZIG Rob

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 595 words


TARANAKI'S retail electricity and gas scene is poised to heat up, with the
arrival of a new player.

The company is Nova Energy, part of the Todd Energy group, which has substantial
oil and gas holdings in Taranaki.

Now the organisation is entering the retail scene as well, with claims it can
help consumers save more than $100 a year if they are using gas and electricity
in their homes. The company is also making a push to convert Taranaki people to
solar energy.

In fact, some customers in Wellington - the only other region where it has a
retail presence - are achieving annual savings of between $300 and $700, claims
Nova spokeswoman Cressida Gates. Nova has signed up 5000 customers in the
capital in the past six months.

Nova says it can achieve such savings because consumers will only be charged one
daily fixed charge for their gas and electricity supplies - not two as is the
case with the opposition companies.

"We think we can now achieve the same sort of presence in Taranaki with what we
call the dual energy advantage," she said.

At present the Taranaki retail energy scene is dominated by Genesis Energy,
which commands close to three- quarters of the market. Other players include
Mercury Energy with a 13 per cent share, and Contact Energy with 8 per cent.

Nova does not intend establishing retail premises in Taranaki, but will have
sales staff in the region participating in telemarketing and responding to
inquiries from mailbox drops.

The company will also be using Taranaki as the first full market for the
introduction of solar hot water systems for households.

Initially it will be responding to a large amount of interest in the solar
scheme that was generated from a Nova presence at the recent Womad festival.
Todd Energy is a principal sponsor and had a stall in the festival's sustainable
village.

There, visitors were told all about Nova's scheme, which allows householders to
install a solar hot water heating system and pay for it while they use it via
their energy bills over a period of five years. The plan comprises no deposit,
no interest, no up-front fee and no finance companies, with a large part of the
purchase cost being offset by the energy savings householders will make from the
solar heating. Such schemes, which cost $5400, attract a $1000 grant from the
Government.

Nova estimates that the grant combines with the electricity savings from using
solar, to mean that it will cost about $13 a month to pay off the purchase and
installation cost of the scheme over five years.

This initiative was trialled late last year in the Bay of Plenty and attracted
more than 120 customers in four months. Now Nova is taking it to other regions,
starting with Taranaki and then Taupo, Thames/Coromandel, and Auckland.

Mike Patching, sales manager of Nova's solar division, said the solar water
heating applied only to heating systems run on electricity. As much as 40 per
cent of the average household's electricity bill was used for water heating, and
a conversion to solar would remove up to 75 per cent of that cost, he said.

"Our studies have found that the solar fraction (the proportion of hot water
provided by solar energy) available in New Plymouth is on a par with Tauranga,
and it is even better in the area from Opunake to Hawera," he said.

"That's easily enough to meet the needs of most households for a vast percentage
of the time."

--------------------

CAPTION:

Sunny future? Dave Logan, key account manager for Nova Solar, with one of the
solar panels his company is now offering for installation in Taranaki.

Picture: ROBERT CHARLES

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        West Lyon Herald (Inwood, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 5, 2013

USDA Rural Development loan and grant programs assist rural homeowners with
needed home repairs

BYLINE: West Lyon Herald staff

LENGTH: 862  words


DES MOINES, Iowa - May 30, 2013 - Iowa's long winter and recent spring rains can
really take a toll on homes, especially older ones with aging roofs, siding or
windows.

If your house is in need of essential repairs this spring USDA Rural Development
has low-interest loans and grants available to help eligible families make
needed improvements. Loans have a fixed interest rate as low as one percent and
typically may be repaid over a term of 20 years.

Grants are available to help applicants who are 62 or older, and who cannot
repay a loan, remove health and safety hazards or to make the home accessible
for a disabled family member.

"These loans and grants help eligible families make needed repairs that they
otherwise couldn't afford," said Bill Menner, USDA Rural Development State
Director in Iowa. Through this program a family can get a $3,000 loan that has a
monthly payment as low as $13.80."

Examples of eligible projects include repair/replacement of storm doors,
windows, steps, furnaces, water heaters or roofs. Funds can also be used for
insulation, electrical, plumbing, septic and water systems, and to provide
accessibility for persons with disabilities. Homes repaired with these funds
must be located in communities of less than 20,000 people or in rural areas.

To be eligible for a repair loan, the family applying must own and live in the
home to be repaired, lack personal resources to pay for needed repairs, have a
good credit history, limited assets and have repayment ability.

To qualify for assistance household income must fall under income limits for the
county and household size. For most counties, a one-person household must have
an adjusted income of $20,950 or less, and a two-person household must have an
adjusted income of $23,950 or less. Limits increase for larger household sizes.

Along with loans and grants to repair homes, USDA Rural Development has two
low-interest, no-down-payment loan programs to help eligible families purchase
new homes.

In most cases a family of four with an adjusted annual income of up to $74,050
may qualify for the agency's guaranteed home loan program. If that same family
of four's adjusted annual income is less than $47,850 they may also qualify for
a direct loan from the agency. These income limits increase in communities
located near metro areas.

Homes can be existing or new construction. Existing homes must be structurally
sound. Also, the property cannot have any income-producing outbuildings.

"Each year USDA Rural Development invests more than $200 million in loans and
grants that provide rural Iowa residents with decent, safe and sanitary
housing," Menner said. "It's through housing programs like this one that we work
to ensure that as many rural lowans as possible have access to adequate
housing."

Contact USDA Rural Development

Residents in Cherokee, Crawford, Ida, Lyon, Monona, O'Brien, Osceola, Plymouth,
Sioux and Woodbury Counties are served by the USDA Rural Development office in
Le Mars. For more information please call (712) 546-5149 ext. 4 or
visitwww.rurdev. usda.gov/ia.

USDA Rural Development has 11 offices across the state to serve the 1.7 million
lowans living in rural communities. Office locations include a State Office in
Des Moines, along with Area Offices in Albia, Atlantic, Humboldt, Indianola,
Iowa Falls, Le Mars, Mount Pleasant, Storm Lake, Tipton and Wa-verly.

This past year USDA Rural Development's investment in Iowa helped create or
retain more than 1,600 jobs, aided 2,400 families in buying their own homes and
assisted more than 60 communities as they made improvements to their facilities,
services and infrastructure.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary
Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people,
even as USDA implements sequestration - the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has already undertaken
historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828 million in taxpayer funds
through targeted, common-sense budget reductions. These reductions have put USDA
in a better position to carry out its mission, while implementing sequester
budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as little disruption as possible.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Technology

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLY

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 West Lyon Herald


                              528 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Torquay Herald Express

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday

Homeowners can apply for share of £1m grant to keep their homes warm

SECTION: NEWS:POLITICS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 378  words


HOMEOWNERS and private-rented householders in selected areas of Teignbridge are
being offered grants of up to £7,000 to help keep their homes cosy after the
council was awarded a £1million government grant.

Teignbridge Council is working with Cosy Devon and E.ON to provide new 'Pioneer
Places' grants towards the cost of solid wall insulation and central heating
systems.

It has been awarded a share of £25milllion worth of government funding from the
Department of Energy and Climate Change.

The funding will be used to help people living in smaller, rural communities in
Devon to heat their home more economically with a central heating system.

It is aimed at properties which currently do not have any form of central
heating and will primarily target those who have electrical or solid fuel
heating.

Cllr Humphrey Clemens, Teignbridge Council's executive spokesman for housing and
planning, said: "We are delighted the innovative plan by a partnership of eight
Devon councils was among a small number selected by government for funding under
the Central Heating Fund.

"The £1million we have secured from government will enable us to reach more than
400 of our most hard-pressed homes which don't currently enjoy the benefit of
central heating, and provide them with a modern, efficient heating system.

"This will help them save anything up to £1,000 per year on keeping their homes
warm."

Energy Minister Lord Bourne added: "We are determined to help hardworking
families keep their homes warmer for less and we recognise households not
connected to the gas grid can pay over the odds for their heating.

"So we are taking action by backing these innovative projects which  will help
the people who need it most by focusing on central heating for the first time --
cutting bills and keeping homes warmer.

"Projects like this show how much the government and local councils can achieve
working together to secure a better future for local communities."

From the autumn, Teignbridge Council will begin to install central heating
systems in local fuel-poor households.

The government will continue to work closely with local authorities to implement
their winning proposals, to make sure  the results inform future work to help
hardworking bill payers living in fuel poverty.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Economist warns of risk to poor from water charges;
Charge is regressive and would hit poorest sections of society, conference told

BYLINE: Barry Roche

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 495 words


The introduction of water charges is generally regressive and without additional
policy measures will increase poverty for the poorest members of Irish society,
a leading economist has warned following a detailed study of the proposed
changes.

Dr Tom McDonnell said that while the move from paying for water by general
taxation to a tariff-based, metered system had merits in terms of discouraging
water wastage, it also had consequences in terms of social justice and the
impact it would have on the poorest sections of Irish society.

"Moving to a tariff system where water charges are going be a larger proportion
of the income of poorer households, because everybody uses about the same amount
of water ... by doing that, we are basically moving the burden of water costs
down the income groups," he said. Dr McDonnell said it was generally accepted
internationally that water affordability should not exceed 2 per cent of the
disposable income of the poorest members of society. The Irish proposals would
exceed those levels.

Dr McDonnell, of the Nevin Economic Research Institute, was speaking at the
Dublin Economics Workshop 37th Annual Economic Policy Conference, held in Cork.

He said that water provision was paid for either through general taxation or a
tariff system or some combination of the two. Up until this month, water and
wastewater services in Ireland were funded through general taxation, with the
annual cost of providing the services running between EUR 1.1 billion and EUR
1.2 billion, of which approximately EUR 700 million went to operating costs and
EUR 500 million went on capital investment.

Abolition Since the abolition of domestic water rates in the 1990s, the
commercial sector was the only sector paying water charges - approximately EUR
230 million per annum, though earlier analysis by the ESRI suggested this could
rise to EUR 350 million under Irish Water, he said. Dr McDonnell said this left
a balance of EUR 750 million to be raised from a combination of Government
subsidies and domestic charges.

With no subsidies, the 1.5 million households in the country would pay on
average EUR 500 each. The Government has decided to set average household costs
for all types of households at EUR 238, which would yield revenue of EUR 370
million from domestic users.

A combination of a household benefits package and income tax relief will reduce
this by some EUR 90 million. The metered rate has been set at EUR 4.88 per 1,000
litres of water, with each household allocated a free 30,000 litres plus a
further 21,000 litres per each child, Dr McDonnell said.

Based on Commission for Energy Regulation calculations, Dr McDonnell said a
household with a lone adult would pay EUR 176. With a further EUR 102 for each
extra adult, a payment of EUR 278 should be the norm, for the first nine months,
for a two- adult household utilising both water and wastewater services.

He said the prospect of people having to pay EUR 1,000 for water was unlikely.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Whitefish Pilot, Mont.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 20, 2011 Wednesday

Housing program sees drastic funding cuts

BYLINE: Richard Hanners, Whitefish Pilot, Mont.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 792 words


April 20--Deeper cuts to funding and aging facilities are two major concerns at
the Whitefish Housing Authority, executive director SueAnn Grogan told the
Whitefish City Council during an April 4 work session.

The session was requested on March 22 after the council delayed voting on city
manager Chuck Stearns' suggestion that WHA receive $15,000 in tax-increment
financing (TIF) money for two years.

The money could be used by WHA to rehabilitate three homes in the Railroad
District that BNSF Railway said it would donate to WHA. The work would be
eligible for TIF money because it would address blight, Stearns said.

WHA, founded in 1967 to address growing housing needs here, has not received any
city funding since 2004, Grogan told the council. Since 1998, WHA has won more
than $2 million in grants that they wrote in-house -- $77 for the community for
every dollar the city invested, she said. But times have changed.

"The Whitefish Housing Authority is confronting deep cuts to our most important
housing and community development programs in 2011, and I expect the trend to
continue in 2012 and beyond," she said.

Mountain View Manor, which opened in 1970 and was WHA's first project, provides
50 apartments for the elderly and disabled. Funding for WHA's public housing has
been cut by about 70 percent since 2009, Grogan said, and last October, WHA
spent $26,000 replacing a rusted-out, 40-year-old water tank for the Manor's
heating system.

WHA received $80,312 in federal stimulus money in 2009, one-time money it used
to upgrade windows and doors at the Manor to save energy. The water tank repair
should also save energy, Grogan said.

"At this time, the Moun-tain View Manor is able to make ends meet, but we do
have serious doubts about the funding for public housing at the national level,"
she said.

WHA was awarded a planning grant last year that will help them decide if
Mountain View Manor should opt out of public housing and move to a project-based
housing-choice voucher system.

A housing-choice voucher system is already in place here. The federally-funded
program assists low-income households by paying a portion of their rent. WHA
currently manages 16 vouchers averaging $375 per month per participant, but the
program is currently under-funded, Grogan said. It receives $788 per month to
operate, when costs are actually $1,000 per month.

A housing rehabilitation program funded by federal, state and local grants has
helped about 50 low-income households finance repairs to their homes, with loans
averaging from $2,000 to $42,000. The program has received about $390,000 since
it started here in 1998 and is currently funded by a $30,000 federal grant.

WHA's homeownership program has helped 24 low- and moderate-income households
purchase homes in Whitefish since it started in 2004. A subsidy was provided to
help buy down the price of the home. In 2008, WHA founded the Whitefish Area
Land Trust to create homes that remain affordable after resale.

About $1.7 million in grant funding has been awarded to WHA for the
homeownership program, but Grogan notes that "it has proven difficult to pass
the community land-trust model through the various financial institutions and
funding hoops."

The city's inclusionary-zoning provision was intended to give developers a
chance to increase project density in exchange for providing affordable housing
in their project or money to WHA. But when the recession hit in 2008, projects
that had taken advantage of the provision stalled and were never developed.

As for the three BNSF homes, the councilors discussed the likelihood of them
ever being converted to affordable housing units. Two were in particularly bad
shape, they agreed. WHA instead could end up selling the land for mixed-use
projects or even a parking lot for the gentrifying Railroad District.

Grogan was well aware of changes in the Railroad District. She pointed out that
a home at the corner of First Street and O'Brien Avenue was one of the first
homes WHA rehabilitated for affordable housing. The woman who bought it sold it
for about three times what she paid for it, and the home was later torn down and
replaced by condos, Grogan said.

Seeing that Grogan needed $20,000 this year for a grant match, the council
reached a consensus to provide her with that much in TIF money, but she'll have
to wait until next year to see if she gets more money from the city.

To see more of the Whitefish Pilot, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.flatheadnewsgroup.com/whitefishpilot/. Copyright (c) 2011, Whitefish
Pilot, Mont. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110420-UW-Housing-program-sees-drastic-funding-cuts-0420-20110420

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UW


                                 Copyright 2011


                              531 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Former senior public servant to lead water review

BYLINE: Tom McIlroy; Assembly Reporter

SECTION: A; Pg. A003

LENGTH: 557  words


Former senior public servant to lead water review By Tom McIlroy Assembly
Reporter A former senior Employment Department official has been tapped by
Treasurer Andrew Barr to lead the government's review into the process of
setting water and sewerage prices in the ACT.

The review by Peter Grant comes after an ACT Auditor-General report sharply
criticised the agencies responsible for Canberra water charges and cleared the
way for an appeal against a price cut that saved households $80 a year.

Its terms of reference will consider how regulated water and sewerage prices are
set in the territory as the government seeks improvements to the independent
price regulations.

The ACT government's response to the April report by Auditor-General Maxine
Cooper included a commitment to a review into pricing processes, and
consideration of the territory's legislative, governance and administrative
arrangements.

Mr Barr said the former deputy secretary and first assistant secretary for
economic and policy analysis in the Department of Employment, Education and
Training also had extensive public policy analysis and review experience. Mr
Grant has previously been involved in major reviews of Australian government
grant programs and Indigenous programs, as well as a review of the Australian
Bureau of Statistics' national education and training statistics unit, and a
review of the job seeker compliance framework.

"I am convinced that Mr Grant will bring a new and independent perspective in
considering potential improvements of the pricing framework and will deliver
recommendations for a flexible and responsive pricing structure for water and
sewerage in the ACT," Mr Barr said in a statement on Tuesday.

Dr Cooper's review found a breakdown in relations between Actew Water and the
body that sets water and sewerage prices in the ACT - the Independent
Competition and Regulatory Commission.

Relations had reached an impasse as Actew disputed the commission's method and
price ruling for the essential services. At the same time, the commission
accused Actew of obstructing its price review process.

The breakdown resulted in escalating legal threats and demands as the commission
attempted to force Actew to abandon its position.

Reserving its strongest criticism for the pricing commission, the report found
it had stretched its authority, departed from previous practices, lacked
detailed guidance on procedures for setting water and sewerage prices, lacked
planning and did not produce promised reports on time.

The pricing commission billed Actew Water $2.36 million for the fumbled pricing
decision. Actew Water said it spent $3.97 million of its own money on the
process, bringing the total bill to $6.3 million.

A day later, pricing commissioner Malcolm Gray said parts of the
auditor-general's report defied logic.

He warned it could "unnecessarily alarm the ACT community". In March, it was
reported Mr Barr had not yet established a panel to hear Actew's appeal against
a decision to cut water and sewerage prices. As a result, Canberra households
had been enjoying an $83-a-year average cut to water and sewerage prices.

The Independent Competition and Regulatory Commission disagreed with the need
for the review, arguing the Auditor-General's findings "have not been
substantiated and cannot be sustained".

Actew noted the call for a review.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CTD1


       Copyright 2014 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Former senior public servant to lead water review

BYLINE: Tom McIlroy; Assembly Reporter

SECTION: A; Pg. A003

LENGTH: 557  words


Former senior public servant to lead water review By Tom McIlroy Assembly
Reporter A former senior Employment Department official has been tapped by
Treasurer Andrew Barr to lead the government's review into the process of
setting water and sewerage prices in the ACT.

The review by Peter Grant comes after an ACT Auditor-General report sharply
criticised the agencies responsible for Canberra water charges and cleared the
way for an appeal against a price cut that saved households $80 a year.

Its terms of reference will consider how regulated water and sewerage prices are
set in the territory as the government seeks improvements to the independent
price regulations.

The ACT government's response to the April report by Auditor-General Maxine
Cooper included a commitment to a review into pricing processes, and
consideration of the territory's legislative, governance and administrative
arrangements.

Mr Barr said the former deputy secretary and first assistant secretary for
economic and policy analysis in the Department of Employment, Education and
Training also had extensive public policy analysis and review experience. Mr
Grant has previously been involved in major reviews of Australian government
grant programs and Indigenous programs, as well as a review of the Australian
Bureau of Statistics' national education and training statistics unit, and a
review of the job seeker compliance framework.

"I am convinced that Mr Grant will bring a new and independent perspective in
considering potential improvements of the pricing framework and will deliver
recommendations for a flexible and responsive pricing structure for water and
sewerage in the ACT," Mr Barr said in a statement on Tuesday.

Dr Cooper's review found a breakdown in relations between Actew Water and the
body that sets water and sewerage prices in the ACT - the Independent
Competition and Regulatory Commission.

Relations had reached an impasse as Actew disputed the commission's method and
price ruling for the essential services. At the same time, the commission
accused Actew of obstructing its price review process.

The breakdown resulted in escalating legal threats and demands as the commission
attempted to force Actew to abandon its position.

Reserving its strongest criticism for the pricing commission, the report found
it had stretched its authority, departed from previous practices, lacked
detailed guidance on procedures for setting water and sewerage prices, lacked
planning and did not produce promised reports on time.

The pricing commission billed Actew Water $2.36 million for the fumbled pricing
decision. Actew Water said it spent $3.97 million of its own money on the
process, bringing the total bill to $6.3 million.

A day later, pricing commissioner Malcolm Gray said parts of the
auditor-general's report defied logic.

He warned it could "unnecessarily alarm the ACT community". In March, it was
reported Mr Barr had not yet established a panel to hear Actew's appeal against
a decision to cut water and sewerage prices. As a result, Canberra households
had been enjoying an $83-a-year average cut to water and sewerage prices.

The Independent Competition and Regulatory Commission disagreed with the need
for the review, arguing the Auditor-General's findings "have not been
substantiated and cannot be sustained".

Actew noted the call for a review.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2014 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            January 3, 2013 Thursday

30,000 homes at risk of lead poisoning from water

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 402 words


Four county councils are under orders from the Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) to replace the last known four kilometres of lead piping in public water
mains.

But the EPA warned there may be other lead mains dating back to Victorian times
that have not been identified because there are no surviving records of them.

And the agency says there is a more pressing problem of private households that
are served by modern public mains but have old lead pipes running through their
property, connecting the mains to their taps.

The EPA's warning comes as the countdown to the implementation of new
Europe-wide lead limits begins. From next December, a limit of 10 microgrammes
of lead per litre of water will apply - down from the current level of 25
microgrammes - although ideally there would be no traces of the metal.

"There is not really any safe level of lead," explained Darragh Page, inspector
with the EPA which warns that exposure to lead can damage the central nervous
system.

"Babies and young children are particularly vulnerable because the amount of
water they drink per body weight is proportionately higher and because their
central nervous system is still developing."

Exactly how many households are at risk is hard to quantify but latest test
results from the EPA show that close to 98% of drinking water sampled met with
the new limits. That leaves just over 2% of supplies, which equates to at least
32,000 homes, exceeding the limits.

Mr Page said some householders may not be aware they still have lead pipes -
which generally pre-date 1970 - while others know but don't address the problem.
"There is an issue with reluctance. People don't always want to dig up their
garden or kitchen floor. Not everybody takes it on board."

Dr Anthony Breslin, specialist in public health with the HSE, said people should
take the possibility of lead poisoning seriously.

"It doesn't present terribly frequently but it's a serious issue in that people,
particularly children, could be exposed over a long time in their own homes."

The Green Party has called for a grant scheme to assist householders with the
cost of replacing lead pipes which can run to thousands of euro, saying it could
be funded from the property tax initially and subsequently from domestic water
charges.

The Department of the Environment said it had no plans to provide any financial
assistance to private householders to carry out such work.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            August 27, 2011 Saturday

India: Convergence of Agricultural Interventions in Maharashtra s Distressed
Districts Project

LENGTH: 436  words


Total cost: US$118.6 million
Approved IFAD loan: US$40.1 million
Approved IFAD grant: US$1.0 million
Duration: 2009 - 2017
Directly benefiting: 286,800 households
Status: Ongoing
The project area includes 1,200 villages in the districts of Akola, Amravati,
Buldhana, Wardha, Washim and Yavatmal. The Government of India and the
Government of Maharashtra state have asked IFAD to intervene in the region,
where agricultural distress and farmers   suicides are pressing issues. Farmers
productivity and incomes are low, and they face food insecurity, partly as a
result of inefficient water use, depleted soil fertility and indiscriminate use
of fertilizers and hybrid seeds.


To reduce distress, the national and state governments will provide emergency
packages to affected households and will shift the focus of agricultural
development towards low input production systems.
IFAD financing in the form of a loan and a grant supports the project, which the
organization will supervise directly through its country office. The project
will have a multistakeholder approach, encouraging participants to build
ownership of project activities. It will focus on establishing and strengthening
inclusive grass-roots institutions, and on fostering community consensus for
activities.
The project  s objectives are to:
improve household incomes through diversified farming and off-farm activities
make farming systems resilient by introducing low external input and organic
farming
help farmers   groups become involved in primary processing, quality improvement
and marketing
empower women by improving their access to microfinance and to activities as
microentrepreneurs
ensure convergence with ongoing government projects so that all projects are
aligned with the common objective of restoring agricultural profitability
The aim of the project is to achieve increased productivity through water
conservation and organic farming and sustainable, low external input
agriculture. Combined with a reduction in production costs, this is expected to
result in increased household incomes and improved food security.
Diversification into fruit, vegetable and livestock products will contribute to
better nutrition. Increased carbon content will enhance soil fertility and
increase moisture retention, allowing higher cropping intensity.
The project  s innovative features include provisions for:
Fostering pro-poor partnerships with the private sector
Using the instrument of contract farming for production of organic cotton and
other crops

Introducing an end-to-end subproject approach

country :Italy
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Warrnambool Standard

                            April 18, 2015 Saturday

WARRNAMBOOL'S flagging central business district could

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 717 words


WARRNAMBOOL'S flagging central business district could be revived by encouraging
more people to live there, retiring Wannon Water boss Grant Green has suggested.

Just as Melbourne had gone through a transformation with a proliferation of
inner city residential developments boosting the population, he believes
Warrnambool could experience the same revival.

"There's been debate on the CBD renewal proposals Melbourne went through the
same thing, now it's bright and vibrant with more people living in the city
centre," he said.

"I'd like to hope our council can look at increasing the population density of
the CBD rather than continue to sprawl into rural land.

"It would help kick-start the centre.

"If we want more employment in the region, then cities like Warrnambool need to
grow."

After July 17 he will no longer be at the helm of western Victoria's water
corporation he'll be just a normal customer drinking the results of his work and
enjoying more time to pursue his passion for surfing, golfing and travel.

Mr Green has been in the industry 41 years and the managing director of Wannon
Water since its formation 10 years ago with the merger of three district water
bodies.

He's seen a transformation in customer appreciation of water with household
consumption and waste dropping dramatically.

Ten years ago, Wannon Water's household customers used 270,000 litres a year now
it's down to 150,000.

It's also become a huge industry in itself with Wannon Water last financial year
posting a $70 million turnover with 42,500 customers 36,000 of them being
householders.

Ninety of the corporation's 200 staff work in its $10m Warrnambool headquarters
managing a vast district covering 24,500-square-kilometres stretching from
Portland, Casterton to Lismore and Port Campbell.

When Mr Green began his working career with the former Melbourne Metropolitan
Board of Works, 8500 employees covered diverse portfolios including town
planning, constructing the South Eastern Freeway as well as water supply
networks.

Now water management is a speciality in its own right under tight government
scrutiny.

"I was fortunate when I came to Wannon Water we could build a new corporation
from the ground up following the mergers," he recalled.

"It was a unique opportunity and we achieved a cohesive organisation in quick
time.

"By June this year, Wannon Water will have completed $250m worth of new capital
works.

"It doesn't matter if you live in Casterton or Port Campbell, you get the same
level of service and the same response time.

"We have been able to adapt to the challenges of growth in Warrnambool and
despite the expansion, we take less water from the Gellibrand than we did 10
years ago.

"It's an industry where you get satisfaction from good outcomes and new
technology.

"At Wannon Water we've been able to achieve 5.9 per cent reduction in prices
through to 2018."

He cites rooftop rainwater harvesting, brine treatment and using goldfish to
consume sewerage sludge as unique highlights.

The rainwater project remains the first in Victoria and collects more for the
supply system than what the households involved use.

A brine receival depot in Warrnambool which takes waste from mineral sands
mining operations is generating $1m a year and the goldfish trial project is
likely to be rolled out at other sites.

He predicts the south-west will become an economic powerhouse because of its
stable climate and water security.

"The future is bright and manufacturers are wanting to establish new plants in
dairying," he said.

"They are queueing up to come here because of the climate, good rainfall and
water supply.

"But there needs to be a broad vision that everyone can get behind."

Chairman John Vogels described Mr Green's contribution to the authority and
water industry as outstanding.

"Grant has led Wannon Water since it was formed in 2005 following the merger of
three local water authorities," Mr Vogels said.

"His career in the Victorian water industry has included executive roles at
Melbourne Water and Barwon Water.

"Grant will leave the corporation in excellent financial health as a result of
operational efficiencies delivered under his leadership.

"Customers will benefit from this by way of real price reductions and a $70
annual rebate for residential customers through to 2018."

pcollins@fairfaxmedia.com.au

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                           February 09, 2010 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

No quick fix for local government

BYLINE:  XOLANI MBANJWA Political Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 668 words


THE CHALLENGES facing local government cannot be solved by a one-size-fits-all
approach because of the "enormous" differences among municipalities, the South
African Institute of Race Relations has said.

"It is clear that a uniform approach to resolving issues of service delivery
inadequacies and poverty will not yield the best results for... all 283
municipalities in the country," researcher Nthamaga Kgalefa said.

Kgalefa has produced a report, released yesterday, that she describes as "one of
the largest and most comprehensive statistical breakdowns of local government
performance to date".

It identified the Alfred Nzo District Municipality as the poorest, and the West
Coast and Cape Winelands as the most well off.

"More than half the households in Alfred Nzo do not have access to clean water,
electricity, adequate sanitation facilities and refuse disposal," Kgalefa said.

"Less than 10 percent of households in the West Coast District Municipality do
not have such access."

In the West Coast District Municipality, 23 percent of households had an income
of less than R800 a monthm, whereas in Alfred Nzo, 76 percent of households fell
into this bracket.

Only 4 percent of residents living in the City of Johannesburg did not have
access to water; 7.8 percent lived without electricity; and 4.8 percent lacked
access to sanitation.

It was found that crime was not necessarily linked to poverty, with high crime
rates occurring in some better-off municipalities and low murder rates in some
municipalities that had high levels of poverty.

Selected data on education showed, however, that municipalities with high matric
pass rates generally had lower poverty rates, measured as an income of R800 a
month or higher.

The West Coast District Municipality had the lowest deprivation score of 0.9
percent and the highest matric pass rate with 89 percent.

"The link between poverty rates and matric results may arise from the fact
public schools in poorer communities are more dependent on the state for all
resources while others in wealthier areas can have their resources supplemented
through higher school fees," according to the report.

Municipalities with higher numbers of people living in informal housing also had
a fairly low poverty rate.

Kgalefa said although informal housing was associated with poverty, the findings
suggested people were moving to urban areas where they could find work.

Residents in poorer municipalities accessed more social grants than those in
affluent areas. The Chris Hani District Municipality had the highest proportion
of households (26 percent) receiving child grants, and the City of Cape Town the
lowest, 7 percent.

Municipalities in KwaZulu-Natal were worst off when it came to health
indicators. The eThekwini Metropolitan Municipality recorded the highest number
of HIV-positive pregnant women (42 percent), while the Sisonke District
Municipality had the lowest tuberculosis cure rate, 37 percent.

The study assessed the six metropolitan and 46 district municipalities (which
break down into 231 local municipalities) against 80 indicators, including
demographics, education, crime, poverty, employment, housing, access to
services, transport, health and social security.

Kgalefa said employing people best suited to hold crucial posts in
municipalities should be the government's first step in trying to improve
service provision. The report also calls for an end to "corrupt" hiring
practices in municipalities and for skilled people to be hired to draw up
turnaround plans based on each municipality's needs.

An analysis of the spate of protests around the country found that service
provision was not the only reason for them, although it accounted for 28
percent. Other reasons included land and housing issues (28 percent), corruption
and financial mismanagement (15 percent), lack of communication by councillors
(13 percent), issues of relocation (4 percent) while "other" reasons accounted
for 8 percent.

Parliament is conducting public hearings on service provision.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                          February 11, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Sask. consumers can get greener

BYLINE: Adriana Christianson, The Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 573  words


Saskatchewan households are lagging slightly behind other provinces in making
environmentally friendly consumer choices, according to a recent Statistics
Canada report.

In particular, Saskatchewan households were found to have the highest rates of
pesticide use in the country and are the least likely to use low-flow shower
heads.

A survey of households in 2007 and early 2008 showed the number of people using
new technology to reduce their environmental footprint -- everything from
reusable grocery bags to programmable thermostats -- is increasing nationally.

Water-saving devices are becoming more popular, with 62 per cent of Canadian
households reporting that they use a low-flow shower head and 39 per cent who
use a reduced-volume toilet. But only 45 per cent of Saskatchewan households
reported using a low-flow shower head. These shower devices can save 15 per cent
on the cost of heating water and they use 70 per cent less water.

The good news is that 37 per cent of Saskatchewan households did utilize
low-volume toilets -- a five-per-cent increase from 2006.

Steven Banick, sales manager for the Wolseley Mechanical Group in Regina, said
the $50 provincial government rebate for low-flush toilets has increased general
awareness for water-conserving products in the home construction industry.

With low-flow shower heads, Banick said people tend to notice the reduction in
water flow so they are more hesitant to buy and install one for a private
residence. However, the water-saving shower heads are in higher demand for hotel
and apartment renovations.

In terms of energy consumption habits, Saskatchewan is keeping up with the rates
of other provinces for using energy-saving devices.

According to Gordon Dewis, research analyst at Statistics Canada and author of
the report, Saskatchewan is right on the national average, with 84 per cent of
households using at least one type of energy-saving light.

Across Canada, the use of programmable thermostats -- which automatically set to
a lower temperature at night or through the day when people are away -- has
increased to 42 per cent, more than double the rate from 1994. Dewis said
Saskatchewan is in the middle of the pack in comparison to other western
provinces at 38 per cent.

According to the SaskEnergy website, Saskatchewan homeowners who install
programmable thermostats before March 31 this year can receive a $15 rebate on
their accounts. The website also says people can save two per cent of the
heating bill for every one degree Celsius that residents turn down their
thermostats through the night or when they are out of the house.

The Saskatchewan government is providing incentives for residents to improve the
efficient use of water and energy in their homes. The EnerGuide for Houses
program provides provincial grants up to $5,000 to people who make efficiency
upgrades to their homes. Rebates are also available to people building new homes
which meet specific energy efficiency standards.

Other damaging environmental behaviours include the high use of pesticides which
increased by four per cent across Canada in 2007. The national average is 33 per
cent and Saskatchewan households are the highest users at 48 per cent, the other
two prairie provinces follow this trend closely.

Saskatchewan residents are among the least likely in Canada to shop with
recycled or reusable grocery bags and containers, with 35 per cent reporting
that they rarely or never use them.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Bryan Schlosser, The Leader-Post; Steven Banick, of Wolseley
Mechanical Group, points to an assortment of shower heads, including low-flow
models, in the company's Regina showroom on Tuesday. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2009 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                October 26, 2008

Arise, sun and air, your time's come

BYLINE:  Siobhan Maguire

SECTION: FEATURES; Eire Home; Pg.14

LENGTH: 1573 words


Solar and wind power will cut your energy bills drastically, writes Siobhan
Maguire

It was Ian and Elita Kelly's three children who convinced the family to go
green.

"Gas is so expensive now, so we were looking for a complementary heating system,
"

says Ian Kelly, father of Jade, 13, Taighe, 7, and Erin, 5. "The kids are
learning about the environment in school and ways of reducing our carbon
footprint. The family talked about it and decided to look at the installation of
solar panels."

The panels cost E6,000, but the family secured a E1,800 grant for their "heating
contribution system" from Sustainable Energy Ireland (SEI), a scheme backed by
the government and intended to increase the use of sustainable energy technology
in Irish homes.

Since the installation last February, the family, who were spending E3,500 a
year on gas to heat their 2,800-sq-ft home in Athgarvan, Newbridge, Co Kildare,
have already made savings.

Ian Kelly says: "We won't know the full effect of the panels until the cold
winter months have passed and we see how much we have saved on heating bills.
But so far we're very pleased with the results."

Solar energy is one of the most useful forms of renewable energy even in a
climate like Ireland's, where the level of sunshine is limited. In simple terms,
solar heating is the process of converting the sun's light into heat. As an
alternative way to heat the home, it can provide each Irish household with up
75% of annual hot water requirements.

Compared with electricity produced conventionally, this type of alternative
energy is more expensive to install. The most common application of solar
thermal energy is to heat water. Panels, generally located on a south-facing
roof, transform solar radiation into heat, which is then stored in a large hot-
water cylinder.

For solar water heating, there are two types of panel, or "collector" -
conventional flat-plate collectors and evacuated tube collectors, which are
hollow. Evacuated tubes have several advantages, particularly in the Irish
climate, because they work on overcast days and in colder weather. The tubes can
also be installed and replaced individually without special tools. They act like
a thermos, allowing 93% of the sun's radiation in but only 3% to 5% out.

"There are two types of solar power: photovoltaic (PV), which produces
electricity, and solar thermal, which produces hot water," says Cormac McHugh,
managing director of C-Mc Energy, specialists in renewable energy systems, in
Athy, Co Kildare. "Solar evacuated tubes, which are installed on the roof, are
designed to maximise the absorption of the sun's energy, radiation. SEI are
aware of this and give slightly higher grants over solar flat panels."

According to SEI, solar water heating systems are generally sized to cover
between 50% and 60% of a household's hot water and cost from E4,000 to E6,000.
This type of system will, however, provide hot water for an average house
throughout the summer. A solar combi-system, which is larger, is more expensive
to install - between E8,000 and E15,000 -but supplies a greater proportion of
heating.

"We fitted a 3,000-sq-ft bungalow two weeks ago with a 1,000 litre
thermostore/hot water cylinder with 120 tubes in the roof, at a cost of
E13,000," says McHugh.

He now expects this system to produce 100% of the bungalow's hot water for at
least six to eight months of the year. McHugh adds: "This translates to cutting
their oil bills by one third."

A 3,000-sq-ft house with annual oil bills of E3,500 can attract savings in
excess of E1,000 with solar power. If there is underground heating in place, oil
usage can be halved.

Ireland's commercial sector is leading the way in solar-powered energy, with the
government contributing 30% of the cost of materials and installation.One
Dublin-based company is trying to develop "spray-on" solar cells. If successful,
Science and Technology Research Partners could revolutionise the industry.

www.c-mcenergy.com; Sustainable Energy Ireland, 1850 376 666, www.sei.ie

When Eamon Ryan, the energy minister, announced a pilot grant scheme last April
to allow users to generate electricity for their own use, the renewable energy
sector celebrated. Among those to rejoice was Gerald Holohan, of Sunpeak
Ireland, who saw the move as a boost for the turbine industry and an incentive
for domestic dwellings to opt for wind energy.

Elation turned to disappointment last month, however, when Sustainable Energy
Ireland (SEI), the government-backed energy agency, revealed that just 15
domestic turbines and 20 commercial plants would qualify for the grant scheme.
The numbers were much smaller than the industry had hoped for, and it could be
two years before the measures take effect.

That is just one of the problems facing the wind turbine industry in Ireland.
Almost every other country in the European Union pays householders attractive
rates if they generate more electricity than they need. In Ireland, however,
giving power back to the grid goes unrewarded. "Anything we export to the grid
is not credited or paid for by the ESB," says Holohan. "It doesn't make sense to
install a 5kW turbine that at night time is just going to dump all of your power
back into the grid. Until one of the energy giants -ESB, Bord Gais or Airtricity
-steps up and says, 'We'll credit you with the power you return to the grid',
the industry is stalled in a terrible way."

Like solar power, wind is one of the cleanest and most sustainable solutions to
Ireland's energy problems. It is inexhaustible and renewable. The turbines come
with a clamp and fit onto the side of a house. Wind turns the blades (normally
there are three of them), which then spin a shaft connected to a generator,
making electricity. Turbines can also be used to pump water. However, planning
permission is needed for larger installations, from 5kW upwards.

Wind turbines are expensive to install, particularly when savings on electricity
go uncredited. The most popular turbines sold to domestic households are 900W,
1kW and 2kW in size. They cost from E5,000 fully installed, or from E3,000
without installation.

Holohan says that if homes were credited for electricity pumped back into the
grid, annual bills could be halved, with savings from E1,000 on smaller
turbines, giving a period payback of only five years.

Larger turbines, designed for commercial or industrial use, start at E25,000 for
a fully installed 5kW system and E45,000 for 11kW. Holohan says these systems
produce annual savings of E5,000 and E8,000 respectively. "You can also set up
these turbines so that electricity not used at night goes into the heating of
hot water tanks," he says.

But not everyone is convinced that wind turbines are an effective form of energy
or that they offer value for money. For a start, they are noisy, though some
distributors say a typical residential wind system makes less noise than the
average washing machine. And there is the matter of weather conditions: no wind
means no power.

"Realistically, wind energy is not a cost-effective way to run your home," says
Cormac McHugh, managing director of C-McEnergy, a specialist supplier of
renewable energy systems, in Athy, Co Kildare. "Electricity in Ireland is not
expensive compared with other countries, and people take it for granted."

McHugh says a large number of "cheap" products on the market produce little or
no savings. "A friend bought a 1kW turbine over a year ago and it has produced
just E50 of electricity. It cost him E3,500. In my opinion, you can't power a
3,000-sq-ft house on a turbine lower than 3kW. I have a 5kW turbine on my own
house, and the payback is the life of the turbine."

Sunpeak Ireland, 091 595 074, www.sunpeakireland.com; C-McEnergy, 059 862 6244,
www.c-mcenergy.com; Sustainable Energy Ireland, 1850 376 666, www.sei.ie

Enter the green room, Interiors, page 24

SAVE PENNIES FROM HEAVEN

Collecting water might seem ludicrous in a country where it rains so often, but
water charges are in the pipeline -not that any politician will admit it.

One alternative to big water bills is to harvest your own. You may already do
this if you have a water butt -a plastic barrel attached to the downpipe your
gutters -but larger domestic rainwater harvesting systems are becoming more
common, especially in new-builds. They collect the rain that falls on your roof
and store it. Rainwater is not suitable for drinking or cooking, but it can be
used in toilets and washing machines.

Retrofitting is not that cost-effective, because pipes have to be fitted to get
the water to the devices using them. But during refurbishment, where a house is
being re-plumbed, it makes sense, according to Johnny Coyle of Rain Harvesting
Ireland, a Coleraine-based firm.

A system for an average house costs about E3,300, including the tank, filters,
controller, level gauge and pump. It can be fitted by any building contractor,
says Coyle.

Another option is to recycle water from baths and showers. This can save up to
90,000 litres a year in a household of four or five people. This system, which
filters and sterilises the water for re-use, costs in the region of E4,250.

Water butts are available at most DIY and hardware stores from E30, and from
some local authority "bring centres".

Rain Harvesting Ireland, 028 703 27072, www.rainharvesting.ie

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: sb


                    Copyright 2008 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             April 22, 2016 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Southside

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: COUNTY BY COUNTY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 479 words



HIGHLIGHT: South Fulton, Clayton, Fayette and Henry can get the latest updates
and breaking news on Twitter: @ajcsouthside


Fayette County citizens are invited to attend any portion of the county
commission's annual budget retreat today starting at 7:30 a.m. in the third
floor conference room at the Old Courthouse in Fayetteville.

The agenda includes, in order, a financial review for FY2016 regarding the
general fund, proprietary funds, the tax digest and the millage rate history;
presentations related to the Fayette County Development Authority and a SPLOST
proposal; and items for future consideration, including major capital projects
and recreation/park fees. The meeting will conclude with a discussion about open
records, parliamentary procedures and other commission topics.

JILL HOWARD CHURCH FOR THE AJC

CLAYTON COUNTY

County takes hazardous waste this weekend

The Clayton County Water Authority is having a Household Hazardous Waste Amnesty
Day for Clayton County residents this weekend. Residents can bring any of the
approved items listed from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday to the W.B. Casey Water
Reclamation Facility, at 8890 Roberts Road in Jonesboro.

Participants must show proof of residency and can only drop off the following
items: latex and oil household paints; oven cleaners; cooking oil or grease;
aerosols; bleaches, chlorine and drain cleaners; fluorescent bulbs; automotive
and household batteries; motor oil, transmission fluid and antifreeze; paint
thinner; wood strippers; pesticides and herbicides; insect sprays and rodent
killers; fire extinguishers, propane and butane tanks; and over the counter and
prescription medications.

Information: www.ccwa.us; 770-960-5200.

DIONNE KINCH FOR THE AJC

HENRY COUNTY

County to apply for criminal justice grant

The Henry County Board of Commissioners approved a request to apply for a grant
from the state's Criminal Justice Coordinating Council for use by Henry County
Juvenile Court.

The action, which took place at the board's April 5 regular meeting, could see
up to $300,000 in state funding come back to the county. The CJCC is designated
by the governor's office as the state administering agency for criminal justice
and victims' assistance programs. The goal for this funding is "projects that
aim to reduce the number of children removed from their families as a result of
criminogenic factors," according to a staff report.

The governor's office expects an overall 20-percent reduction of incarceration
and commitments in each county receiving this funding.

MONROE ROARK FOR THE AJC

UPCOMING

|Meeting With the Mayor. 1-2 p.m. Wednesday. Free. Fayette Senior Services, The
Gathering Place, 203 McIntosh Trail, Peachtree City. Peachtree City Mayor
Vanessa Fleisch and Peachtree City Manager Jon Roarie will discuss the recent
citizen survey, road conditions, cart paths, Lake Peachtree and what to expect
in the city's future. Register: 770-461-0813 or email register@fayss.org
(include name, phone number and event title). Fayss.org.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2016 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              540 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Great Yarmouth Mercury

                              July 10, 2015 Friday

BYLINE: PR Script Managers

SECTION: FRNT

LENGTH: 706 words


Help for flood-hit residents has been branded a postcode lottery after northern
villages were offered emergency cash but those south of Great Yarmouth stand
alone.

Frustration is bubbling to the surface in Bradwell, Belton and Burgh Castle
after Sunday's summer storm caused flooding, with reports of sewage erupting
into gardens and roads becoming impassable.



At the same time, households in Ormesby, Hemsby and Winterton-on-Sea are being
offered the chance to apply for grants of up to £3,500 to protect their
properties a year after flooding hit the Flegg villages.

"Why we are not getting support is beyond me," said John Rudrum, chairman of
Belton and Browston Parish Council.

"It [flooding] happens again and again. At the Station Road end of the village
it comes up from the sewers and in Stepshort it's been happening for years.

"Don't get me wrong, Anglian Water always come out but by the time they get here
the problem has subsided."

Carl Annison, borough councillor for Bradwell and Hopton, has suffered flooding
in his back garden in Primrose Way, Bradwell, and is campaigning for action.
Describing the drainage system in Bradwell as a "ticking time bomb", Mr Annison
said raw sewage was running down the street after Sunday's downpour after a
manhole cover outside Hillside Primary School was pushed open.

"If the storm had happened on a weekday afternoon we'd have schoolchildren
walking through sewage," he said.

"I'm just so frustrated. Every other day I'm on the phone to Anglian Water, they
must be tired of hearing from me. But we have to keep complaining. We're being
told that they've upgraded the pumps and changed this and that. If they've done
all that, why is it still happening. Why have we still got sewage coming out
onto Lord's Lane."

Bradwell's parish council has held meetings with Anglian Water where concerns
over the capacity of local pumping stations have been raised, as well worries
about the pressure new homes will put on the system.

Bosses from the utility firm have talked about installing a holding tank in the
village to take the pressure off the station in Morton Crescent and said it was
working with developer Persimmon to ensure the 850 new homes being built at the
Bradwell end of the new 1.8km link road will not cause problems for existing
residents.

A series of storms caused similar problems for residents living less than 10
miles away in the Flegg villages last summer, with some households badly
affected more than once.

This week, after successfully bidding for £50,000 funding from the Eastern
Regional Flood and Coastal Committee (RFCC), the county council revealed it
wouuld offer affected residents the opportunity to apply for up to £3,500 to
help protect their homes against future flooding.

The scheme will be delivered through the Norfolk Community Foundation, who have
also provided £10,000 from a private benefactor.

Toby Coke, chair of Norfolk County Council's environment, development and
transport committee, said: "Having published the reports about the reasons why
these areas were so affected by flooding, this funding will give affected home
owners the chance to apply for a grant to protect their homes from future
extreme rainfall.

"I'm sure the Committee will welcome the help this scheme will give to affected
householders in the county."

The cash grants should pay for protection measures including flood doors,
automatic airbrick covers, non-return water pipe valves, sealing up of external
entry points and other solutions suitable to individual circumstances. If a high
number of applications are received, grants will be awarded on a priority basis.


Branding the "inequality" of flood help a postcode lottery, Mr Rudrum in Belton
suggested drastic action could soon be needed in the southern villages.

"We all pay our water rates," he said.

"I probably shouldn't say this but maybe if people stopped paying their bills
someone could start taking notice. Nobody wants to go down that road but I can
see how frustrating it is for people."

Do you feel you are getting the support you need to protect against flooding?
Write to Letters, Great Yarmouth Mercury, 169 King Street, Yarmouth. NR30 2PA or
get involved in the debate on the Great Yarmouth Mercury Facebook page.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GYM


                    Copyright 2015 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 996 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 30, 2017 Thursday

Calhoun seeks water grant funds

BYLINE: John Mack, The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 670 words


March 30--Calhoun County is seeking Community Development Block Grant funds to
expand its water system.

Council approved a resolution Monday committing itself to paying 10 percent in
matching funds, or about $41,000, for the grant.

"The maximum you can request from CDBG grants is $10,000 per household,"
Assistant County Administrator Ted Felder said.

The county is seeking more than $413,000 to install waterlines for approximately
35 homes on Lady Ashley Drive off of Calhoun Road.

"This is just an application process," County Administrator Lee Prickett said.
"We don't know if we'll get it or not."

Part of the process will include the county taking a survey of the area's
residents to ensure they meet income guidelines and that the homes are in close
proximity to existing waterlines.

Felder said the survey could take several weeks to complete.

Also in the meeting:

--Council authorized Finance Director Denise Christmas to complete the purchase
of 150,000 gallons per day in wastewater capacity from the city of Cayce.

In 2013, the county agreed to purchase up to 300,000 gallons per day in sewage
treatment capacity from Cayce. Monday's decision brings the county up to the
full 300,000 gallons per day.

The county's contract expires on June 30, so it is looking to acquire the
remaining 150,000 gpd at $5.23 per gallon per day for a total cost of $784,500.

It is already in the budget for the year.

--Dr. Bill Molnar of the Lower Savannah Council of Governments updated council
on current projects and said they would begin developing a full comprehensive
strategy for the area.

--Reta Westbury reported on Calhoun County Cares, an organization that collects
donations of clothing, household items and furniture. The donated items are sold
at the John Ford Community Center.

"We give so much back to Calhoun County," Westbury said.

Last year, Calhoun County Cares raised $58,015.25 and received another $4,200 in
donations.

Councilman Ken Westbury said, "We're putting all that money back in the county."

Calhoun County Cares donates the money it earns to local citizens in need of
assistance.

This past Thanksgiving, it served more than 300 people at the John Ford
Community Center, helped 230 people in paying $150 toward their utility bills
and purchased Christmas gifts for 25 children.

Reta Westbury said the children gave them a wish list and Calhoun County Cares
purchased every item they wanted.

"We've done a lot and it just takes a little bit of effort for people just to
clean out their closets and bring us stuff because it sells," Westbury said. "It
is amazing how much the little things that we throw away can mean so much to not
only the county but to those people who receive it."

--Felder reported that the county will have a litter cleanup day on Saturday,
May 13, from 8 to 11 a.m.

There are four meeting locations: the St. John's Community Center, John Ford
Community Center, Sandy Run Government Center and the Fort Motte/Lone Star
Community Center.

All litter pick up supplies will be provided and a free t-shirt will be given
out to volunteers.

Councilman Westbury suggested re-branding the county's dump sites by calling
them "manned convenience centers" in an effort to get more people to use the
sites. He also suggested placing signs by the road with hours of operation.

--Council authorized Prickett seek bids for the painting of a Sandy Run water
tank. Prickett expects the project to cost roughly $30,000 to $35,000.

--Prickett suggested that council take a look at making changes in the building
permit costs. He said the current cost does not match the surrounding counties.

--Council scheduled a budget workshop for April 10.

--Council is holding off on third reading of an ordinance until a public hearing
can be held. The ordinance would adopt a wastewater pre-treatment program.

Contact the writer: jmack@timesanddemocrat.com or 803-533-5516.

___ (c)2017 The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) Visit The Times and
Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) at thetandd.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170330-GG-Calhoun-seeks-water-grant-funds-20170330

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2017 The Times and Democrat


                              542 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         New Castle News (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 27, 2016 Tuesday

Assistance program for water customers marks its 25th year

BYLINE: Renee Gendreau, New Castle News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 620 words


Dec. 27--Although she's a minister, the Rev. Bonny Rhodes never expected to find
angels at a utility company.

Living on a fixed income due to health issues that forced her to stop working,
the New Castle resident was starting to feel overwhelmed as the bills began to
pile up.

Then she heard about the Pennsylvania American Water's H2O Help to Others
program, offering qualified low-income customers grants to help pay bills and
discounts on service fees along with water-saving devices and education.

"It's a terrible feeling to have to ask for help when you've always worked and
paid your bills, and you want to keep paying those bills," said Rhodes who
receives a monthly discount on her water service fees.

"They were really nice and truly want to help those of us who are senior
citizens, handicapped or sick," she continued. "Twelve dollars a month may not
seem like much, but it can help you get a handle on life.

"I call them little miracle angels sent from God because what they do really
does help improve the quality of life, and I appreciate that," said Rhodes, who
also participates in other utilities' assistance programs.

Gary Lobaugh, external affairs manager with Pennsylvania American Water,
explained that his company voluntarily started H20 in 1991 as a counterpart to
the assistance programs offered by gas and electric companies, which are
mandated in Pennsylvania by the Public Utility Commission.

"We were the first water company in the country to do this and we remain one of
the few nationwide (offering assistance programs)," he continued, noting that in
its 25-year existence H20 has provided $3.8 million to disadvantaged families
across the state and helped almost 1,200 Lawrence County customers.

"Water is still where you get the most bang for your buck, costing about a penny
a gallon, but we're not immune to rising costs," Lobaugh said, adding that
increases are most often associated with maintaining infrastructure and safety
protocols.

Funded by Pennsylvania American Water as well as private donations, which are
matched by the utility, the H2O program is administered by the Dollar Energy
Fund, a non-profit agency overseeing utility assistance programs in Pennsylvania
as well as 11 other states.

Jody Robertson, director of communications for the Dollar Energy Fund, noted
that "Lawrence County is one of our more significant grant counties."

According to Robertson, in 2007, 37 Lawrence County families were helped by H20;
last year, the number grew to 108 households.

"The benefit of working with Dollar Energy is that it gets them into the system
and we can identify if they qualify for additional assistance from the other
utilities who are solid partners in the fund," Lobaugh explained.

Robertson added that the agency uses a holistic approach, also referring
clients, when needed, to food banks and other community-based assistance.

Patricia Lovelace, the Dollar Energy Fund's H20 program coordinator, explained
that customers needing help with their water bills should call the fund at (888)
282-6816. From there, an intake assessment based on household income will
determine a customer's eligibility for H20's three services including grants of
up to $500 per year, an 80 percent discount on monthly water service fees and
water-saving devices.

Among the devices offered through H20 are low-flow shower heads, dye tablets for
use in detecting toilet tank leaks and displacement bags, which allow for less
water usage with each flush. In some cases, help with minor plumbing repairs may
be available.

(Email: rgendreau@ncnewsonline.com)

___ (c)2016 New Castle News (New Castle, Pa.) Visit New Castle News (New Castle,
Pa.) at www.ncnewsonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161227-NP-Assistance-program-for-water
-customers-marks-its-25th-year-1227-20161227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NP


                         Copyright 2016 New Castle News


                              543 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 2, 2009 Friday

BRIEF: Stimulus funds extend Prentiss County sewer project

BYLINE: Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 209 words


Oct. 2--WHEELER -- An award of more than $2 million will enable Prentiss County
to almost double the number of households with sewer service in the Wheeler
community.

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality announced this week that
Prentiss County would receive a stimulus grant of $1.75 million, to be combined
with a low-interest Water Pollution Control Revolving Loan of $309,000, to fund
phase 2 of a sewer project that is nearing completion for about 120 household
hookups. The additional funding will add another 110 to 115 sewer connections.

Supervisor Mike Kesler said the county will begin advertising for bids on Oct.
30, with bid opening to be held Nov. 28. If all goes as planned, a notice to
proceed would be issued Jan. 28, 2010, with construction to be completed by Aug.
26.

To see more of the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.djournal.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091002-TP-BRF-Stimulus-funds-extend-Prentiss-County-sewer-project-1002

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2009 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              544 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Kent and Sussex Courier

                              June 23, 2006 Friday

Eco-friendly home

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 938 words


Warning bells are alerting us to shortages of natural resources as essential to
life as water. But there are plenty of practical ways to make our homes more
eco-friendly. Most measures will cost money but in the end they can save us
pounds as well as save the planet

CURRENT panic about a water shortage this year only fuels the argument that we
need to be more careful with our increasingly scarce natural resources.

A recent report by British Gas said that as our homes produce about 30 per cent
of the UK's CO2 emissions that are contributing to climate change it was crucial
to accept that sustainable homes are essential in the battle to slow the effects
of global warming.

In March, Chancellor Gordon Brown announced £1 billion of funding for
environmental research and other measures to boost energy-efficiency in homes.

Going green and  a sustainable home can save money. So, rapidly rising energy
prices - as well as melting icebergs and water shortages - may also be an
incentive to ensuring your home is as efficient as possible in the future.

According to the Environment Agency, using rain water for garden watering,
flushing and washing machines can save up to 50 per cent of household water use
and by using grey water we could save 18,000 litres per person a year - a third
of daily household water use. There are also plans afoot to require all new
homes to be built with dual plumbing systems, which use recycled water for
flushing and gardening.

Newbuild eco-homes are the focus of many of the new eco-regulations and the
larger building companies are now experimenting with eco-estates where houses
are fitted with all the energy saving green devices.

Government plans to help homeowners become more green include smart meters to
highlight energy use day-to-day and the expansion of energy-efficiency labelling
to all domestic appliances, not just white goods. Grants are  available, but
some eco-investments to your home may take years to recoup.

To go a green step further, here are some ways to reduce the toll on the energy
we use on our basic lighting and heating needs.

Insulation

Stop the loss of 80 per cent of heat through the walls and loft by insulating
them.

An investment of about £130 for a three-bedroom semi could be recouped within a
year. Insulate the hot water tank with a jacket for about £5 and recoup it in
four months.

Double-glazing cuts heat loss through windows by half but the saving takes
longer to recoup. Insulation may be covered by grants and the potential saving
is 20 per cent on energy bills.

Lighting

Energy saving bulbs can slash the wattage used to light the house. It takes
4,000 watts  to light a typical home fitted with halogen lights, but only 300
watts with energy saving bulbs. A 20w energy saving bulb is equivalent to a 100w
bulb and the bulbs are long life. Bulbs cost about £3 each.

Buy your electricity from a supplier that gets the energy from a renewable
source such as a wind farm or hydroelectric scheme. It will cost about a pound
per week. Switching to an eco-supplier is easy online.

Appliances

Check white goods are low energy, especially the fridge which runs 24 hours, and
buy a washing machine and dishwasher with low water consumption.

Replace the gas fire with a flueless one. Flueless models convert 100 per cent,
as opposed to about 10 per cent of the gas to heat to drastically cut heating
bills.

Harvesting rainwater

Use a grey water system to save water. Collect water from the roof with a
harvester and pump it around the house to be used in the WC, in washing machines
and on the garden. Not to be used for drinking water.

Conserve water cheaply with a water butt for use on the garden.

Cut water and heating bills with an aerating showerhead, which mixes air with
the hot water. Water pressure is not affected.

Upgrade the lavatory with a water saving handle, which flushes only when the
handle is held down to reduce water usage.  Install a meter to encourage water
economy.

Wind turbine

A wind turbine should produce enough electricity to consistently light your
house.

Check you can use one, especially if in a conservation area.  A basic turbine
costs around £2,000 while a luxury model costs around £8,000.

Solar energy

A solar energy system uses the free heat from the sun. Solar thermal collector
roof panels can provide up to 70 per cent of your hot water. A photovoltaic tile
system converts the sun's rays into electricity. Panels cost from £4,800 and a
photovolaic system from £8,000, with grants available through the Energy Savings
Trust.

Geothermal

The temperature underground is at a constant 10-12C and this can be used to warm
water and floors for the increasingly popular underfloor heating. The
disadvantage is that the geothermal pipes have to be laid 300ft underground.

An heat exchanger is used to raise the temperature to 40C. A pump, (similar to
the technology used in a fridge, so uses energy) brings the water up and into
the home.

Alternatively, horizontal pipes, laid 3ft beneath the ground and linked to solar
panels can be used to heat the water running through them by harnessing the
sun's energy and then used in the home. Systems can cost  £20,000.

A water wheel

If you have a stream in your garden or near the house use it to make your own
electricity. Divert the water with a pipe, fit a modern water wheel connected to
a generator and enjoy your own cheap electricity. System costs depend on the
steepness of the gradient between water source and house. A deep garden pond can
also be used.

Before going ahead

Check your chosen contractor is not a green cowboy.

The Centre for Alternative Technology in Wales gives advice (www.cat.org.uk).

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Kent and Sussex Courier
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 9, 2014 Monday

Aldermen expected to appoint new manager, approve budget

BYLINE: Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 642 words


June 09--The New Bern Board of Aldermen is expected to formalize the appointment
of Mark Stephens as the new city manager at its Tuesday meeting at 7 p.m. in
City Hall.

If appointed, Stephens will take the oath of office. His duties will officially
begin the following day. However, he has carried out those duties as interim
city manager since former city manager Mike Epperson left the job vacant at the
end of December.

The board also will consider a resolution to approve Stephens' employment
agreement with the city, which gives him a base salary of $140,000 and benefits.

Aldermen also will consider adopting the fiscal year 2014-15 city budget. A
public hearing was held on the budget May 27, and the public was invited to
speak during budget work sessions.

Aldermen will consider an amendment to the initial phase of an Advanced Metering
Infrastructure/Demand Side Management System that was established Nov. 8, 2011.
The system allows electric and water meters to be read through a two-way
communication system. The initial phase was at a cost of $450,000, and in
January 2013, the board approved an amendment in the amount of $500,000, which
brought the total project to $950,000.

It is requested that $2,500,000 be added to the project to complete the second
phase. If approved, the total cost of the project will be $3,450,000.

The second phase includes installation of 5,000 electric meters, 5,000 water
meters and 1,000 load-management devices.

A resolution also will be needed to pay for completion of the second phase of
the project borrowing, which allows the city to pay itself back for items paid
prior to obtaining financing, according to staff reports.

In other business, Lou Cannon, a partner with McGladrey LLP, will provide a
framework for the city audit, identify his firm's responsibilities, and provide
an overview of the scope and timing of the audit.

A public hearing will be conducted on a proposed amendment to a 2011 Community
Development Block Grant.

The city was previously awarded a 2011 CDBG Infrastructure Hook-Up Grant in the
amount of $75,000 that will be used to connect 12 households to the city's
existing sewer system. Of those 12 households, three were later determined to be
ineligible and another one decided not to participate.

Since then, staff has learned of a homeowner located at 2203 Country Club Road
who is experiencing septic system problems. Staff has confirmed this homeowner
is eligible for the grant funds.

Another public hearing will be conducted to approve a submission of application
for the 2014 Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant (JAG) Program.

The Police Department plans to apply for $15,540 federally funded grant. If
awarded, the funds will be used to purchase two police multi-purpose canines and
obtain training, equipment and supplies for the dogs. There are no matching
funds required from the city, according to staff reports.

The board also will consider a rezoning from residential R-10 to commercial C-3
at 4414 U.S. 17 South that was tabled at the board's May 27 meeting. Scholl LLC
requested the rezoning of the 0.43-acre of cleared, vacant land. The surrounding
area contains a mix of R-10, R-20 and C-3 zoned properties. The intent of the
C-3 zone is to allow for offices, personal services and the retailing of durable
and convenience goods.

The board will consider establishing electric rates effective July 1 with no
plans of increasing the rates.

House Bill 998 requires municipalities to state the electric rates that will be
effective beginning July 1, 2014. The Electric Rate Ordinance has been updated
to reflect a change in the effective date only. The ordinance does not contain
any rate increases, according to staff.

___ (c)2014 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140609-NS-Aldermen-expected-to-appoint-new-manager-approve-budget-0609-2014060
9

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2014 Sun Journal


                              546 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Khaama Press

                            January 24, 2016 Sunday

Afghanistan signs grant agreements worth $128 million with World Bank

LENGTH: 575 words

DATELINE: Afghanistan


Afghanistan, Jan. 24 -- Two grant agreements worth $128 million were signed
between the Ministry of Finance of Afghanistan and the World Bank, covering two
key sectors - Farm Water Management Project and Hydropower Rehabilitation
Project.

The Ministry of Finance in a statement said $45 million of the funds has been
allocated as "additional grant to the ongoing On Farm Water Management Project
(OFWMP). OFWMP will continue to support efforts to improve agricultural
productivity by enhancing the efficiency of water use through the rehabilitation
of small-scale irrigation schemes, and helping farmers adopt new agricultural
practices."

The remaining $83 million of the grant has been allocated to finance the Naghlu
Hydropower Rehabilitation Project (NHRP), which aims to improve dam safety and
to increase the supply of electricity at the Naghlu Hydropower Plant.

According to Finance Ministry the project will help enhance the reliability of
the electric power system and benefit both households and industries, thereby
stimulating economic development and growth.

"Both these projects outline the government's position to improve on water usage
in Afghanistan and utilize them for the economic and social development of the
Afghan people," said HE Eklil Hakimi, Finance Minister of the Islamic Republic
of Afghanistan."They are also intended to improve irrigation, improve access to
electricity, boost jobs creation and provide more opportunities for employment
in the agriculture sector in rural areas. In this context, the Afghan government
values its partnership with the World Bank and our international partners
contributing generously to the ARTF; we look forward to continued cooperation in
the various sectors in the years ahead to boost economic development in
Afghanistan."

Robert Saum, World Bank Country Director for Afghanistan, said "As the country
continues to overcome challenges of fragility and conflict, both projects will
help create job opportunities, foster economic prospects,and provide for better
social cohesion and stability."

Being the Afghanistan Reconstruction Trust Fund (ARTF) Administrator, the World
Bank and ARTF have implemented four projects and conducted multiple
well-received sector development studies to improve the power sector since 2001.

This allowed for significant progress in addressing the physical as well as
institutional challenges of the sector, the Finance Ministry, said adding that
the Naghlu Hydropower Rehabilitation Project is expected to help enhance the
reliability of the electric power system and benefit both households and
industries, stimulating economic development and growth. The local population is
also expected to benefit from employment opportunities during the project repair
and rehabilitation phase. The project will also help mitigate climate change as
it increases available power from Naghlu, which as a hydropower plant emits
close to zero greenhouse gas emissions.

The overall responsibility for the implementation of theNaghlu Hydropower
Rehabilitation Project will rest with the Afghanistan's power utility, Da
Afghanistan Breshna Sherkat (DABS). The Ministry of Agriculture, Irrigation and
Livestock (MAIL) will continue to implement the On Farm Water Management
Project.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Khaama Press. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                          Copyright 2016 Khaama Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Newcastle Herald (Australia)

                              July 19, 2010 Monday
                                 First Edition

Lighter touch for landfill;
RISE Together Today The Herald is a proud supporter of Together Today

BYLINE: STEPHEN WILLIAMS

SECTION: RISE; Pg. 61

LENGTH: 551 words


LAKE Macquarie City Council has established permanent e-waste, household battery
and fluorescent light globe drop-off stations. E-waste (TVs, VCRs, microwaves,
computers, hand-held electronic items, mobile phones) can now be left at the
Awaba tip free of charge (Lake Macquarie residents only, no whitegoods).
Household batteries (not car batteries) and fluorescent globes (unbroken) can be
left at the council administration building, and Toronto, Morisset, Charlestown
and Swansea libraries. The council is also promoting bicycle riding in a big
way, and wants residents to nominate areas for new bicycle racks.

Free rider training sessions are also being organised for most weekends between
August and October. For more information about these council programs phone 4921
0333 or visit lakemac.com.au. Flushing money away IF you have a single-flush
toilet and want to install a dual-flush unit to save water (and therefore
money), Hunter Water and the NSW government have a deal for you. Hunter Water
has contracted plumbing firm Mullane Plumbing to install the loos at a discount,
taking the potential saving up to $350 (there is a $200 rebate). There are four
models of toilet to choose from, with the cheapest leaving the householder $108
out of pocket after the discounts. That's the fully installed price. For a
better toilet with ceramic bowl and ceramic cistern, you'll be $261 out of
pocket. The reason for the new program is to increase water efficiency, with a
potential water saving of 36 million litres of drinking water a year across the
Lower Hunter. About 30,000 Lower Hunter homes have single-flush toilets. Visit
hunterwater.com.au or phone 1300 657 657. Water Minister Phil Costa says
changing to a dual-flush unit can potentially save a household $40 a year. Green
Start program THE ill-fated federal Green Loans program is to be phased out over
the coming months to become the Green Start program. Under Green Loans,
households could get a free home energy and water assessment done, with
recommendations on how to improve efficiency. You were then able to apply for an
interest-free loan to fund the recommendations. The loans aspect of the program
was discontinued in March and will not be returning. However the free home
assessment aspect will continue. The main changes to the program will not affect
households, having more to do with the administration of the scheme. Green Loans
proved to be popular, with more than 340,000 home assessments completed since
July 2009. It would appear a lot of people want to do their bit for the
environment, and save money in the process. Visit climatechange.gov.au or phone
1800 895 076 to book an assessment. Landcare finds the web LAKE Macquarie
Landcare now has its own website, to be found at lakemacquarielandcare.org.
There you will find lots of information about upcoming Landcare events, how to
tackle weeds and plant natives. You can find out where your nearest Landcare
group is, make new friends and have fun. Caring for Country APPLICATIONS are now
open for the next round of the federal government's Caring for Country community
action grants. Grants of between $5000 and $20,000 are available for community
groups that work to protect the natural environment. Applications close on
August 31. Visit nrm.gov.au for more details.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS: HEAVY METAL: E-waste like old TVs contain toxic components
that are best recycled by experts. Leave e-waste at designated drop-off points.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Newcastle Newspapers Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Fairfield Advance (Australia)

                           February 3, 2010 Wednesday
                             1 - Main Book Edition

Flush without excess: Grants boost for toilets and hot-water systems

BYLINE: TORIN CHEN

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 385  words


FAIRFIELD residents who install hot water circulators and dual-flush toilets
will be rewarded by the State Government.

The government has announced a $73 million boost to the $100 million NSW Home
Saver Rebates program. Under the new program, every home is eligible for up to
$1500 of rebates.

That includes $150 for the installation of a regulated or on-demand hot water
circulator unit.

Instant gas hot water systems can waste up to 17,000 litres of water yearly in
the average home.

A hot water circulator saves water by recirculating the cold water sitting in
the hot water pipe back to the water heating system for use.

Residents who use a new four-star dual-flush toilet to replace single flush
toilets will get a $200 rebate. Single-flush toilets are one of the biggest
users of water in homes, using 12 litres of water with every flush. Switching to
a dual-flush toilet can reduce this by up to 75 per cent and save 25,000 litres
of water a year.

Several other rebates are available under the extended program.

They include up to $1500 for rainwater tanks which are connected to a washing
machine and toilet, and $150 for a five-star water-efficient washing machine.

Rebates of $300 are also available to replace an electric hot water system with
solar, heat pump and five-star gas hot water systems.

The Federal Government offers up to $1600 to install a solar hot water system or
$1000 for a heat pump system.

NSW households have invested more than $375 million in water and energy
upgrades, backed by more than 200,000 Home Saver Rebates since July 2007,
Climate Change and the Environment Minister Frank Sartor said.

``That has already resulted in combined annual savings of 2.9 billion litres of
drinking water, 215,000 tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions and $21 million in
household water and electricity bills,'' Mr Sartor said.

``It has also boosted the creation of green jobs and supported NSW manufacturers
of energy and water efficient products.''

He said the restructured program was aimed at ensuring as many households as
possible could take advantage of the additional $75 million, including residents
in apartments, townhouses and other multi-unit dwellings.

By June 2011, the rebate program is expected to save four billion litres of
water, or 1600 Olympic sized swimming pools.

Details: 1300 361 967.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: FAG


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 25, 2010 Thursday

Water system gets grant

BYLINE: Kari Lucin, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 402 words


Feb. 25--JEFFERS -- Safe drinking water will be provided to 125 connections,
mostly residences, in Jackson, Cottonwood and Murray counties, thanks to a
$819,000 grant and a $1,768,000 loan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to
Red Rock Rural Water System.

"It'll give them an opportunity to access good quality and quantity of water,
which many of these people do not have," said Dominic Jones, manager of the Red
Rock Rural Water System.

"In their locations in the rural areas, they often have to deal with a high
hardness level of water, high sulfate levels and maybe contaminated water
supplies."

In order to apply for the grant and loan money, Red Rock began with a
preliminary engineering report and an environmental review, as well as the
commitment to the project of the 125 people. The application was sent in May
2009, and Red Rock will offer the projects, which have already been designed, as
soon as it can.

Jones hopes the project will be complete by the end of 2010.

About 50 connections will be made in Cottonwood County, 40 in Jackson County and
30 in Murray County, with a few more scattered throughout Red Rock's system in
other counties, including Brown and Lyon counties. Some of the connections will
use the water for livestock.

Without the $819,000 grant, each hookup would cost about $18,000. With it, each
person will pay only $12,000, which will pay back the $1,768,000 in USDA loan
money to the federal government.

The grant-to-loan ratio is based on median household incomes in the area, which
is determined by USDA Rural Development, Jones explained. About 31 percent of
the $2.6 million project will be paid for by the government via the grant.

"We're actually hoping to have a bid opening within two months," Jones said.
"Our plans and specifications are complete. We wanted this project to be funded
earlier, but with the backlog of applicants, it wasn't to be."

Jones thanked Minnesota legislators for their help with the project, as well as
the USDA for its support.

To see more of The Daily Globe, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dglobe.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100225-QG-Water-system-gets-grant-0225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2010 The Daily Globe


                              550 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Dothan Eagle (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 21, 2008 Friday

Dale County gets funding for water system repair

BYLINE: Ebony Horton, Dothan Eagle, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Nov. 21--Three times was the charm for a county in dire need of funding to help
with water problems affecting more than 300 residents.

Nearly $800,000 in Community Development Block Grants was awarded to Dale County
for a water system extension on portions of County Roads 14 and 21 and Alabama
Highway 27. A total of $394,220will go toward replacing deteriorating water
lines in Napier Field with longer-lasting PVC pipes and relocating the water
mains underneath public streets, according to the Alabama Department of Economic
and Community Affairs.

Dale County residents who will benefit from the grant relied on shallow, private
wells for years, according to ADECA, and the cast-iron water lines constructed
in the early 1940s when the town was an Army base are leaky and corroded,
leading to inadequate water pressure and a 20 percent water loss.

Steve Stevens, board chairman of the Dale County Water Authority, said the
county had applied for the grant three times before being accepted. There were
complaints the water was contaminated with coliform bacteria.

"But we never quit. We kept on looking, and this should bring about 40 new
households on the system," he said.

The grants will also allow for new fire hydrants to be installed.

Napier Field Mayor Greg Ballard could not be reached for comment.

To see more of The Dothan Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dothaneagle.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Dothan Eagle, Ala. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081121-DO-Dale-County-gets-funding-for-water-system-repair-1121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DO


                        Copyright 2008 The Dothan Eagle


                              551 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           November 27, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Decade later, water lines still a dream

BYLINE: Farzad Mashhood fmashhood@statesman.com American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 669 words


A couple of times a week, Ira Parker drives about 5 miles to get water for his
home.

The lines on Saturdays are the worst, he says, as the standpipe along U.S. 183
is open only from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday and many who rely on
the pipe for their water are working during the week.

Parker is one of dozens of residents in Las Lomitas near the southern tip of
Travis County, a subdivision built a decade ago without water lines for the 15
10-acre lots.

Neighbors are hoping grant money from the federal government - about $480,000 -
will give them what virtually every other homeowner has.

But for the past decade and for the near future, the residents rely on trucking
in their own water, a thousand gallons at a time.

"It's been kinda rough, you know, not having running water, but we've been
making it out here. We do have to haul water, and we got used to it," Parker,
65, said.

Travis County operates the standpipe used by residents at an old satellite
office along the highway south of Austin-Bergstrom International Airport.

Officials considered shutting it down last year citing a variety of concerns:
liability, the county not being licensed to sell drinking water and no one
monitoring the site.

The county used to have such standpipes at satellite offices in each precinct
for use by rural residents.

The one at the Precinct 4 office is the last one open, officials have said.

Residents fought hard to keep the standpipe - their only source of cheap,
reliable water.

The commissioners agreed to keep it open but in December 2011 decided to pay
someone $42,390 a year in salary and benefits to tend to the standpipe at the
satellite office and make sure users pay $2.50 per 1,000 gallons for the water.

Payment was previously on the honor system.

From October 2011 to September 2012, the most recent 12 months for which data
from the county was available, Travis County sold 2.7 million gallons of water
at the site, or enough water for 25 average households.

"When they were talking about getting that shut down it got scary, because with
no water, you get shut down," Parker said.

To build the water lines, neighbors are trying to raise funds on their own by
having neighborhood garage sales and selling tickets to barbecue lunches, said
Ileana Riojas, a spokeswoman for the neighborhood.

Their fundraising is just a small piece of the $480,000 that officials estimate
it will cost to build water lines to the lots.

Still, the neighborhood is hopeful that the funding will come through
eventually, Riojas said.

The roughly 30 households who live in the neighborhood are not particularly
isolated: the subdivision is across from a neighborhood of dozens of mobile
homes that are connected to running water.

The neighborhood has yet to finish being surveyed to see if it qualifies to
receive money from the Community Development Block Grant program, administered
by Travis County but funded by the federal government.

Las Lomitas is listed as one of the alternate projects for this coming year.

If the surveys show it is eligible for the federal money, it can get any funds
left over from other programs this year, said Christy Moffett, who heads the
block grant program for the county.

"There's no guarantee of getting funding, and the neighborhood knows that,"
Moffett said.

And after this budget year, which ends in September 2013, if the neighborhood
qualifies, it can try to get the funding again, this time as one of the target
projects guaranteed money.

Contact Farzad Mashhood at 445-3972. Twitter: @fmashhood

FEDERAL BLOCK GRANT DISTRIBUTION
 Distribution of federally funded block grants for this year:
 * Improving substandard roads in Lake Oak Estates of RM 620 near Lake Travis:
$326,598
 * Home rehabilitation in Webberville and parts of unincorporated Travis
County: $256,024
 * Paying for additional workers in the county's social services program:
$106,000
 * Pay for counseling to help 35 people find housing: $25,451
 * Administration of the program, including salaries for two staff members:
$179,268



LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                             August 10, 2015 Monday

$450,000 debt wiped for hard-up water consumers

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 436 words


More than $450,000 of hardship relief in water bills has been granted in the
three years since radical changes to the way Aucklanders pay for water.

A trust set up by Watercare Services, before the introduction of monthly billing
and controversial volumetric charges for wastewater, has written off debt for
403 households with a further 35 pending.

They completed an application process which involves household budget advisers
and trust members reviewing personal finances.

Agreement to a payment arrangement may lead to some of the debt being wiped.

"They are awesome," said Otahuhu Home Budgeting Service manager Lesley Matia.

"We have a lot of applications and nine times out of 10 they waive the debt."

However, she said advisers checked finances and applicants had to show they were
not abusing the system.

Although one client had $900 in arrears, arrangements were made to pay the
monthly bill for three months before part of the original debt could be wiped.

Budget advisers say water bills come to their attention when they pile up on
other household costs such as electricity, loan repayments, rent or Auckland
Council rates.

Watercare raised water and wastewater prices for households from July 1, 2012
and 2014. From July 1, 2015, it announced an average rise of 2.5 per cent, or
about $1.75 a month extra for the average household.

The average monthly household water and wastewater bill was $67.55 for the
period July 1, 2013, to June 30, 2014.

Watercare has 416,000 supply connections.

Water Utility Consumer Assistance Trust chairman John Lusk said that given the
number of customers, it had expected more applications but these had ranged from
184 to 123 and last year"s 154.

"The grants are for amounts around $350 but for people who are struggling to
meet their living costs, every little bit counts."

Mr Lusk said the chance of a debt being written off depended on circumstances
and a commitment to pay monthly bills. Mr Lusk said applicants were given advice
on how to reduce their use of water and testing for leaks.

Watercare received 11,334 applications last year for a leak allowance on their
metered use after they had fixed leaks.

Rebates amounted to $4.9 million.

Councillor Dr Cathy Casey said she was disappointed and concerned at the lack of
uptake of the trust"s relief.

Mr Lusk said that while in-depth consideration continued to be given to ways of
increasing customer awareness of the trust, the trustees believed that customers
in hardship circumstances become aware of the assistance offered by the trust
through the Watercare debtor administration process once they were in arrears
with payments.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                          September 2, 2009 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Making your own energy made easier with new rules;
Relaxation in planning laws for residents

BYLINE: David Williamson

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 912 words


MANY households throughout Wales no longer have to seek planning permission if
they want to install solar panels to generate their own electricity.

The Assembly Government hopes that by cutting red tape, more people will harness
renewable energy to power their homes, leading to Wales' carbon emissions
falling.

Equipment which comes under the new rules, which came into force yesterday,
includes small-scale solar panels, ground source heat pumps and biomass flues.

It comes as research by the Energy Saving Trust suggests there is a growing
willingness in Wales to support micro-generation.

It found a third (34%) of Welsh respondents said they would be willing to pay
more for a home where some of their power supply came from renewable resources
such as wind, solar or hydropower. Almost half of those surveyed (47%) said they
would like to know whether their home was suitable for renewable energy.

But the research also found nearly two thirds (62%) of people found the price of
renewable energy put them off investing in the technology.

Environmental groups welcomed the change in regulations which will mean that
planning fees will no longer be required. There was concern, however, that wind
energy is not covered, that the costs associated with installations remain
prohibitive for many, and that the priority should be reducing energy
consumption. Alex Randall of the Centre for Alternative Technology in
Machynlleth said: "A point worth making is that we always encourage people to
think about micro-generation in their own home after they have been through a
long checklist of other things. It's far better to reduce energy use than it is
to generate more energy - it's easier and cheaper."

Mr Randall said people who did have cash to invest in changes to their home
should spend it on insulation.

He said: "The cost payback is quicker and the amount of carbon dioxide they will
save is greater. Do those things first and then think about micro-generation."

Gordon James of Friends of the Earth Cymru was glad to see the relaxation of
rules but added: "The disappointment is wind energy isn't included."

He argued that small turbines would not cause noise problems if there was a rule
ensuring an adequate distance was required from any neighbouring house.

"One of the biggest barriers is the economic factor," he said. "We would like to
see better grants available to do this. The threat of climate change is so
severe we really need bold measures enabling people to cut their carbon
emissions."

Environment Minister Jane Davidson said: "A key part to tackling climate change
will be lessening our reliance on carbon based energy. This is where
micro-generation has a major role to play. It gives households the opportunity
to produce their own clean, green energy. Here in Wales, we have a large share
of off gas-grid homes where micro-generation could provide an alternative.

"We want these new rules to encourage people to consider micro-generation and
make it easier for them begin producing their own energy."

Helen Northmore, head of the Energy Saving Trust in Wales, said: "It seems the
Welsh are willing to pay more for a home with a renewable energy source so
investing in a solar panel or a wind turbine could add to the resale value of a
property and could be as attractive to househunters as a new kitchen or solid
wood floors."

Householders will still have to consult their local planning authority if their
home is in a conservation area or a world heritage site, as different rules
apply in these areas.

Those whose house is a building listed for its historic or architectural
interest will also need to make inquiries before modifying the property.

The Assembly Government advises households to reduce energy consumption - for
example, not leaving devices on standby - before considering micro-generation.

It also encourages insulation of lofts and walls.

Your vote: page 18 more Capturing solar energy - the two methods households
could use There are two ways to capture solar energy for use in the home.

You can either install a solar water heating system or a full-blown solar
electricity system.

Solar water heating systems cost between pounds 3,000 and pounds 5,000 and
typically save around pounds 50 a year when replacing gas.

Typical solar electricity systems cost between pounds 8,000 and pounds 14,000
and can save around pounds 200 a year. Investing in both together can save a
household around pounds 250 a year off bills.

You can apply for a grant of up to pounds 2,500 per property towards the cost of
micro-generation technologies including: solar hot water and electricity (solar
photovoltaic) wind turbines small-scale water turbines ground source heat pumps
wood-fuelled boilers (biomass) Grants are available through the Government's Low
Carbon Buildings Programme, administered by the Carbon Savings Trust.

A ground source heat pump typically costs between pounds 7,000 to pounds 13,000
to install. Annual running costs are likely to be around pounds 650 per year,
saving up to pounds 160 on the cost of an oil-fired central heating system.

If you decide to go for wood-fuelled heating, a standalone stove will cost
around pounds 3,000 to buy and install.

This could reduce carbon emissions by 9.6 tonnes if it replaces a coal-fired
system.

It is unlikely to be cheaper to run than a gas-based heating system, but could
save up to pounds 410 per year on the cost of an electrically-powered system.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  ENERGY SAVER: Installing solar panels could now become simpler, with
less red tape

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Nottingham Evening Post

                             August 1, 2008 Friday

Some energy alternatives

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 211 words


Solar water heating panels can provide the average household's hot water needs
for up to five months of the year. The cost for the average house ranges from
£2,000 to £4,000. But a conventional water heating system, such as a gas, oil or
wood-fired boiler will be needed for when it is not sunny.

Small wind turbines, costing a few hundred pounds, are designed to charge up a
12 volt battery in a boat or caravan.

To generate enough power to make a worthwhile contribution to a household, a
much larger turbine, like the one pictured left is ideal, probably with a rotor
up to three metres across.

The cheapest can only be mounted on a roof but this is not always the best place
to catch the wind.

An installation, including a tower, can cost between £5,000 and £10,000. Grants
are available which may cover up to 30% of this cost.

Wood-fuelled boilers can be cheaper to use than gas or oil - and grants are
often available to those who install them.

A log boiler will cost about £4,000 with a water storage tank at roughly £1,000.
With installation, the total set up will roughly £7,000.

A 15kg bag of pellets costs between £3 to £4. The price will be cheaper with a
bulk delivery.

For more alternatives visit the Centre for Alternative Technology's website at
www.cat.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 48


                     Copyright 2008 Nottingham Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Nottingham Evening Post

                             August 1, 2008 Friday

Some energy alternatives

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 212 words


Solar water heating panels can provide the average household's hot water needs
for up to five months of the year. The cost for the average house ranges from
£2,000 to £4,000. But a conventional water heating system, such as a gas, oil or
wood-fired boiler will be needed for when it is not sunny.

Small wind turbines, costing a few hundred pounds, are designed to charge up a
12 volt battery in a boat or caravan.

To generate enough power to make a worthwhile contribution to a household, a
much larger turbine, like the one pictured left is ideal, probably with a rotor
up to three metres across.

The cheapest can only be mounted on a roof but this is not always the best place
to catch the wind.

An installation, including a tower, can cost between £5,000 and £10,000. Grants
are available which may cover up to 30% of this cost.

Wood-fuelled boilers can be cheaper to use than gas or oil - and grants are
often available to those who install them.

A log boiler will cost about £4,000 with a water storage tank at roughly £1,000.
With installation, the total set up will roughly £7,000.

A 15kg bag of pellets costs between £3 to £4. The price will be cheaper with a
bulk delivery.

For more alternatives visit the Centre for Alternative Technology's website at
http://www.cat.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 48


                     Copyright 2008 Nottingham Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Newcastle Herald (Australia)

                             May 26, 2007 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Power play;
FEATURE

BYLINE: Greg Ray

SECTION: H2; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1615 words


ADVANCES in solar power technology suggest it may be only another decade or so
before a typical household can afford a silent, non-polluting rooftop power
station to substantially replace dependency on the coal-fired grid.

Technology now available has already made this goal achievable, but the price is
still relatively high.

A typical suburban household in the Hunter consumes about 7200 kilowatt hours
per year, compared to the national average consumption of 6500 kWh pa.

With the latest Federal Government rebate taken into account, it would cost
about $47,000 to buy and install a solar system capable of supplying that much
power.

The good news, though, is that it costs much less to install a small system to
replace part of a household's reliance on coal power. Such a system can be
designed to be expanded over time.

A system capable of supplying just over 1500 kWh pa will cost, with all rebates
allowed for, about $8500.

Warners Bay company Solar Online Australia specialises in solar power plants and
although it mainly does commercial and industrial work, it has installed a
considerable number of domestic systems, ranging from a small supplementary
power supply to a major plant capable of making a large house completely
independent of the coal-fired power grid.

Company founder Brett Sutherland said there were three types of solar power
systems generally available to households.

The first was a completely self-sufficient system, most appropriate for remote
areas. This relied on high-capacity wet batteries to maintain supply through
night and periods of low light.

The second was the "grid-feed" system most commonly bought by suburban and city
householders. This system used solar cells to supplement normal grid supply and
it could export surplus power back to the grid during periods when power usage
in the home was low.

The third was the same as the second, with back-up batteries added to make the
house "blackout proof". The batteries used were low-maintenance dry cells
designed to keep the house running through a grid failure of one or two days
duration.

Sutherland said he had been getting a lot of inquiries since the federal budget.

"People are starting to realise how far the technology has progressed," he said.
"A lot of people are very interested in doing something practical for the
environment and naturally they want to take advantage of the Government grants.

"The first thing people have to understand is that these systems for the most
part are not going to mean no more power bills, but once we sit down with people
we can explain exactly what can be achieved and we can give a lot of advice
about how to reduce home power consumption."

Sutherland said it was useful for people to analyse their power bills to find
out exactly how much electricity they were using. Then they could consider ways
of cutting power use, for example by switching to lower-consumption light
fittings, moving to solar hot water, switching off swimming pool pumps and
buying more efficient refrigerators.

"A lot of people have installed DC downlights in recent years and they probably
think they are saving power. In most cases they'd be a lot better off switching
to low-energy AC fittings and there are some very good ones now appearing on the
market," he said.

While he welcomed the government grants, Sutherland said much more could be done
to encourage people to reduce their reliance on the grid.

In Germany, for example, the government decided to tackle greenhouse gas
production by requiring power suppliers to pay a high premium for solar power
exported into the grid by home and even commercial users.

This created a big incentive to install solar systems since the capital cost of
buying them was able to be repaid within about five years.

It also created an incentive for people with solar systems to minimise their own
power consumption so they could sell as much as possible into the national grid.
The system was funded by small levies on all power bills.

The result was a massive surge in the manufacture and installation of solar
cells and panels in Germany. The initiatives have been credited with creating an
industry that now employs 40,000 people.

It is estimated that nearly half the solar power generated in the world today is
generated in Germany as a direct result of the laws.

The genius of the German system is that it isn't linked to any budget, but is
financed by a small levy on the power bills of all electricity consumers.

German leaders readily admit their cloudy cold country can't compete in the long
term with sunny nations in the solar energy stakes, but they hope their massive
head start in solar technology and know-how will put them in the box seat for
export profits in the future.

While Australia does not seem likely to follow Germany's lead in the near
future, there are some positive signs, apart from the generous government
grants.

Origin Energy pays the peak supply rate for solar power it buys from domestic
generators. EnergyAustralia is soon to introduce a new scale of prices at which
it will buy excess solar power generated by households.

An EnergyAustralia representative said the highest price (about 23 cents per
kWh) would be paid for power exported into the grid between 2pm and 8pm. There
would be a shoulder rate of about 10 cents, while the non-peak rate would be
five or six cents.

URBAN and suburban householders who invest in solar power generating cells for
their homes don't do it for the money. But those who buy solar hot water systems
might.

Spending anywhere from $8000 to $20,000 for a moderate-sized solar power plant
on your roof might only save a few hundred dollars a year, making the investment
questionable for all but those who consider the environment as part of the
equation.

On the other hand, hot water is the biggest single component of most household
power bills, and directly attacking this source of cost makes good sense for
most people.

Solar hot water systems are reliable and, like solar power cells, they are
getting better all the time.

There are several different types on the market, but among the most efficient
are evacuated glass tube systems, such as the Hills product, Endless Solar.

For about half the cost of a solar generating plant, a household can have a
solar hot water system fitted, potentially cutting most of that portion of their
power bill taken up by water heating.

If a $4000 investment saves $400 a year as it might in some households that's
not an unattractive use of funds.

The fact is, most of the people who go the whole hog and buy photovoltaic cells
to generate their own electricity are motivated by a desire to do their bit for
a technology they believe in. There is no doubt this hard core of altruistic
pioneers is really making a difference.

"Ten years ago you and I would not have been having this conversation," said Tim
Oliver, who installed a 1.5 kW solar power plant on his Adamstown Heights
rooftop in 2004.

While Oliver has few illusions that his investment will ever pay for itself in
pure dollar terms, he is delighted with his decision.

"It's been a terrific thing. I suppose I did it just to show people that it
could be done," he said.

From the point of view of reliability he says the system has been flawless,
never requiring a moment's attention.

He watches the power monitor closely, however, and is acutely aware of the flow
of power back and forth between his own little power station and the state grid.

On a good sunny day his array might generate 9 kW, while in winter this falls to
about 5 kW. A rainy grey winter day cripples performance, reducing output to
about half a kilowatt.

"Overall at this stage it has cut my power bill by about a third, I guess," he
said.

But his gains in this regard are partly limited by the miserly price his energy
supplier pays for power he exports into the grid. "It's really quite unfair at
present. I'm on a fixed buy-back, so they never pay more than 11 cents a
kilowatt hour for my power, while I have to pay up to 22.5 cents at times for
theirs."

Still, Oliver concedes the power companies are improving their attitudes.

"It was an arduous process for me when I had this system installed, but these
days it's a lot more plain sailing for people."

He is so committed to his solar power plant that he plans to invest in improved
tracking equipment to boost output and is also planning to invest in a
gas-boosted solar hot water system to further cut his power bills.

Cooks Hill couple Anna Kaemmerling and Bryan Havenhand recently installed a 1.5
kW photovoltaic array on the roof of their tree-shaded home. They selected a
particular type of panel (Mitsubishi) for its good performance in shady
conditions.

Their investment decision was based on similar considerations as Oliver's.

Kaemmerling is a member of Newcastle's Climate Action Group and feels strongly
about direct action for the environment. She agreed that attitudes had changed
among authorities over the past several years.

"When I was living in Melbourne in 1989 it was almost impossible to get somebody
to install a solar hot water system," she said. "Solar hot water is now very
well-accepted and now people are beginning to see the potential in photovoltaic
systems too."

Simple solar solution

PHOTOVOLTAIC panels are tough. They can withstand direct hits by all but the
biggest hailstones and their performance is guaranteed for 25 years.

PV panels are easy to install and new panels are simple to add.

PV panels can be installed alongside solar hot water systems, producing
significant power cost savings.

Wind generators are easy to add to a home power plant, although these can be
noisy and not all areas have reliable enough wind to make an installation
worthwhile.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS: HOT STUFF: Brett Sutherland, founder of Warners Bay home
power plant specialty firm Solar Online Australia.- Picture by Natalie Grono
DIRECT ACTION: Anna Kaemmerling, Bryan Havenhand and their daughter Bonny on the
roof of their Cooks Hill home. - Picture by Peter Stoop

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Newcastle Newspapers Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                             October 5, 2009 Monday

CITY SPY

LENGTH: 997 words


IS THE PRICE RIGHT TO SIGN UP WITH E.ON?

"There is not a clear message regarding future wholesale costs movements that
can be communicated to customers" E.On's Paul Golby obliquely commented recently
on the chances of a cut in retail prices for Britain's households. Yet E.On has
just cut prices on its FixOnline 3 product making it, the company claims, the
cheapest dual fuel household energy product available. The fix so to speak is
that you are fixing your household bills until December 2010. A supply company
wishing to lock in customers for more than a year? Surely the strongest sign yet
we are in for a bill-cutting price war?

--

ACCOUNTANTS? THEY'RE DRAGONS

THE Big Four accountancy firms have stitched up much of the audit and tax market
for years benefiting from the informal cartel arrangement that generally a major
bank will not lend to a major company unless one of PwC, KPMG, Deloitte or Ernst
& Young signs off the accounts. Peter Jones, the ubiquitous co-star of Dragons'
Den, has a view. "We should be careful not to let accountants run away with
their own thoughts about the level of value they provide in the community and
the jobs they do," says Jones, admitting to Accountancy Age that his preferred
accountants come from the decidedly not Big Four firm of Grant Thornton. "Why I
like Grant Thornton is because it isn't always about them." Jones adds: "Can
accountants be Masters of the Universe? The answer's no. Any accountancy firm
that says OEwe can do it all' is only trying to take all your money."

--

Jes Staley, the new chief executive of JPMorgan's investment banking arm,
apparently sees his top priority as healing the "long-simmering tensions"
between the bank's London and New York egos. No wonder when Bill Winters, the
London co-head of the investment bank, abruptly quit last week. On Staley's
first day in his new job, he spent a day holed up in talks in New York, before
jumping on a red-eye flight and doing the same in London. According to the Wall
Street Journal, things started to blow up over the summer, when the firm's
Reputation Risk Committee for Europe signed off a deal, but bankers in New York
voiced second thoughts...

-- Reports have suggested Lord Foster's architecture firm isn't doing too well
in the credit crunch [#x2039] several of his firm's projects have been shelved
due to the economy, including the "Russia Tower" in Moscow, which had been
planned to be the tallest building in Europe. But the man himself doesn't seem
to be suffering. Lord Foster has just bought a second apartment in a Fifth
Avenue, New York block, splashing out ¤6.7 million on an eighth-floor pad only
two months after buying another unit in the building for $7.2 million.

--

GWYNETH'S TIPS ON FINANCIAL SUCCESS

Is Gwyneth Paltrow the new Adam Smith? The Shakespeare in Love actress has
started dispensing, er, financial advice on her lifestyle website Goop. Paltrow,
who urges visitors to her site to "nourish the inner aspect", usually offers
such thrills as child-friendly brunch menus and divine detoxes. But now she has
given her "thoughts on the topic of investing... illuminating concepts,
histories and practical advice for the layman in these uncertain times". Paltrow
is savvy enough to seek the help of various experts. These include Lynnette
Khalfani-Cox, the self-styled Money Coach, who offers "Top 10 Tips for Saving
Money and Investing Wisely", and Michael Tiedemann, Chief Investment Officer of
Tiedemann Wealth Management, with tips on a balanced portfolio. Given that
Khalfani-Cox's mantra is "even millionaires have budgets", it's not hard to see
why Gwyneth and Coldplay husband Chris Martin, worth an estimated £45 million,
would pay attention. Khalfani-Cox's hot tip: "The truth is that you can
negotiate nearly everything [#x2039] from clothes in a department store to
medical bills." And her must-have tips for Gwyneth's yummy-mummy fans before
embarking on any shopping trip? "A budget, a buddy, and a stopwatch."

Even millionaires have budgets: actress Gwyneth Paltrow

-- Former Lloyds chairman Sir Victor Blank and Cazenove chief executive Naguib
Kheraj were among a select crowd to celebrate the Financial Times' Top 50 Women
in business global survey at Roast in Borough Market. FT editor Lionel Barber
told the assembled guests that in an ideal world "we shouldn't have such
rankings" [#x2039] that is if there were more women in the boardroom and running
companies. "But we're not there yet, not by a country mile. There are only three
female CEOs in the Footsie and they're all American. We should do better."
Barber's boss Dame Marjorie Scardino, one of those three CEOs, would doubtless
have agreed [#x2039] if she had been there. But Scardino, like all but two of
the top 50 globe-trotting women on the list, did not make it to the party as she
was too busy with more pressing issues. The perils of being a CEO... Lots of
networking was going on at the FT party [#x2039] not surprisingly given the
event was sponsored by headhunters Egon Zehnder. The chatter among guests was
that the City jobs market has been picking up slowly since the spring and
September just might be the best month so far this year. Good news perhaps for
Sir Victor Blank. The 66-year-old banker lingered for a good while, hob-nobbing
at the party, and is surely in no mood to retire...

-- HSBC chief executive Michael Geoghegan is busy wooing the Chinese even before
he moves office from Canary Wharf to Hong Kong next February. "In my 35 years
with HSBC, I have seen nothing in any of the 86 markets in which we operate that
matches the remarkable transformation of China," gushed Geoghegan on the
landmark 60th anniversary of the People's Republic of China. "HSBC was of course
OEmade in' Hong Kong and Shanghai in 1865 and we have had a continuous presence
in China ever since. I am proud of the small part we have played in supporting
China's development through the first 60 years of the People's Republic, and I
am enormously excited about the future." A pre-emptive kowtow, indeed.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2009    Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          February 21, 2007 Wednesday
                                   e2 Edition

Helping hand for service delivery;
Municipalities, provinces get bigger slice this year

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 292 words


More money will be spent on municipalities this year to improve service delivery
and ensure the country is ready for the 2010 World Cup.

Municipalities and provincial governments received a bigger slice in this year's
Budget with 64% of the R89.5 billion in extra funds allocated to these spheres.

The two play a crucial role in the delivery of social and household services,
which among others include the provision of quality health care, education and
welfare services.

A bulk of what has been given to municipalities will go into the upgrading and
construction of stadiums and improving public transport ahead of the 2010 World
Cup.

Of the R89.5bn in extra funding, provinces and municipalities will receive R39bn
and R18.1bn respectively.

According to Manuel, a further R5bn has been earmarked for the delivery of basic
services which currently reach about 80% of the country's households. The
municipal infrastructure grant received an extra R400 million as the government
pushes to meet its set target to eliminate the bucket system this year.

Manuel also allocated R600m for electrification programmes, while R1.4bn is for
bulk water and sanitation infrastructure improvement.

Manuel also gave R950m for the delivery of water and electricity to schools and
clinics.

In essence, national transfers to local government have grown by 19% a year and
12% for provinces, with the major additions going to education, health
personnel, social welfare and infrastructure.

A new conditional grant will also be given this year for Community Library
Services.

A new fundinng model for municipalities, the Neighbourhood Development
Partnership Grant, is aimed at rejuvenating townships.

This year's housing budget has increased by R2.7bn, bringing its total to about
R9bn.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Bolivia to promote Lake Titicaca cleanup with IDB assistance

LENGTH: 412  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Inter-American Development Bank has issued the following news
release:



  $86 million financing will help treat wastewater from 165,000 households



 The Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) has approved a total $86 million in
loans and grants to support wastewater treatment, solid waste management and
other actions in Bolivia's Katari River watershed in order to reduce pollution
in Lake Titicaca, into which the Katari empties its waters.





 The funds will support the implementation of a resilient, integral watershed
management model that will include wastewater treatment for 165,000 households,
connecting 5,000 homes to the sewer system, and providing solid-waste landfill
disposal services to another 10,000 homes.



 "The Titicaca basin has been suffering for years from the effects of climate
change and contamination from domestic, industrial and mining wastewater
discharges," said Omar Garzonio, IDB project team leader. "This project is a
first but very important step in the process of reverting this situation."



 Building, improving and enhancing wastewater treatment plants and sewer systems
will demand a $65 million investment over the project's five-year implementation
period.



 Another $7 million will be used to purchase landfill operation machinery and
vehicles and to finance the deployment of more than 500 solid waste collection
containers. The funds will also help build drainage systems and access cells for
the Copacabana and Tiahuanaco landfills; build three new landfills or equivalent
facilities; and close three existing dumpsites.



 An additional $9 million will be earmarked for management strengthening to help
cope with existing and anticipated climate change impacts, pollution source
identification, personnel training, and communications.



 The funding consists of several components:



 A $25 million loan from the Bank's ordinary capital for a 30-year term, with
six years of grace and a LIBOR-based interest rate; a soft $4.5 million loan
from the IDB's Fund for Special Operations for a 40-year term, with 40 years of
grace at 0.25 percent fix interest; and $47.3 million from the grant leverage
mechanism, from the IDB's ordinary capital; these resources, which total $77.3
million, will be complemented with a $8.4 million grant from the European Union,
taking the operation's grand total to $85.7 million.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Bolivia to promote Lake Titicaca cleanup with IDB assistance

LENGTH: 412  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Inter-American Development Bank has issued the following news
release:



  $86 million financing will help treat wastewater from 165,000 households



 The Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) has approved a total $86 million in
loans and grants to support wastewater treatment, solid waste management and
other actions in Bolivia's Katari River watershed in order to reduce pollution
in Lake Titicaca, into which the Katari empties its waters.





 The funds will support the implementation of a resilient, integral watershed
management model that will include wastewater treatment for 165,000 households,
connecting 5,000 homes to the sewer system, and providing solid-waste landfill
disposal services to another 10,000 homes.



 "The Titicaca basin has been suffering for years from the effects of climate
change and contamination from domestic, industrial and mining wastewater
discharges," said Omar Garzonio, IDB project team leader. "This project is a
first but very important step in the process of reverting this situation."



 Building, improving and enhancing wastewater treatment plants and sewer systems
will demand a $65 million investment over the project's five-year implementation
period.



 Another $7 million will be used to purchase landfill operation machinery and
vehicles and to finance the deployment of more than 500 solid waste collection
containers. The funds will also help build drainage systems and access cells for
the Copacabana and Tiahuanaco landfills; build three new landfills or equivalent
facilities; and close three existing dumpsites.



 An additional $9 million will be earmarked for management strengthening to help
cope with existing and anticipated climate change impacts, pollution source
identification, personnel training, and communications.



 The funding consists of several components:



 A $25 million loan from the Bank's ordinary capital for a 30-year term, with
six years of grace and a LIBOR-based interest rate; a soft $4.5 million loan
from the IDB's Fund for Special Operations for a 40-year term, with 40 years of
grace at 0.25 percent fix interest; and $47.3 million from the grant leverage
mechanism, from the IDB's ordinary capital; these resources, which total $77.3
million, will be complemented with a $8.4 million grant from the European Union,
taking the operation's grand total to $85.7 million.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           December 13, 2014 Saturday

Stormy scenes despite many absent TDs

BYLINE: Marie O'Halloran

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 581 words


A better turnout of TDs for votes on the controversial water charge legislation
is expected next week after more than one third were absent in recent days for
divisions on the Bill.

Debate resumes on Tuesday and Wednesday in the DÃ¡il on the hugely divisive
Water Services Bill, which details how the new  authority will bill, for the
first time, householders on the public water supply system.

The legislation is also expected to start in the Seanad next week.

During two days of heated DÃ¡il exchanges yesterday and on Thursday in what has
been described as a "charade" and a "debacle", a maximum of 111 TDs out of 165
cast their ballot. In some of the votes there were fewer than 100 TDs present.

And no more than four Cabinet Ministers were in the chamber for any of the
divisions.

There were stormy scenes, an intense row lasting three hours on the actual cost
to the State of implementing the charges and an Independent TD, RÃ³isÃ­n
Shortall, was expelled yesterday by Ceann Comhairle Sean Barrett when she
refused to sit down and accused him of trying to "shut down the debate" .

He vehemently rejected her allegations, repeatedly asked her to resume her seat,
told her she should "show some respect for yourself" and when she refused to sit
down, he called a vote to expel her.

Amendments A statement was later issued on behalf of the Ceann Comhairle that
during debates "it is not in order to deal with extraneous matters", nor was it
in order to debate amendments already considered.

Mr Barrett told TDs on Friday: "This charade is not going to continue. I watched
it last night, and it was like a debacle and I'm not going to put up with it."
He also insisted "there'll be no filibustering".

Independent TD Stephen Donnelly accused him of "subverting the parliamentary
process" when he refused to allow them seek further clarification around the
cost of implementing the charges.

Minister for the Environment Alan Kelly had insisted he had provided the
information on costs, and said the EUR 130 million the Government estimated
would be spent on the EUR 100 water conservation grant to each household was
neither a cost nor a benefit to Irish Water and should not be included in
estimates.

Opposition TDs said the CSO figures showed 1.6 million households, which meant
an extra EUR 36 million for the grant, while Irish Water sent registration forms
to more than two million. But the Minister said it was a "demand-led" scheme
with a 1.3 million household estimate.

He said if more people registered they would be "happy to pay them the EUR 100".

Mr Kelly added: "Deputies can do the equations whatever way they want, but it is
not a cost to Irish Water. It is a Government initiative for a water
conservation grant."

Public forum The section of the Bill establishing a national public forum of
between 12 and 60 members was derided by the Opposition. Independent  Lucinda
Creighton rejected it as "entirely empty, vacuous, meaningless".

Fianna FÃ¡il environment spokesman Brian Cowen said the DÃ¡il was the forum
elected by and representative of the people but it had "no hand, act or part in
questioning the way in which public funds have been spent in this area".

He added: "And we are here today listening to what is nothing short of a sop to
the public, to tell them that some quasi forum will resolve these issues."

Former minister of state with responsibility for Irish Water Fergus O'Dowd said
the forum could be effective on a regional basis if councillors and TDs were
included.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 2, 2013 Tuesday

Madison Village Council OKs water fee hike

BYLINE: Simon Husted, The News-Herald, Willoughby, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 439 words


July 02--Households in and around Madison Village are going to begin to
contribute money in their August water bill to the village's $1.45-million water
system overhaul underway.

Madison Village Council voted Monday night to increase its capital improvements
fee in its monthly water bills to 130 households from $5 to $8.50.

All seven councilmen voted in favor and the ordinance took affect that night.

The extra $3.50 will generate $455 a month to help pay back a $1,051,910 loan
from the Ohio Water Development Authority to tackle three projects that propose
to replace half-century-old waterlines, rehabilitate a long neglected water
tower and improve water pressure, capacity and quality in the area south of the
Interstate 90.

Council members have said the area is a target for private commercial growth
because of its proximity to the interstate.

"Gas, water, sewer and electricity are all key elements for development," said
Councilman John Hamercheck, who chairs the utility committee.

The projects also are being paid for with a $227,000 state grant and $73,000
loan awarded in June.

Two of the three projects include replacing the waterline stretching from the
I-90 exit on Route 528 down to River Road, a little south of the village.
Construction for the milelong water line replacement will cost $1.1 million and
work on the I-90 has already begun. The third project proposes to rehabilitate
the water tower on Dayton Road and is slated to cost $190,000. The remaining
$160,000 will be invested in improved booster pumps.

Councilman Mark Vest asked that a breakdown be documented in the bill as to
limit administrators and future council members as to where the capital
improvement dollars can go.

"I want it to be stated so it is clear where this money is going to be spent"
Vest said.

Councilman John Hamercheck, chairman of the utilities committee, asked for a
recess to prepare an outline for the ordinance.

It was granted, and 10 minutes later, council resumed with a new amendment

That was one of two amendments added to the ordinance Monday. The other,
introduced by Councilman Duane Frager, limited the lifespan of the fee increase
to when the loan debt is fully paid back.

"This is my attempt to put in writing something that we have all said that when
we get to the point where we don't need the money anymore, we give it back to
the residents," Frager said.

The fee increase originally was set to run indefinitely, but now will expire
when the 30-year loan payment is fulfilled.

___ (c)2013 The News-Herald (Willoughby, Ohio) Visit The News-Herald
(Willoughby, Ohio) at www.news-herald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130702-WL-Madison-Village-Council-OKs-water-fee-hike-20130702

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WL


               Copyright 2013 The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio


                              563 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              North Devon Journal

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

SECTION: AGENCY:OTHER; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 382  words


FUEL poverty in North Devon will be in the spotlight this week as an event takes
place to raise awareness of the problems some people have paying for their
heating.

According to the event's Braunton based organisers, 361 Energy Community
Interest Company (CIC), cold homes are currently a bigger killer across the UK
than road accidents, alcohol, or drug abuse.

The Fuel Poverty Awareness Day is taking place tomorrow at the Castle Centre in
Barnstaple.

Company director Paul Rogers believes more needs to be done to help families
struggling to heat their homes.

He said: "The high cost of energy bills has become an increasing concern for
hard pressed families and a topic of regular comment from politicians.

"Despite the recently announced price cuts to gas bills, more than one in 10
households in the South West are in fuel poverty and many in the area are
concerned they cannot adequately heat their homes this winter. "

Over the last year 361 Energy has been working on projects to help people cut
their energy costs and get on top of fuel and water bills.

The results of the company's work will be presented at the event on Friday.

It is hoped the event will help people get the best deal possible on their
household bills.

According to 361 Energy CIC many households could save up to £200 per year by
switching energy supplier, tariff or payment type.

Information on grants to help struggling families will also be available.

For example the Cosy Devon Central Heating Fund provides grants to install new
gas central heating systems for properties which do not currently have gas
central heating but can be connected to the grid and the Pioneer Places scheme
offers grants of up to £7,000 toward external wall insulation.

Councillors, the local MP, and developers, such as North Devon Homes, will be
taking part in the event.

North Devon MP Peter Heaton-Jones said he is looking forward to going along on
Friday.

He said: "It's one of a number of initiatives in this area which I'm supporting.
Just last week I met the organisers of a scheme called Wiser Money, which has
been set up specifically to assist people in North Devon who are struggling to
pay their energy bills.

"On the wider policy issues, I welcome the Government's commitment to insulate a
million more homes over the next five years."

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THE 361 Energy team at a Energy Advice Clinic at Medard House in
Barnstaple last month.
PAUL Rogers and Nicola Corrigan from 361 Energy CIC at last year's North Devon
Show.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                       June 24, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Water Well Trust Breaks Ground on Second Georgia Water Well Project

LENGTH: 326  words


June 24 -- The Water Well Trust, the only national nonprofit helping Americans
get access to a clean, safe water supply, has broken ground on its second
project in Georgia.



The new project is located in Ben Hill County, where the existing public water
supply infrastructure in the Queensland community is failing and the county
cannot afford the estimated $600,000 price tag for repairs.

In 2013, the Water Well Trust completed a successful project in Jones County,
Georgia, partnering with county government and the Georgia Department of
Community Affairs to bring safe drinking water to five low-income families near
Milledgeville, GA.

Based on the success of that project, the Georgia DCA, which provided community
development block grant funds for the Jones County project, recommended the
Water Well Trust to Ben Hill County Administrator Frank Feild to provide a more
economical solution for supplying 12 rural households with a safe water supply.

"With mounting costs associated with replacing aging infrastructure nationwide,
it is imperative that local communities weigh all options when developing plans
for providing new water supplies and assessing existing water service delivery,"
said Steve Anderson, chairman of the Water Well Trust.  "Choosing wells to
provide drinking water in lieu of requiring households to connect to expensive
centralized systems can save federal, state and local governments millions of
dollars."

For the Ben Hill County project, the Water Well Trust is providing financing for
drilling eight new wells, which will serve 12 owner-occupied homes.  The county
is covering the cost to drill wells for two area churches and five rental homes
owned by the churches that are located in the same area.

The total cost of the project is $81,200, with $51,200 being supplied by the
Water Well Trust and $30,000 by the county.  This is a cost savings to Ben Hill
County of $518,500.  The project is scheduled for completion in July 2014.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             October 1, 2004 Friday
                                 Idaho Edition

Step into the Green Zone;
Display offers helpful tips about conservation

BYLINE: Pat Munts Correspondent

SECTION: D; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 987 words


Ever wonder if there's a hands-on place in Spokane where you can explore
environmentally friendly ways to garden and keep a yard?

How about learning to use water wisely, reduce, reuse and recycle household
garbage, conserve energy and choose environmentally friendly household cleaners
and chemicals? If so, Spokane's Green Zone and its fall festival is the place to
head on Saturday.

The Green Zone is a public education center devoted to demonstrating sustainable
living practices. Created in 1996 by a coalition of private business, public
agencies and concerned individuals, it is located in and around the Spokane
County Extension Education Center and the Spokane Conservation District Office
on north Havana.

Outdoors, the Green Zone is a series of 10 demonstration projects. Alternatives
are shown such as dealing with roof run-off, composting, plantings of ornamental
grasses, xeric or water-thrifty plants, appropriate trees for street-side
plantings and plantings suitable for backyard wildlife habitat. People can walk
through the displays and get ideas for their own households.

Inside the Cooperative Education Center's Master Gardener Plant Clinic, the Zone
presents a series of interactive displays, books and tapes to help you learn
even more about conserving water and energy, environmentally friendly
alternatives to household and garden chemicals, environmentally friendly
transportation options and ways to preserve air quality. There are a number of
handouts available to help you begin a new way of life.

"The Green Zone is all about sustainability," says Jim Haynes, treasurer of the
not-for-profit group.

The Green Zone came into existence in 1996 at the Spokane Interstate Fair. Fair
visitors were able to walk through a series of interactive, interdisciplinary
exhibits that demonstrated how we can all live, work and play in more
environmentally friendly ways. Back then, visitors saw a patio made with porous
pavers, low-energy lighting alternatives, furniture made of recycled materials,
low-water use or xeric plants for landscaping, a fuel-saving van and worm boxes
and compost bins. It was a huge hit.

Based on this success, the new Green Zone membership felt a permanent display
would be more accessible to more people. They were able to set up the display
with the cooperation of the WSU/Spokane County Cooperative Extension Center and
the Spokane County Conservation District.

According to Haynes and Carol Albietz, president of the group, funding comes
from grants and monetary and in-kind donations, 100 percent of which go directly
into the projects and displays. "It's all volunteer; all the money goes to the
effort," says Haynes.

Their primary grant sources are the Department of Ecology Public Participation
Grant and Foundation Northwest. Numerous private businesses and individuals have
contributed additional donations to set up and maintain the Green Zone's
displays. Foundation Northwest is a local community foundation that was founded
in 1974 to provide a permanent source of philanthropic capital for the
community.

One of the demonstration plantings is a series of alternatives to runoff basins
(208 basins). Each planting is designed to show how you can manage runoff for an
area that may be wet only three months out of the year up to year-round by
planting grasses, shrubs and trees that survive with that amount of water. "This
is unlike many of the 208 basins you see around town that are planted with
bluegrass that takes 40 inches of rain a year and have to be mowed and
fertilized," says Haynes.

According to Albietz, Saturday's events will have a little something for
everyone. Representatives from the Master Composters will be demonstrating how
to make compost with everyday garden waste. Representatives of the Washington
Fish and Wildlife will talk about developing backyard wildlife habitats and
explain the habitat demonstration plantings.

The Master Gardeners and others will be leading tours through the ornamental
grass, xeric, wetland and rock garden plantings so you can see the options to
traditional high-input gardening methods. A new series of walkways using
alternatives to concrete will be available to walk on. Representatives from
Spokane County Air Pollution Control Authority will be talking about indoor air,
radon and other clean air issues.

Spokane Transit will have a demonstration of its "Bikes on Buses" system that
lets you combine your commute by bus and bike to save fuel and cut pollution. A
Volkswagen Bug that runs on bio-diesel fuel made from renewable crop plants will
be on display to demonstrate this new technology that could be produced locally.

There will be short seminars on tree and shrub planting, gardening with
efficient raised beds and composting garden debris.

The WSU/Spokane County Master Gardener Plant Clinic will be open to take your
questions about plants, bugs, fall and winter garden preparation and more. Bring
samples and/or photos of your problems to illustrate your questions.

A plaque listing the supporters and donors who helped create and maintain the
Green Zone will be a part of the festivities.

Music will be provided by the Celtic Nots, Spokane's well-known Celtic music
group.

A special addition to this year's festival will be a children's activity.
Michael Moon Bear, a well-known African drum performer and teacher, will lead a
workshop for children to create their own musical instrument from recycled
materials. After they create their instruments, they will be able to jam with
the Celtic Nots.

The free Fall Festival is Saturday  from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Park at the
WSU/Spokane County Cooperative Education Center,  222 N. Havana St.

For more information, call the Conservation District at 535-7274 and ask for
Vicki.

SIDEBAR:

IF YOU GO

FESTIVAL

The Fall Festival is Saturday from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Park at the WSU/Spokane
County Cooperative Education Center, 222 N. Havana. The event is free.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              566 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            February 18, 2007 Sunday

Midway project meets demand for affordable senior housing

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 1702 words


The market for trophy mansions may have dried up, but the hammers are still
swinging. Carty Heights in St. Paul's Midway is one of several new multifamily
projects underway across the Twin Cities.

The 50-unit apartment building for low-income seniors is slated to open in
November at the corner of Lexington Parkway and University Avenue. The front
door is 412 Dunlap Street North. Named after the late Denzil Carty, who was an
Episcopal minister in St. Paul's Rondo neighborhood, Carty Heights will have
one-bedroom units with underground parking.

"There's just tremendous pent-up demand for affordable housing. We could build
2,000 units and fill them," said developer Marvin Plakut, chief executive of St.
Paul-based Episcopal Homes of Minnesota, a nonprofit that provides senior
housing and services.

The apartment complex sits on part of eight acres at Lexington and University
that St. Paul-based Wellington Management Inc. has been selling off. Two acres
remain. The corner is now home to a TCF bank branch and an Aldi discount
grocery, with a new $36 million headquarters for the Wilder Foundation underway.
The White Castle remains.

Episcopal financed the $7 million project with a $5.8 million grant from the
federal Housing and Urban Development department, $550,000 from the City of St.
Paul and grants from foundations.

B.J. Mariotti, project manager for Hopkins-based builder Frana Cos., said Carty
Heights features a unique geothermal heating and cooling system that uses a
series of deep-water wells to circulate water that runs through a heat pump. The
system should cut energy costs by 60 percent, Mariotti said. It was expensive up
front, he said, but should pay for itself in eight years.

Carty Heights residents must be age 62 or older, and household incomes can't
exceed 50 percent of the metro area's median. For a household of one, that's
about $26,300. Rent is fixed at 30 percent of income.

Units are still available, Plakut said, and about 100 people have already
expressed interest. One of Episcopal Home's other projects, the Seabury
apartment complex that opened five years ago at Fairview Avenue and University
Avenue, has a 10-year waiting list, Plakut said.

-- Jennifer Bjorhus

Falling TV prices bad news for 3M

For a technology that promises a big, clear picture, LCD televisions always seem
to be clouding 3M Co.'s prospects.

3M makes optical film that's used in the screens of many popular brand-name
flat-panel television sets, including Samsung and Sharp. During the 2006 holiday
shopping season, LCD TVs were the top-selling consumer technology item, totaling
$924 million in sales, according to NDP Group Inc., a retail research group.

The problem is that although consumers still desire LCD TVs, their price keeps
coming down.

The average selling price in 2006 for an LCD TV was $689, compared with $738 a
year earlier. Also, 3M ran into a problem of supply and demand with its
brightness-enhancing optical film earlier this year. Manufacturers overestimated
demand for LCD products, and 3M and some other makers of optical film saw profit
margins fall.

In a research report out last week, Deutsche Bank analyst David Begleiter kept
3M stock rated as a "buy," but called "slowing LCD sales" a key risk to the
company.

-- John Welbes

TECHNOLOGY

Alma mater lures

NetSuds founder

It's last call for Matt Noah, the founder of the Twin Cities' two best-known
technology industry networking events and organizations, NetSuds and MedSuds.

Noah has left the Twin Cities and now works at North Dakota State University,
managing an economic development program under the school's Center for Nanoscale
Science and Engineering.

The mission of the Center for Advanced Electronics Design and Manufacturing,
funded by the North Dakota legislature, is to help companies bring high-tech
products to market, Noah said.

"So, what does the future hold for NetSuds? The answer is not clear," Noah said
in his farewell posting on the NetSuds Web site.

He appears to be leaving it open to someone else to pick up where he left off,
noting that NetSuds still maintains an active e-mail list that can be used to
promote events or help companies find potential employees.

Noah, who got his bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from North Dakota
State and a master's in the same from Stanford University, started NetSuds in
1998 as high-tech was booming. He followed up with MedSuds, an event devoted to
medical technology, in 2001.

And yes, the "suds" in the two event names refers to beer, a hallmark of
NetSuds' after-work gatherings. Noah said an attendee once told him it should
stand for "Secret Underground Drinking Society." Engineers. How they love their
acronyms.

-- Leslie Brooks Suzukamo

WIRELESS

Cingular beefs up statewide network

Cingular Wireless, now the new AT&T, has a question for Minnesota: Can you hear
me now?

The nation's largest cell-phone provider has stolen a page from its closest
rival Verizon Wireless and said it made a $60 million investment in its
Minnesota network last year by adding 85 new cell sites.

Verizon Wireless highlights its network with the catchphrase "Can you hear me
now?" and now AT&T's cell-phone arm -- The Wireless Carrier Formerly Known As
Cingular -- is touting its network, too.

Cingular's list of new cell locations span the alphabet of Minnesota cities from
Albert Lea to Zumbro Falls.

In the Twin Cities metro area and western Wisconsin, Cingular says it installed
cell transmitters in Anoka, Blaine, Brooklyn Park, Burkhardt, Wis., Champlin,
Chaska, Eden Prairie, Farmington, Hopkins, Hudson, Wis., Jordan, Lakeville, Lino
Lakes, Little Canada, Maple Grove, Maplewood, Minneapolis, Oakdale, Plymouth,
River Falls, Wis., Rosemount, Roseville, St. Paul, Sunfish Lake and White Bear
Lake.

Cingular's motivation is easy to see. The long-standing No. 1 reason cell-phone
users switch carriers is to get better coverage, a recent report by technology
research company comScore Network reiterated.

Cingular recently reported its fourth-quarter profit quadrupled to $782 million
due to customer growth during the holidays.

-- Leslie Brooks Suzukamo

High-tech seeds high on hype?

Across corn country, genetically engineered corn seed is all the rage, and seed
companies are even starting to sell out of some types of high-tech seed with
"stacked traits," which combine resistance to insects with tolerance to some
weed-killers.

But do those traits really produce higher yields? A study from the University of
Minnesota suggests not.

Based on 170 corn hybrids tested in 2006 in southern Minnesota, and 147 hybrids
tested in central Minnesota, there was almost no yield difference between
hybrids with no added "traits," and hybrids with one or more added "traits,"
according to a study released this month by three U agronomists.

In southern Minnesota, the yield for corn varieties with no added traits
averaged 232 bushels an acre. The average yield for corn varieties with one or
more added traits: 232 bushels an acre, the study found. For seed with three
added traits, known as "triple stack," the average yield was 228 bushels an
acre.

In central Minnesota, the results were similar. Corn varieties with no added
traits averaged 190 bushels an acre. Varieties with at least one added trait
averaged 192 bushels an acre. And "triple stack" corn averaged 188 bushels an
acre.

"This analysis shows there is little to no yield increase due to the addition of
insect or herbicide traits in corn hybrids," the study found.

-- Tom Webb

DFLer's bill seeks a more open MAC

Rep. Frank Hornstein, DFL-Minneapolis, plans to revisit an issue he has had
before with the board that oversees the Minneapolis-St. Paul International
Airport: public access to its meetings.

It's not easy for the John Q. Public to attend the Metropolitan Airports
Commission meetings at the airport, especially with increased security measures
and parking problems, he said. MAC meetings, are open to the public unless
they're noted as executive sessions where the board members discuss matters such
as lawsuits.

The issue hit home with Hornstein last week when he went to a MAC meeting to
object to financial assistance offered to Northwest Airlines and other carriers.
Parking ramps at the Lindbergh Terminal were full and he was detoured to the
Humphrey terminal ramp, where he had trouble getting his credit card to work.
Then he had to take a shuttle back to the Lindbergh Terminal, obtain an airport
pass and go through security.

Hornstein said he plans to introduce a bill this year requiring the MAC to hold
at least one meeting a year at a nearby community affected by the airport's
operations. He was chief architect of a similar bill in 2003 and he co-authored
two bills in 2005 that would have barred the MAC from holding meetings within a
secure airport area. All those bills died in committee.

Earlier this month, Hornstein introduced a bill that would require legislative
approval of the MAC's $279 million financial-aid package to airlines.

-- Sheryl Jean

Wanted: Tenants for NWA facility

State legislators plan to introduce a bill this week that would make it easier
for the city of Duluth to attract new tenants for Northwest Airlines' empty
maintenance facility there.

The legislation comes as Duluth officials fear that Northwest will default on
the lease agreement in bankruptcy, leaving the city on the hook for nearly $1.4
million a year in payments on bonds issued to build the 180,000-square-foot
aircraft maintenance facility for Northwest in 1996. The Eagan-based airline
closed the facility amid a mechanics' strike in August 2005, one month before
the airline filed for bankruptcy reorganization.

"We anticipate that they'll reject the lease at some point," said Duluth Mayor
Herb Bergson. He turned to state lawmakers for help.

Duluth DFL Sen. Yvonne Prettner Solon, chief author of the bill, wants to
attract new business and more jobs to Duluth. The bill would amend state law to
lease the facility to a non-airline tenant based out of state, among other
changes.

The Duluth Economic Development Authority has been talking to interested parties
and recently sent letters to 49 aircraft maintenance companies worldwide to
gauge their interest in the facility, said executive director Tom Cotruvo.

-- Sheryl Jean

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 5, 2012 Monday

BRIEF: Putnam Co. village gets water system grant

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 93 words


Nov. 05--CONTINENTAL, Ohio -- The Putnam County village of Continental is among
four communities in Ohio slated to receive a total of $2 million in grants to
improve their water systems.

Continental was awarded $600,000 from the Ohio Development Services Agency's
Office of Community Development to help build a wastewater treatment plant.

The project is expected to cost more than $3.1 million and is to benefit 500
local households.

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121105-TO-BRF-Putnam-Co-village-gets-water-system-grant-1105-20121105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade


                              568 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           November 20, 2003 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Gov't funding needed to cover residential water meter costs

BYLINE: Mark Nielsen, The Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 423  words


Extending water meters to residential properties in Prince George will be
worthwhile only with the help of money from the federal and provincial
governments, according to a life-cycle cost analysis included in a report from
city staff.

Without help from senior government, installing 21,800 residential meters
citywide over one or two years would cost $8.7 million and save only $6.4
million in operations, maintenance and deferred capital costs over 30 years,
leaving the city with a shortfall of $2.3 million.

Phasing in meters over 10 years would leave the city in an even worse position,
the analysis indicates, partly because the economic benefits would not be
realized until the 10th year. Taking that route would cost $7.2 million, but the
savings would total only $4 million, leaving the city short by $3.2 million.

But with help from senior government, installation over one to two years would
cost $4 million, and when stacked up against $6.4 million in savings, would
leave the city ahead by $2.4 million after 30 years, while securing grants over
the period of a phased-in program would be unlikely.

"The life-cycle cost analysis indicates that universal water metering is cost
beneficial only if the city is successful in receiving grant funding from senior
levels of government for the program," staff stated in the report.

Numbers in the report show residential metering will lead to a significant drop
in household water consumption. Per capita consumption in Prince George is 504
litres per day, compared to 438 in Kelowna and 470 in Vernon where there is
residential metering.

"Under the flat-rate system (unmetered), there is no advantage for a homeowner
to ensure that leaks are identified and repaired or that water is used in a
responsible manner," the report says. "The introduction of water meters to the
residential sector effectively promotes water conservation in this area."

The issue is about more than just economics, staff stressed, as lower
consumption means less use of chemicals to treat and less energy to supply
water, reducing the impact on the environment. The move would also create equity
for all users, the report says, because residents would be paying only for the
water they use as individuals.

The life-cycle analysis for Prince George is based on a 20-per-cent reduction in
residential usage, which would translate into a 15-per-cent drop citywide once
other users, like industry, are accounted for. Households currently account for
12.3 billion of the 18 billion litres the city pumps out each year.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            February 13, 1994 Sunday

LENGTH: 285 words


Lewis and Clark Regional Development Council has received final approval of a
$313,000 Home Disaster Relief Program grant. The grant can help low- and
moderate-income households whose housing sustained disaster-related damage. And
it can be used to reimburse or pay for work still needed to repair or to prevent
further damage in Mercer, Oliver, Morton, Grant, Sioux, Emmons, Kidder, Sheridan
and McLean counties.

The minimum assistance per housing unit is $1,000 and the maximum is $20,000.
The Home Disaster Relief Program will encompass the following: Repairs to
housing damaged by storms and flooding, including repair or replacement of
furnaces, water heaters, electrical systems, basement walls, foundations, wells
or septic systems. Mitigation to minimize future flood damage, including
technical assistance and actual mitigation efforts, such as raising appliances,
landscaping and installation of basement drains, sump pumps or drain tiles.
Relocation costs. Assistance could be used to help low- and moderate-income
households pay for relocation expenses. Households that have already moved may
still qualify for assistance. The assistance will be in the form of grants.
Homeowners or tenants who received FEMA or Small Business Administration
assistance may be eligible if all disaster-related expenses were not recouped.
Households defined as low and moderate households must have annual incomes at or
below the following range: 1 person: $16,800-21,350 2 people: 19,200-24,400 3
people: 21,600-27,450 4 people: 24,000-30,500 5 people: 25,900-32,900 6 people:
27,850-35,350 7 people: 29,750-37,800 8 people: 31,750-40,250 Contact the
council at 255-4591 to receive an application. Deadline is Feb. 25.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1994 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           January 16, 2016 Saturday

Cap on water charges may be extended until 2021

BYLINE: Fiach Kelly

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 367 words


Fine Gael and Labour are both considering linking the maximum amount a
householder will pay in water charges to the rate of inflation if re-elected to
office.

It is understood both parties believe the capping of charges should remain until
2021 - the end of the next government's five-year term - at least.

The Coalition put a cap in place in November 2014 when it substantially recast
its original water charges plan.

The cap now stands at EUR 160 for a single-adult household and EUR 260 for a
household with two adults or more, but these amounts drop to EUR 60 and EUR 160
when the EUR 100 water conservation grant is taken into effect.

The current level of charges will apply until December 2018 but the Government
has provided for capping of charges beyond that point, subject to a ministerial
order being passed by the Oireachtas.

It means a reassessment of water charges, the most controversial measure of the
Coalition's term, will have to be carried out by the next government.

Inflation

Fine Gael strategists this week discussed the approach to take and linking the
charges to inflation from 2019 onwards is one of a number of options being
examined for inclusion in the party's general election manifesto.

It was stressed that a final decision had yet to be made, and sources said more
contentious issues such as water charges were among the manifesto commitments
being left until last.

A Fine Gael source said people would have to be given "certainty" when paying
their water charges and that more time had to be given to allow homeowners
adjust to the metering system.

It is understood Fine Gael will not seek to change the entitlement to a EUR 100
water conservation grant for those who have registered with Irish Water.

Labour Party sources indicated its manifesto would also contain a commitment to
link the water charges cap to inflation until at least the lifetime of the next
government but suggested meter charges could be a possibility thereafter.

Earlier this week, Irish Water said 61 per cent of customers were now paying
water charges after nine months. This compared to an initial compliance rate of
44 per cent for the first three months and 55 per cent for the first six months.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  Daily Record

                            March 4, 1999, Thursday

HOUSEHOLD BILLS SET TO ROCKET;
SNP anger at new water rates

BYLINE: Euan Mccolm Exclusive

SECTION: Page 12

LENGTH: 412 words


HOUSEHOLDERS will see domestic tax bills rocket today.

That's despite Government pressure to keep council tax rises down.

Local authorities have been told to keep their increases - announced this
afternoon - to below five per cent.

But household bills will soar because of huge increases in water charges,
incorporated into the monthly payments.

Central government has withdrawn relief grants for domestic water customers.
Scots will be charged up to 44 per cent more for water.

Last night, the SNP accused the Labour Party of pulling the wool over people's
eyes with hidden charges.

After high-profile cash scandals at North Lanarkshire and East Ayrshire
councils, Labour insisted it would clamp down on overspending.

Scotland's 32 councils will today abide by the Government diktat and keep rises
down, with an eye on the forthcoming Scottish Parliamentary elections.

But the annual average water charge across the country will rise pounds 20-
to-pounds 30.

Vicki Nash, director of the Scottish Water and Sewerage Customer Council, said:

"A major factor for the domestic customer is the withdrawal of the three- year
pounds 180million Government grant, called transitional relief, which is given
to domestic sewerage customers."

The SNP's public services spokesman Alex Neil said: "This comes after previous
big increases on water bills.

"The Government is trying to hide the water charges by including them with the
monthly council tax bills."

Mr Neil also criticised the charging system, which means customers living in
cheaper properties will face water charge rises up to double those in luxury
homes.

He said: "It is wrong that poorer people are facing the biggest percentage
rises."

Vicki Nash added: "The council did press the Scottish Office to retain this
Government grant but they have not agreed to do that.

"We are very concerned about the impact on low income customers. For example,
for customers in council tax Bands A and B, about four per cent of their income
goes on water and sewerage bills.

"Clearly if those bills are rising that percentage is increasing unless there is
to be some increase in council tax benefit and we have pressed the Government on
that."

A Scottish Office spokesman said: "Pipes and sewers are crumbling as a result of
an infrastructure which has suffered from under investment.

"More than pounds 1.5billion of investment is needed by the year 2000 to meet EC
standards of water quality."


LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

            Copyright 1999 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd.


                              572 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Herald (Goa) (India)

                            August 2, 2014 Saturday

Authorities in quandary after inspecting River Sal at Velim

LENGTH: 409 words

DATELINE: MARGAO


ARGAO, Aug. 2 -- Inspection of the residential houses dotting the banks of River
Sal in Velim village for sewage disposal in the river has left the authorities,
including the Velim Panchayat in a tight corner.While day one of the inspection
has unearthed a number of houses discharging the sewage water in the river, the
households have now told the Velim Panchayat that they are willing to construct
septic tanks and soak pits on conditions that the authorities grant them
permission for the construction.

This question has brought to the fore a pertinent question whether the
households can be permitted to construct the septic tanks and soakpits with the
Town and Country Planning department building rules banning soak pits within 15
meters from a water body or river.

While the household owners have conveyed their willingness to go in for the soak
pits and septic tanks provided they are granted permission by the TCP and the
panchayat body, Velim Sarpanch Melvyn Sanches said he would submit a detailed
report on the issue to the Goa State Pollution Control Board on the ground
reality at Velim. "I think the government should find a solution to the issue.
These houses have been existing for years now. Many of them have no soak pits
and septic tanks for want of construction permission. On one hand, you cannot
remove the houses and at the same time, they generate sewage which needs to be
handled systematically," Melvyn said.

He said the government should grant exemptions to the households as far as
building rules are concerned when they are ready to construct the soak pits and
septic tanks given that the sewage finds its way in the river.

When Herald drew attention of Goa State Pollution Control Board Chairman Jose
Manuel Norohna, he said the Board can ask the TCP to examine the cases. "Let the
ongoing survey get over and we would get a clear picture of the ground reality.
We will have to find a way out if the TCP building rules comes in the way of
construction of the septic tanks and soak pits," Norohna said.

Meanwhile, the GSPCB chairman said the Board would immediately issue direction
to the Balli Primary Health Centre to assist the Velim Panchayat to survey the
households on the banks of river Sal in Velim discharging waste in the river.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Herald Goa. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Herald Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Observer (Banjul)

                               December 21, 2012

IFAD to Provide U.S.$20.28 Million to the Agric Sector

LENGTH: 366 words


The International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) will provide a
US$20.28 million grant to the Republic of The Gambia to help improve livelihoods
of smallholder farmers with a particular attention to rural women and youth in
the country, according to information sent to the Daily Observer by the Ministry
of Finance and Economic Affairs.

The financing agreement for the National Agriculture Land and Water Management
Development Project was signed Thursday by Abdou Kolley, minister of Finance and
Economic Affairs and Kanayo F. Nwanze, president of IFAD in Rome, Italy.

The project aims to transform the Gambian agricultural sector from simply
subsistence farming to an increasingly efficient market system. It will
contribute to the objectives of both the Gambia National Agricultural Investment
Plan and the Programme for Accelerated Growth and Employment (PAGE).

It will further enhance rice and vegetable production nationwide through
sustainable land and water management practices to help smallholder farmers
increase their incomes. It will also increase the productivity of limited farm
land and support improvements to infrastructure such as water and roads. It will
strengthen farmers' organizations to help commercialize their activities to
boost household incomes.

Co-financed by the government of The Gambia and the Islamic Development Bank,
the project will be implemented by the Ministry of Agriculture of The Gambia.
About 22,000 poor rural households, including 660 young rural women and men will
directly benefit from the project. With this new project, IFAD will have
financed 10 programmes and projects in The Gambia for a total investment of
approximately $73.9 million benefitting 149,200 households since 1982.

In The Gambia, agriculture is an important sector for the country's economy,
employing over 72 per cent of the population and contributing about 30 per cent
to the gross domestic product. Most Gambians living in rural areas are extremely
poor and depend on agriculture for their livelihoods. Women in particular, who
make up a large proportion of this group, lack economic opportunities and access
to productive resources like credit, land, skills and services.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          September 2, 2015 Wednesday

Water rate increases could back Mandan water plant projects

BYLINE: LEANN ECKROTH Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 852 words


As Mandan prepares to tweak its final 2016 budget, residents may notice a water
rate increase to help fund $4 million in water treatment projects that would
speed up the flow of water, particularly in new sections of town.

Projects include $3.24 million for high-service pump optimization, Sunset Drive
booster station pumps for $442,130 and $278,000 in instrumentation and control
upgrades. The city submitted grant applications to the State Water Commission
and expects word on their approval this fall. Rate increases would hinge on
whether the city is awarded the grants and how much it receives.

 "They are all related to capacity and growth .... It's about moving water more
efficiently," said City Administrator Jim Neubauer.

Residents now pay a base rate of $24.97 per month per household.

"Depending on what amount the grants are, we're still working out how that
affects the rates," he said.

Solid waste utility rates will increase as the 2016 preliminary budget adds
$5.50 per month per single household for curbside recycling in 2016 with Dakota
Sanitation. There will also be an increase of 85 cents per month  in
non-recycled hauling rates as the city renewed its contract with Armstrong
Sanitation to haul  trash to the Bismarck Landfill.

Spending

City spending in 2016 will total $30.7 million compared to $27.41 million for
the 2015 fiscal year.

Greg Welch, the city's finance director, said  the increase is due to $555,000
in capital outlay projects, operation and maintenance projects at $215,250, debt
service and principle and interest for $127,100, $79,872 in health insurance,
and personnel reclassifications and new workers for $69,457.

The increase also factors in that the city will receive a special .75 percent
sales tax revenue for the park district's sports complex and ball field
projects. The city estimates it will collect $1.9 million from the special sales
tax account.

The budget adds two workers: a water treatment plant operator at the waste water
treatment plant for $51,531 and a part-time utility operator for  $15,535.

The city will spend $6 million on the reconstruction of Old Red Trail from
Highland Road to 47th Avenue with 80 percent of the money coming from federal
funds and the remainder from local funds. The city has not decided whether to
add water main projects at its own cost yet.

Roof repair costs for Mandan City Hall will costs $185,000, and two new police
vehicles are to be purchased for $62,000.

Welch said the city commission must decide what its long-term plans are for city
hall, but those are not included in the budget. The $4.3 million in state HUB
funds the city received will be used for a hydrocarbon detector at the water
treatment, a $100,000 storm water master plan to keep new north development
runoff from damaging other city properties and $63,200 for planning work being
done through Bismarck Mandan Planning Organization studies.

Pay raises in 2016 for employees will be based on how much carryover the city
has from the 2015 budget at the end of the year.

"Depending on what is left over in this budget, we will do a one-time or
semi-annual adjustment to employees' paychecks," Welch said.

Revenue

The city will collect $269,000 more in property taxes because of new commercial
and housing projects coming onto the tax roll and properties coming off tax
exemptions, Welch said.

Non-property tax revenue for the city will include $2.6 million in regular city
sales tax, State Aid Highway Distribution Funds of $1.3 million and $9.5 million
in charges and utility fees for the city.

Debt

Welch said the city's debt totals $72 million in principle interest levels,
compared to $100 million a few years back.

"It is dependent upon growth and the demand for new projects, new subdivisions,"
he said.

"We have $9 million in bonding we still have to do before the end of the year in
connection with the special assessments. This will raise it back to $81
million," said Welch, adding that 80 percent of existing debt would be retired
in 10 years and 99 percent retired after 15 years.

City policy requires developers pay for underground utilities, but the city pays
for new roads with special assessments.

(Reach LeAnn Eckroth at 701-250-8264 or leann.eckroth@bismarcktribune.com)

Mandan budget

The final budget hearing is scheduled Sept. 15.

66.1 mills in property taxes will be levied for the 2016 budget, a decrease of 9
mills from the 2015 budget.

Value of a city mill has increased from $56,336 for the 2015 budget to $69,154
for 2016.

4 of the mills will be dedicated to the Mandan Airport --$276,000

7 mills will be dedicated to the Mandan/Morton Library --$484,000

Mandan City debt totals $72 million.

Property owners with a 14 percent increase in values will pay the same in city
property taxes as they did for the 2015 budget.

A person with a home valued at $250,000 for the 2015 budget will pay the same
$844 in city property taxes for the 2016 budget.

A 10 percent palue will mean the homeowner will  pay $26 less in city property
taxes.

If value only increased 5 percent, they would pay $63 less.

If their property value went up 20 percent, they would pay $48 more.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              575 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                             May 13, 2009 Wednesday
                               1 - State Edition

WHAT MAKES THE MARGINAL DIFFERENCE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 103

LENGTH: 685  words


GREG HAYWOOD, 48, & DEB WEBSTER 49, TEA TREE GULLY

OCCUPATION: Greg, computer engineer.

Deb, trainee passenger service assistant at

TransAdelaide.

MARITAL STATUS: De facto with two children,

Dan, 15 and George, 18.

VOTING: Labor

WISHLIST - Greg: More money for training

and apprenticeships, assistance to pensioners

and low income earners, and money for the

River Murray

"Because of the age of the boys, I really want

to see more help for training and apprentices,

and some changes to encourage kids into

training and further education."

WISHLIST - Deb: The extension of the first home buyer's grant, no cuts to
education spending and a greater commitment to the River Murray.

"I would like them to extend the first-home buyer grant because my main concern
is my kids and I'm concerned they are not going to be able to buy a home.

"What concerns me about water is we don't get a fair share. I think the water
needs to be distributed more evenly between the states."

VERDICT with Frances Stewart

Better apprenticeships options, tax cuts for the less well-off, better payments
for pensioners and the continuation of the first-home buyer grant will keep the
family happy. They are not likely to be happy about the River Murray.

SCORE * * *

MAKIN

Median weekly individual income: $471

Median weekly household income: $1021

Median age: 37

Median monthly housing loan

repayments: $1040

Median weekly rent: $175

Average household size: 2.6

Number of enrolled electors: 95,078

STATUS: Previously held by the Liberals with a margin of just 1 per cent, the
Australian Labor Party's Tony Zappia picked up the seat in 2007.

SUBURBS: Makin covers an area of approximately 115 sqkm from the Little Para
River and Gould Creek in the north to Grand Junction Road in the south. The
suburbs of Banksia Park, Fairview Park, Gepps Cross (part), Golden Grove,
Greenwith, Gulfview Heights, Hope Valley (part), Ingle Farm, Modbury, Para
Hills, Para Vista, Pooraka, Redwood Park, Ridgehaven, Salisbury East, Salisbury
Heights, St Agnes, Surrey Downs, Tea Tree Gully, Valley View, Vista, Walkley
Heights, Wynn Vale and Yatala Vale are in this division.

PHILIP, 35, & JULIA, 33, ROETMAN, HAZELWOOD PARK

OCCUPATIONS: Julia, university tutor. Philip, researcher.

MARITAL STATUS: Married with two children.

VOTING: Undisclosed.

WISHLIST - Julia: Money spent on health, education and the environment.

"Education is an important investment for our future and I would like my
children to have good facilities and teachers through their primary, secondary
and tertiary education.

"On health, I think putting money into medical research is important, and
supporting the building of new hospitals."

WISHLIST - Philip: Money for infrastructure in areas of water, public transport,
health and energy.

"We are excited about Adelaide's water recycling projects such as the Glenelg to
Adelaide pipeline and want to see more work done to secure our water future.

"Adelaide's growing traffic problems are a concern and I think that could be
alleviated by more people using public transport, but we need a better system to
make that happen."

VERDICT with Sarah Martin

The Roetmans will be happy with the Government's big infrastructure spend - the
$22 billion centrepiece of the Budget - to be spent on road, rail, ports, health
and education infrastructure. They will be disappointed by the lack of action on
water infrastructure.

SCORE * * * *

STURT

Median weekly individual

income: $464

Median weekly household

income: $982

Median age: 41

Median monthly housing loan

repayments: $1181

Median weekly rent: $179

Average household size: 2.4

Number of enrolled electors:

98,184

STATUS: Held by Christopher Pyne (Liberal) by 1.9 per cent. The seat is the most
marginal Liberal seat in SA.

SUBURBS: Sturt covers an area of 84sqkm, covering Oakden and Hope Valley in the
north, to Glen Osmond in the south. It covers the foothills of the Mount Lofty
Ranges and includes Athelstone, Burnside, Campbelltown, Dernancourt, Frewville,
Gilles Plains, Glynde, Glenside, Highbury, Hillcrest, Holden Hill, Kensington,
Klemzig, Magill, Marden, Paradise and Rostrevor.

Source: Australian Electoral Commission

and 2006 Census data

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                            December 1, 2008 Monday
                              Correction Appended
                               FINAL - 5 EDITION

A VOTE ON OPEN SPACE;
REFERENDUM ALSO WILL ELECT JUDGE

BYLINE: SHAWN R. BEALS sbeals@courant.com

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 265 words

DATELINE: WINDSOR LOCKS


Residents have two decisions to make at a Dec. 9 referendum: deciding on the
next judge of probate and whether to spend town money on preserving open space.

The state Department of Environmental Protection announced this week that the
town was awarded a $490,000 grant toward the purchase of a conservation easement
on 224 acres of land abandoned by the Connecticut Water Co.

Residents will vote on bonding $2.16 million to purchase the easement and
preserve the land as open space for passive recreation. The grant would decrease
the town's burden to about $1.67 million. The water company would retain title
to the land, which officials said would help keep the cost down.

"It's great news; it helps defray the cost of the purchase," First Selectman
Steven Wawruck said.

The average household's tax bill would climb about $20 a month in the first year
if the purchase is approved, and less each consecutive year, according to
estimates.

Barry Bernabe, the town's bond adviser, estimated that bonding for all capital
projects would raise the town's tax rate about a half-mill to 24.07 mills. The
land purchase would account for about a tenth of a mill in the increase, Finance
Director Barbara Bertrand said.

"It's the last large parcel of land that the town would be in a position to
acquire," Wawruck said.

Residents also will be asked to decide between Republican Dale Storms and
Democrat J. Christopher Kervick as the town's new probate judge. Longtime Judge
William Leary retired this summer. Voting will be in the usual polling
locations, in the high school and town hall, from 6 a.m. to 8 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 2, 2008



CORRECTION: A proposed open space purchase that will go to referendum in Windsor
Locks on Dec. 9 would increase the average household's tax bill by $16 a year in
the first year of payments and less thereafter. A story on Page A3 Monday
incorrectly said the purchase of 224 acres of former Connecticut Water Co. land
would cost the average taxpayer about $20 a month in the first year of payments.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Tribune (South Africa)

                               September 09, 2012
                                   E1 Edition

Toilets top of Zuma's to-do list

BYLINE:  Michael Mpofu

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 653 words


THE sanitation crisis has landed at President Jacob Zuma's doorstep.

More than a quarter of households in SA live with toilets that stopped working
soon after they were installed and 11 percent of households - almost 1.4 million
- lack any basic sanitation facilities.

This is according to a national study carried out by the Department of
Performance, Monitoring and Evaluation.

This week's cabinet lekgotla decided that attending to the country's long-term
water and sanitation needs would now become a strategic integrated project,
along with the 17 other major projects that make up the multibillion-rand
infrastructure build programme announced by Zuma in his State of the Nation
address in February.

Deputy director-general in the Department of Performance, Monitoring and
Evaluation Ahmed Vawda on Wednesday briefed Parliament's oversight committee on
human settlements on the alarming state of sanitation.

Vawda told MPs that although the sanitation backlog had been reduced from 52
percent in 1994 to 21 percent in 2010, there had been a "reversal, in terms of
adequacy".

He said the goal of achieving universal access to sanitation by 2014 was at
risk.

The department conducted its investigation into the state of sanitation at the
request of the SA Human Rights Commission.

It found that in 26 percent of households in urban settlements where facilities
had been fitted recently, they were already falling apart due to "a lack of
technical capacity to ensure effective operation, timely maintenance,
refurbishment and upgrading".

"About 11 percent of households [formal and informal] still have to be provided
with sanitation services. These have never had a government-supported sanitation
intervention," Vawda told MPs.

Municipalities were struggling to provide adequate facilities, mainly because
they spent only 30 percent of their sanitation budgets last year, and the money
was often used on other unrelated projects, said Vawda.

Almost three million households were in crisis, as some had no water facilities
to allow for sanitation to function effectively, while others had no systems.

Vawda said R90.8 billion was projected to be available, but only R50bn would be
required to solve the problem. However, he said the problem was that funds were
being used for other purposes.

"Spend the money where it's supposed to go and we will solve the problem," he
said.

The chairwoman of the human settlements committee, Beauty Dambuza, echoed
Vawda's sentiment on Friday, saying extra funding was not necessary.

She said if all the conditional grants allocated to sanitation infrastructure -
from the various departments involved such as Water Affairs - were made
available, this would solve the problem.

Responsibility for sanitation was handed to the Department of Human Settlements
in 2009 when its name was changed from the Department of Housing and its mandate
broadened to include the provision of sanitation, previously handled by Water
Affairs.

The committee felt there should be "integrated planning" between Human
Settlements and Water Affairs because even though sanitation had been
transferred, Water Affairs still shared some of the responsibility.

The failure to completely transfer responsibility to Human Settlements meant
"the function of providing facilities was transferred but funds were
notâ[#x20ac]¦ and legislation has also not been reviewed", Dambuza said.

This meant although funding was available for sanitation programmes, the
department relied on other sources of income, which were mostly conditional
grants.

"We fully agree that there is an issue; we know this because we have been there
[and] we can't believe it," Dambuza told the Sunday Tribune.

Briefing journalists on Friday on the outcome of the cabinet lekgotla, Minister
in the Presidency Collins Chabane said making water and sanitation a strategic
project co-ordinated from the Presidency would ensure that the necessary
co-ordination took place.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            March 17, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Two-tier rates could be fixed

BYLINE: Peter Dixon, Times Colonist

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 207  words


Re: "Two-tier hydro rates should go," March 13.

A two-tier power rate could promote conservation if the cost of the electricity
was equally shared among all families living under the same roof.

However, under the present system the meter must be registered under one
family's name, even though there might be other families under the same roof.
Out of necessity, some low-income families live together to reduce accommodation
costs.

Although the family who has the meter registered in their name is motivated to
reduce costs by complying with the two-tier system, they have no control over
the consumption habits of other families living in the same household.

The net result is the rate will go above the base rate of 1,350 kWh.

For low-income families, it is too expensive to install more than one meter. In
effect, this B.C. Utilities Commission is punishing low-income families who are
trying to make ends meet.

The commission should provide a grant or some other means to install additional
meters for each low-income family living in the same household. As it stands
now, the single-family household is in a better position to conserve water and
save money than the low-income families who must pay more because they are poor.

Peter Dixon

Victoria

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2010 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The West Australian (Perth)

                              June 26, 2009 Friday
                                 Second Edition

Shock as gas bills to soar by 23pc

BYLINE: PETER KERR

SECTION: MAI; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 488  words


Gas prices will rise 23 per cent next week, adding as much as $136 a year to
household bills, after the State Government last night allowed  financially
strapped Alinta to increase tariffs.

Small businesses also face a price increase.

The rise, which was blamed partly on the financial impact on Alinta from last
year's Varanus Island explosion, comes on top of big increases in water and
electricity charges announced in the State Budget last month, which the WA
Council of Social Service has already warned could drive families on low incomes
into poverty.

Household electricity bills are forecast to soar by between $200 and $440 next
year and consumers will have to pay at least $60 more over the same period in
water and sewerage charges.

WACOSS chief executive Sue Ash said last night that she was "stunned" by the gas
price increase.

"We are really concerned because we felt that people were already going to
struggle with what we expected would be a 9 per cent increase," she said.

This week, WACOSS released a report estimating the average household faced a 32
per cent rise in gas, electricity and water bills over the next five years, or
almost $800 a year more on essential services.

On top of rising unemployment and mortgage stress, they said this would make it
difficult for many households to pay their bills.

Although privately owned, Alinta requires Government approval to lift regulated
gas tariffs.

Alinta general manager retail sales Ralph Bates said the changes to tariffs were
likely to see a typical household's gas bill increase $1.70 a week.

Energy Minister Peter Collier said that last year's gas price rise - up  to $83
a year for a big household - was not enough to cover the cost of supply.

"As a result, this Government has been left with the difficult decision of
accepting Alinta's proposal for increases to its charges," he said.

"We are aware of the financial pressure householders and businesses are already
under and, Alinta  offers assistance to customers in hardship."

The Government increased the Hardship Utilities Grant Scheme by $12.6 million in
the Budget because of its concerns about the impact of electricity price rises
on low and fixed-income households.

Shadow energy minister Kate Doust said the rise was another impost on families
already struggling to deal with higher charges in the Budget.

Alinta was bought late in 2007 by a group consisting of Singapore Power
International, Babcock and Brown Infrastructure and Babcock and Brown Power.

But the purchase was heavily funded by debt and amid the global financial
crisis, Babcock and Brown has been forced to offload assets.

The company has refused to comment on potential bidders for Alinta, but the sale
process is understood to be continuing.

Alinta said it provided assistance with payments to more than 68,000 customers
last financial year.

Customers can call Alinta on 13 13 58 to discuss a payment arrangement or
payment extension.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 West Australian NewsPapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Safeguard your well water

BYLINE: By, George Hurd

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 847 words


CHAMBERSBURG - Residents who rely on a private well, spring or cistern for
drinking water can register to receive a basic water testing as part of a
two-hour home water and septic system workshop from 1-3 p.m. on Wednesday, May
25, at the Franklin County Extension Office, 181 Franklin Farm Lane,
Chambersburg. Penn State Extension along with the Master Well Owner Network are
sponsoring the workshop.

The clinic will provide education on  location, construction, testing,
maintenance, protection and treatment of private drinking water supplies. Since
80 percent of those of with private water supplies also have on-lot septic
systems, we will discuss care, maintenance and alternative  septic systems.

The workshop is free; however, we request advanced registration. The first 30
households registering will receive a copy of "A Guide to Private Water Systems
in Pennsylvania." The registration deadline is Friday, May 20.

Free drinking water testing will be provided for up to 30 households. Only one
well sample from each household will be tested. Samples from multiple wells from
one household will not be tested. Results  can help guide you in future testing
by accredited labs. Sample collection instructions will be provided. Support is
provided by the Master Well Owner Network grant from the Pennsylvania Department
of Environmental Protection and the Pennsylvania Groundwater Association.

Register online at: http://extension.psu.edu/home-water-septic. If you do not
have internet access, call Rhoda Crider at 717-263-9226 to register from 8:30
a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday.

The Pennsylvania State University encourages qualified persons with disabilities
to participate in its programs and activities. If you anticipate needing any
type of accommodation or have questions about the physical access provided,
contact George Hurd in advance of your participation or visit. For additional
information contact George Hurd, Penn State Extension, at 717-263-9226, or by
email at grh5@psu.edu

History and management of Pennsylvania forests

The forests in Pennsylvania provide a vast array of benefits including hardwood
production, wildlife habitat, water protection and recreation. About 60 percent
(17 million acres) of Pennsylvania is forested. Individuals and families own
about 75 percent of the forested land and provide 80 percent of Pennsylvania's
timber. Pennsylvania also has one of the largest expanses of public forestland
in the eastern United States. How Pennsylvania's forest resources were used in
the past, how they are managed today and the management needed to ensure healthy
forests for the future are the topics for the March 17 meeting of the Cumberland
Woodland Owners Association. The featured speaker will be Dr. James Finley, Penn
State professor of forest resources. The Cumberland Woodland Owners' Association
and West Pennsboro Township are sponsoring the meeting at 7 p.m. at the West
Pennsboro Township Municipal Building, 2150 Newville Road (Rt. 641), Carlisle.
You do not have to be a member to attend and there is no cost. Directions are
available online at: http://www.westpennsborotwp.org/contact.

Our forests are not without problems. The lack of forest regeneration,
particularly of some oak species, and a decrease in native biodiversity, caused
in part by high populations of white-tailed deer, are significant concerns. The
introduction of certain invasive plants threatens the existence of native plant
species. Outbreaks of exotic pests such as the gypsy moth and a host of native
defoliators continue to stress the forests. Fragmentation of forestland is of
concern. The transition of ownership of forest land from one generation to the
next can be a major issue for families.

To meet the ever-increasing demand on Pennsylvania's forest resources, we must
manage our forests differently than in the past to keep them healthy and
productive for the long term - an idea known as forest sustainability. Good
forestry requires concern for and understanding of the effects of our decisions
and actions on the well-being of the entire forest ecosystem.

The Cumberland Woodland Owners Association is an organization of forestland
owners and others interested in forestry issues in south central Pennsylvania.
For more information about the meeting or the Cumberland Woodland Owners
Association, contact Fred Peabody at 717-776-3565 (email: fredp5@ earthlink.net)
or Mike Waldron, 717-677-7317 (email: mdwald57@yahoo.com).

Soil testing reminder

Most gardeners think soil tests are done only to find out what nutrients are
deficient. However, it is just as important to know if you have adequate levels
of nutrients so you don't add unneeded fertilizer. The most basic soil test
checks pH and the levels of phosphorus and potassium. Most of the lawn and
garden soil tests that come out of our soil-testing lab show more than adequate
levels of both phosphorus and potassium.

So, if you haven't taken a soil test in several years, take one this spring.

George Hurd is an environmental/ resource development educator with Penn State
Extension Service.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: cpo


                         Copyright 2016 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Richmond Register (Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 27, 2009 Wednesday

County promises some relief to sewer customers: Those forced to buy pumps to get
free lines installed

BYLINE: Bill Robinson, Richmond Register, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 831 words


May 27--The 32 households along Colonel Road forced to buy a $2,800 sewage
grinder and pump in addition to paying a $1,200 fee to connect to the Northern
Madison County Sanitation District's new system will be out no more than those
costs, according to Madison Judge/Executive Cent Clark.

For those customers, the sewer district will pay to install lines from their
houses to the collection line, Clark told the more than 70 people who crowded
into the fiscal court meeting room Tuesday morning.

Households with incomes below the federal poverty guideline will not pay
anything, he said.

"I worked through the holiday weekend with the sewer district to reach this
solution," the judge/executive said.

Magistrate Roger Barger, whose district includes the area where the sewer system
is being installed, said he learned of the plan just prior to Tuesday's meeting.

The 32 customers received an April 29 letter from the sewer district advising
them of the price for the equipment in addition to the connection fee and cost
of installing lines from their houses to the collector line.

Some who attended the meeting questioned the requirement for connecting to the
sewer system when their septic tanks and fields appeared to have no problems.

Clark said septic systems often seep into the ground water, which eventually
reaches the Kentucky River.

Under the terms for the $42 million in grants and low-interest loans from state
and federal agencies used to construct a sewage treatment plant and install
collector lines, Clark said, households and businesses with property lines
within 500 feet of a sewer collection line are required to connect and
discontinue septic tank use.

Only the 32 households along Colonel Road require pumps, grinders and storage
tanks, he said. All other customers can rely on gravity to carry their sewage to
the collection line, he said. Those customers will have to pay for the lines
running from their homes as well as the connection fee, he said.

Affected households will be given 15 months to pay the $4,000, Clark said.

Several people who spoke said they rely on modest Social Security or other
retirement income, have high medical bills and could not afford the sewer costs.

"What about people whose income is above the poverty line but still can't afford
to absorb the cost of a sewer connection," one man asked.

"For anybody who cannot come up with the money in 15 months, we will work with
them," Clark said.

The time could be extended to 18 months or more in some cases, he said.

Customers can make arrangements though the accounting firm of Vice and Smith on
North Keeneland Drive, he said.

The maximum monthly residential sewer bill would be $45, Clark said.

Once they are connected to a public sewer system, "Your property value will
increase," the judge/executive said.

"And so will our tax bills," said someone in the audience.

Many who attended the meeting do not live on Colonel Road but had received
fliers and letters from neighbors telling them they could be next in line for
sewer costs when the district completes its second phase.

Clark said the outlook for new loans and grants was not promising and that the
district's next phase was "years away."

Some people said they had heard the pumps and grinders could require replacement
in two to three years.

Clark said sewage grinders installed up to 11 years ago in Boone's Trace
subdivision were still in good working order.

An open letter to Clark from Sam Deakins, who has been outspoken in his
opposition to the sewer connection requirement, said the estimated cost for some
households to connect to the sewage system would exceed $15,000.

In his letter, Deakins asked the county to reimburse the cost of connection
fees.

Deakins also asked why the fiscal court had authorized the sale of $1.8 million
in bonds to help finance construction of a new club house and other improvements
at Eastern Kentucky University's Arlington golf course.

At that point, the exchange between Clark and Deakins became heated.

If Deakins believed county taxpayers would have to pay off the Arlington bonds,
"Then you're crazier than I thought," Clark said.

"Well, you're crazier than I thought," Deakins said.

Sheriff Nelson O'Donnell then went up to the podium where Deakins was speaking
and said, "Sir, you're out of order."

"This is what I expected," Deakins said, and he walked away.

At the meeting's conclusion, county Treasurer Glenna Baker said the bonds
exposed the county to no liability, even if the Arlington Association defaulted.

Bill Robinson can be reached at brobinson@richmondregister.com or at 624-6622.

To see more of the Richmond Register or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.richmondregister.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Richmond Register, Ky.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090527-RP-County-promises-some-relief-to-sewer-customers-0527

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RP


                                 Copyright 2009


                              582 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Telegraph (LONDON)

                           October 21, 2006 Saturday

Saving energy is more than just hot air A few simple changes are all that is
needed to slash your fuel bills this winter, writes Melanie Wright

BYLINE: Melanie Wright

SECTION: YOUR MONEY; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 848 words


News you can use telegraph.co.uk/moneySOARING energy bills will place an even
bigger strain on household budgets as the weather gets colder. But by making
just a few changes around your home, you could cut costs and help the
environment.

To mark this year's Energy Saving Week, which starts on Monday, the Energy
Saving Trust is launching a campaign called Commit to Save Your 20pc.

The campaign is inspired by the Government's target to reduce carbon dioxide
emissions by 20pc by 2010. Just because nobody expects the Government to hit its
targets, this does not mean individuals cannot do their bit to help save the
planet.

Every household in the UK creates around six tonnes of carbon dioxide every
year. However, the Energy Saving Trust says the average household could save up
to pounds 300 a year by being more energy efficient and save up to two tonnes of
carbon dioxide at the same time.

The illustration at the bottom of this page shows how you can help keep energy
bills to a minimum, and reduce carbon dioxide emissions at the same time.

For example, installing just one energy-saving light bulb can save up to pounds
9 a year on your electricity bill, while fitting a jacket on your hot water tank
could save you up to pounds 20 a year and will reduce carbon emissions by 40kg
and 150kg respectively.

A spokesman for the Energy Saving Trust said: "As the days get shorter we will
become more dependent on our lights once again. Be a 'light-saver' by trading
your ordinary light bulbs for energy-saving ones. Priced from pounds 3.50,
energy-saving bulbs last up to 12 times longer and can cut energy wastage by
more than three quarters.''

Draught-proofing windows and doors will save you around pounds 20 a year and
turning your thermostat down by just one degree will cut another pounds 30 off
energy bills. Draught-proofing will reduce carbon emissions by around 140kg a
year and turning the thermostat down will cut them by 300kg.

Even boiling a kettle using only the amount of water you need can have a big
impact.

The Energy Saving Trust spokesman said: "The nation's tea-drinking habit is
costing us a small fortune every year in wasted energy used to boil unwanted
water in kettles. With the average person in the UK drinking five cups of tea a
day it's time to stop over-filling the kettle each time we crave a cuppa.

"If everyone boiled only the water they needed to make a cup of tea instead of
"filling'' the kettle every time, we could save enough electricity in a year to
run nearly half of all the street lighting in the country.''

There are more substantial ways in which you can make your home
energy-efficient, such as making sure that your home is properly insulated.

The Energy Saving Trust claims that uninsulated walls account for up to 33pc of
the heat lost in your home. Filling cavity walls could save you up to pounds 180
a year and cut carbon emissions by a tonne.

A job like this does not come cheap - cavity wall insulation costs from pounds
300 upwards - but there are grants available to help with the cost. The size of
grants available differs depending on personal circumstances, age and
geographical area, but they are not restricted only to the elderly or those on
low incomes.

To find out which grants might be available to you, call your local Energy
Efficiency Advice Centre on freephone 0800 512 012.

Grants are also available if you are considering fitting solar panels on your
property. These will enable you to power household appliances using the sun's
free energy, rather than gas or electricity.

Solar panels usually cost between pounds 4,000 and pounds 8,000 to install, but
a grant can reduce this by half. The average system will save households around
pounds 100 on their annual energy bills. Solar panels require only daylight to
generate electricity, rather than direct sunlight, so the wet British weather
should not be a problem.

To make your commitment to save energy, log on to www.energysavingtrust.org.
uk/commit.

Case Study

WHEN my husband Alistair Peck announced that the worms had arrived, my first
reaction was to get him to the local doctor.

Fortunately, I soon discovered that the worms are of the garden variety, and
that their purpose is to eat our waste fruit and vegetables, which they turn
into compost.

We have more than 3,000 of the wigglers munching away in a black plastic wormery
at the end of the garden. This is not only environmentally friendly, but it also
means that if the Government introduces its proposed 'rubbish bag tax' at least
our food waste will be kept to a minimum.

The only drawbacks are that it isn't exactly aesthetically pleasing, and it
definitely pongs a bit. But at least we, and the worms, are doing something
constructive.

Other energy-saving measures we have introduced include installing more
efficient light bulbs and insulating the hot water tank, which should save us
around pounds 50 on our annual energy bills. If my husband has his way, there
will be solar panels on the roof and a wind turbine in the garden. Very David
Cameron. Oh dear.

For more info, visit the website www.recycle-more.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                             May 5, 2010 Wednesday

Wong to propose quarterly trash fee for Fitchburg

BYLINE: By Emily Devlin, edevlin@sentinelandenterprise.com

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 604 words


FITCHBURG--Mayor Lisa Wong will propose a quarterly trash fee for all Fitchburg
households at a Finance Committee meeting next week.

City Council President Stephan Hay read a letter from Wong during a City Council
meeting Tuesday, which informed city councilors of her plans.

Wong, who did not arrive at the meeting until after Hay read the letter, said a
trash fee for all households is "one thing city officials are looking at" for
fiscal 2011, as a new contract with Waste Management is negotiated.

"We'll be giving the Finance Committee multiple proposals," Wong said.

The letter Hay read only spoke of a quarterly trash fee for all households,
which is a departure from a plan Wong talked about in April to impose a trash
fee only on multi-family homes with four units or more.

A trash fee and a tote system, like the one Leominster uses, would save money
and help close the $4.2 million deficit the city faces, according to Wong.

The Finance Committee meets next Tuesday at 7:30 p.m.

In other business, a fundamental disagreement between Wong and the Fitchburg
Airport Commission resurfaced Tuesday night.

The City Council voted unanimously to endorse the Airport Commission's five-year
capital improvement plan to expand the runway, but Wong said she has no plans to
sign state and federal grant assurances to pay for improvement projects until
airport commissioners sign a memorandum of understanding that protects the
city's authority over the airport.

"Right now, there are irreconcilable differences. There's going to have to be
movement from one party or the other," Wong said.

The grant assurances give the airport commission a level of autonomy on
management and oversight dealings that are not acceptable, Wong said.

Airport Commissioner Kit Walker said he and other commissioners are not
authorized to sign a memorandum of understanding about grants that are issued
from the state and federal governments.

"For the commission to sign the memorandum would violate the contracts already
in place," Walker said.

Several city councilors said they wanted Wong to and commissioners to arrive at
a solution so the runway expansion project can move forward.

City Solicitor Michael Ciota, who's been involved with the discussion, said he
and Wong are trying to set up a meeting, not only with airport commissioners,
but with U.S. Rep. John Olver, D-Mass., and state Sen. Jennifer Flanagan,
D-Leominster, to discuss the problem.

Councilor-at-large Thomas Conry, visibly frustrated, said that Wong and airport
commissioners are engaged in a power struggle.

"We've signed these assurances for years and years and years. Now we're engaged
in a power play with the airport," Conry said.

Also Tuesday, the City Council approved a highly-debated $1.1 million loan order
requested by Water Commissioner Denis Meunier, to fix a broken water filtration
system at the Regional Wastewater Treatment Facility in Westminster.

"There is a concern that the integrity of our water system will be endangered in
Fitchburg if we do not do something about the clarifiers. All we had to do is
pick up a paper this weekend or turn on the television to see what happened in
the Greater Boston area," Conry said.

Councilor-at-large Rosemary Reynolds and Ward Councilors Joseph Solomito and
Kevin Starr, voted against the loan order in a roll-call vote.

The City Council also voted to Tuesday deny a request by Paul Muzyka, owner of a
Crawford Street property, to remove a deed restriction that allows only
industrial use in the building. City councilors expressed concern a non-profit
would move in and the city would lose tax revenue if the restriction were
removed.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           February 27, 2010 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Turning off solar;
ENERGY - Encouraged by government incentives, thousands of Australians made the
switch to solar power, but the sudden death of the rebate scheme and the arrival
of higher bills have left many feeling burnt.

BYLINE: MARK HAWTHORNE and MATHEW MURPHY, Mark Hawthorne and Mathew Murphy are
Age business reporters.

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1888 words


PETER Strickland is an unlikely type to pick a fight. Or he was until two years
ago when the 76-year-old retiree from Bittern, a small town on the Mornington
Peninsula, decided to install a solar power system at the family home.

Encouraged by an $8000 federal grant, and a desire to help the environment, he
and his wife, Kathie, chose a typical seven-panel home system. "Like a lot of
people down here, retirees, we could have gone out and spent some money on a new
car or a holiday, but we decided to do something good instead, do something for
the environment and the country."

Little did he know that one decision would lead to higher power bills, and a
two-year battle with power companies over unpaid energy he has fed back into the
electricity grid.

The Stricklands, like many households, for years had what the industry calls
"time-of-use metering" and an off-peak electric hot water service that heated
water at night to take advantage of cheaper rates.

By going solar, their time-of-use metering was axed. The couple's water is still
heated at night but they pay a higher rate for it. "No one told us this when we
installed the system," Strickland says. "Someone is getting that money, because
we're paying the full rate to use power that's meant to be cheaper."

He has gathered together a band of local residents, mostly retirees, who claim
they are paying more for power after installing a solar system â[#x20ac]" in
winter some bills have almost tripled.

They call themselves the Power Partners, and have submitted their complaints to
the Ombudsman and to state Energy Minister Peter Batchelor, to highlight flaws
in the system that has been adopted by thousands of Australian homes.

A policy that started its life with little fanfare back in 2000 ended up as one
of the last cash splashes of the Howard government. The Coalition doubled its
long-standing grant to homes that installed solar energy systems to $8000 per
household.

The move, announced in the May 2007 budget, would cost about $150 million over
five years, but the government was making a last-ditch attempt to show its green
credentials ahead of an election.

Al Gore's documentary An Inconvenient Truth was hitting DVD shelves around the
country, after being an unlikely cinema blockbuster of 2006, and Sir Nicholas
Stern had just delivered to the British government his 700-page report on the
economics of climate change, suggesting that the benefits of strong, early
action considerably outweighed the potential costs.

A green tide was turning, but the Coalition's new-found eco-friendly initiatives
were deemed greenwash by the electorate, and the Rudd government romped to
victory at the 2007 election.

That should have been the end of a Howard-era scheme, but it is unsurprising
that the inhabitants of this sunburnt country embraced solar power. The idea of
harnessing the power of the sun to generate electricity, and getting a
government rebate to do so, was appealing. So, the newly elected government kept
the solar program, made some minor changes, and rebadged it as the Solar Homes
and Communities Plan.

What it failed to do was predict how enthusiastically Australians would embrace
the scheme.

A basic one kilowatt installation costs about $12,000, much less with imported
parts and panels, so the $8000 rebate covered at least two-thirds of the initial
outlay.

From 153 applications a week in November 2007, the figure rose to 420 a week by
May 2008. Means-testing applicants, and capping eligibility at an annual income
of $100,000, did little to curb demand. By May last year more than 6000 solar
rebate applications were being lodged every week.

It was at this point that Environment Minister Peter Garrett announced that the
whole scheme would be scrapped on June 30, to be replaced by a less generous,
but non-means-tested, solar credits program.

Just as the solar industry was trying to figure out what the removal of the
rebate would mean for business, Garrett dropped another bombshell. On June 9
last year, three weeks before the rebate was due to end, he and Climate Change
Minister Penny Wong put out a media release with the euphemistic title:
Government continues to grow renewable energy industry.

What the pair actually did was close applications for the rebate. Not in three
weeks, as Garrett had indicated a month earlier, but that day. Households and
solar installers who wanted the $8000 rebate had just eight hours to submit
their applications.

"This Government has overseen more installations of solar systems in 18 months
than we saw over the previous eight years," Garrett said, as government spin
went into overdrive.

That was true: 120,000 homes have installed solar power under the Rudd
government's tenure of the program, and the scheme also provided jobs. The
number of accredited solar panel installers has doubled in the past year to
1200.

The scheme was ultimately killed by its own success, and killed in haste when it
dawned on the government that it was out of control â[#x20ac]" the cost overrun
of the program was $850 million.

Even now there is a backlog of applications for the grant. According to an
October email by the Department of the Environment, Water, Heritage and the
Arts, more than 60,000 applications from households "seeking approval to go
ahead with their installation" were outstanding.

In Victoria, the backlog means thousands of homes now have solar panels on their
roofs but not the required two-way meter to record the power they produce.

One distribution company, CitiPower/Powercor, estimates that 2000 homes have
solar panels on their roofs and no meter. Another 7000 solar homes in its
distribution area are "in the pipeline" and will need a meter. Other
distributors are said to be in a similar position.

That leaves a financial burden for many homes that are yet to be connected
â[#x20ac]" in order to obtain the state government's 66 cent per kilowatt hour
premium feed-in tariff for power supplied to the grid, a two-way smart meter
must be installed.

The appeal of solar is twofold: reduced dependence on coal-fired power, and the
chance to sell renewable energy back.

The scheme did, however, attract cowboy installers, although to a lesser extent
than the home insulation fiasco. Consumer Affairs Victoria and Energy Safe
Victoria have been made aware of supposedly dodgy private operators who are
either bringing in inferior panels from countries such as China, or installing
the panels without adhering to the AS3000 standard for wiring.

These systems are not capable of generating the claimed one-kilowatt output.

A source at one power distributor told The Age homes with a standard
one-kilowatt solar system, as recommended under Canberra's scheme, would "very
rarely" contribute any power back to the grid and earn money for a household.

"Unless it's a sunny day, and a good quality panel, and not one of the cheap
imports, a one-kilowatt system can barely power the fridge and hot water system,
let alone feed any meaningful power back."

The industry was prepared for such problems, and the hurdles put in place to get
the $8000 rebate, such as approval from an accredited Clean Energy Council
contractor, have stopped widespread rorting of the system.

What no one expected was for homes to get higher power bills. Part of the
problem lies with inferior installations, but the main problem is the loss of
off-peak concessions, both electricity and gas, for hot water and in-floor
heating after installing solar systems. Only now, as many solar households face
rising power bills, is that impact hitting home.

Fiona McLeod, Victoria's Energy and Water Ombudsman, said an eight-fold increase
in complaints to her office about the scheme proved there was an escalating
problem.

Higher bills this week prompted electricity distributor CitiPower/Powercor to
call an industry-wide meeting in Melbourne. It invited retailers, the Energy and
Water Ombudsman and the Department of Primary Industry. A spokesman for the
distributor said it was clear that some installers were not informing households
of added costs and lost discounts.

"The most important thing is for customers to understand that the existing
wiring and tariffing arrangement may have significant implications for their
desire to install solar panels and receive the premium feed-in tariff," he said.
"Every customer must check with their electricity retailer about the
implications of getting on to the premium feed-in tariffs before they sign any
piece of paper."

While the companies and government departments point the finger at each other
over unpaid tariffs and lost discounts, consumers bear the brunt of the problem.

Graeme Love, 68, is a Power Partner with a high-quality solar system rated at
1.35 kilowatts, with an ungraded inverter and digital reader. A retired farmer
who lived off the power grid, Love for years relied on solar and wind power, and
is experienced at monitoring and measuring power use. "We do everything
off-peak, at night, from the washing to running the pool pump, and feed power
back into the grid during the day," he says.

For 15 months Love has been feeding power back into the grid, but he hasn't
received a cent for any of it. "By my calculations, I would be getting about
$6-$7 a day for the power I am giving back, but TRUenergy cannot provide me with
an account showing details of my usage and generation fed back to the grid,"
Love said.

He has refused to pay his power bill for more than a year, and has a complaint
before the Ombudsman. "I have told TRUenergy I will not pay any account they
send that does not include those details and which does not accurately match the
output figures shown on my inverter."

Ann, another Power Partner, installed a standard one-kilowatt solar panel
system, partly funded by federal rebate, in September last year. Ann first
approached AGL to obtain confirmation that her off-peak rate would not change.
"On 17 September a very nice woman from AGL kindly rang me to say the advice was
incorrect and I would lose my off-peak rate," Ann says. "We calculated my power
bill would be about $50 more per quarter."

Ann complained to the electricity Ombudsman, to Batchelor's office and to her
distributor, Jemena.

AGL has since offered Ann an apology and a total refund of just $56.

"My feeling is that the power companies are trying to eliminate off-peak
altogether. Many people do not seem to know that it exists. I have chosen to
leave my panels sitting on the roof doing nothing until the power companies and
the government work out the tariffs."

Another member of the group, who wishes to be identified as "Roger", says his
electricity bill has increased by about $300 a quarter after losing time-of-use
metering. "The feed-in tariff is an illusion as most normal households have such
day-time use that they are unlikely to achieve any net feed-in at 66 cents," he
says.

When he installed his system, Roger calculated the pay-back time would be five
years. After living with his solar system, that estimate has changed. "In
reality there is negligible feed-in, so that pay-back after grants will be
around 20 years."

All these complaints have been sent to the Ombudsman, and to the office of
Batchelor, but none of the Power Partners has received a reply. Once a bright
idea, the lure of solar power has left thousands of Victorian homes facing the
prospect of a gloomy and expensive winter.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The government's solar power push has proved to be a burden for
many Australians. IMAGE: JUDY GREEN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            March 12, 2014 Wednesday

Community Based Sustainable Land Management

LENGTH: 537  words


Project Number: NEP/SGP/OP5/Y3/STAR/LD/13/02
Country: Nepal
Area Of Work: Land Degradation
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 35,000.00
Start Date: 11/2013
End Date: 6/2015
Status: Currently under execution
Project Description: Lekhani VDC lies in eastern remote part of Baglung
district, which is 8 hours walk from district headquarter. The altitude ranges
from 1400 meters to 2700 meters above mean sea level, revealing typical
characteristics of steepness of mid-hills. At an altitude of 2300 meters, there
is a Gaja (roof of the village) lake which shrinks to 10,000 square feet during
winter but swells during rainy season. The VDC has two community forests with
total area of 396.62 hectares- Kadesh Community Forest (267.50 ha with 146
household members) and Dekho Thulo Janti Community Forest (129.12ha with 389
household members). Major tree species are Lali Gurans (Rhododendron arboretum),
Kharsu (Quercus semecarpifolia), Loth salla (Taxes baccata).


Despite the forest cover at hill tops, Lekhani is suffering from peculiar
phenomenon of landslide, gradual slipping and soil erosion. Initiated in some 50
years ago, the landmass has been slipping gradually. The landslide in 2001,
displaced 8 families, destroyed their agricultural land and also disrupted water
flow system in the village. Thus the project aimed to stabilize the landmass
slipping by properly channeling the water flow system, agroforestry and
plantation.
Grantee: Gaja Youth Club Nepal
Organisation Mission : For GEF SGP, the community-based approach is the
cornerstone for addressing local and global environmental and sustainable
development challenges. SGP provides grants to civil society organizations
(CSOs), notably national and local non-governmental organizations (NGOs),
community-based organizations (CBOs), and indigenous peoples organizations. SGP
grantees may also include other not-for-profit organizations such as
professional associations, unions and other civil society groups.
By enabling a direct connection between sustainable livelihoods and the
generation of local and global livelihoods, SGP empowers communities to act and
participate in their own development and hence ensures community ownership and
impact. Over the course of the last 20 years, SGP has provided grants to over
12,000 grantees with 64 percent of grants channeled to NGOs, 34 percent to CBOs,
and 2 percent to other not-for-profit organizations. More than 60 percent of
projects have directly benefitted communities either through direct grants to
CBOs or through other NGOs and CSOs working with communities.

Project Partner :
GEF Secretariat
1818 H Street, NW, Mail Stop P4-400
Washington, DC 20433 USA
Tel: (202) 473-0508
Fax: (202) 522-3240/3245
Email: secretariat@thegef.org
Project completion date : 2015-06-30 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : P.O. Box 107
Kathmandu
Attn:  Mr. Gopal Raj Sherchan

Country :Nepal
Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme
One United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017
Tel: +1 (212) 906-5000
Call: +1 (212) 963-1234
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                            August 31, 2006 Thursday
                          First with the news Edition

Beattie woos the green thumb vote

BYLINE: Steven Wardill, Rosanne Barrett

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 653  words


EVERY Queensland household would be given a $50 voucher to help ensure their
garden was drought-tolerant if the Beattie Government is returned to power on
September 9.

Householders would be encouraged to spend the vouchers on native plants, but
also would be allowed to use it for mulch or wetting agents such as water
storage crystals and gels.

The two-year, $5 million plan was announced by Premier Peter Beattie yesterday
as part of a $35.5 million policy for a range of new rebates and grants to help
tackle the southeast corner's water crisis.

Mr Beattie also said that if re-elected his Government would consider allowing
people to continue using slow-drip irrigation systems, which can be more
efficient than buckets which people have to use under the current regime of
restrictions.

The Government also committed $500,000 towards an education campaign to promote
waterwise gardening, a sweetener designed to assist a nursery industry hammered
by level three restrictions.

Unveiling his plans at Wooloowin's Clifford House nursing home, Mr Beattie also
announced that organisations such as sporting clubs and churches would be
granted access to grants of up to $30,000 towards installing rainwater tanks,
dual-flush toilets and other water-efficient devices. ''Helping these
organisations to save water and use non-reticulated sources of water, such as
rainwater, greywater and recycled, will save them money on local council water
charges,'' Mr Beattie said.

On the household vouchers, the Premier conceded that the $50 would not cover the
cost of ensuring a garden was entirely water-wise.

''What it is meant to do is start as an incentive, as a catalyst, to encourage
people to plant Australian natives,'' he said.

As part of Labor's revamped water plans, households in Brisbane, Logan and the
Gold Coast will also get access to the Government's $200 pool-cover rebate.

Previously, homeowners within those areas weren't eligible for the rebates
because they were offered by their local council.

The Government's $20 million pool-cover rebate will be extended to cover up to
80 per cent of the purchase costs.

The policy announcement came as business lobby group Commerce Queensland called
on the Government to provide certainty for corporate access to electricity.

President Beatrice Booth said fbusinesses were concerned that the Western
Corridor Recycled Water Scheme -- to pipe recycled water in regional areas --
might not be completed in time to keep power stations online.

She said another major concern was the uncertainty of level four water
restriction provisions and whether business would be required to pay for the
cost of recycling.

Campaign in 60 seconds

GOOD DAY

Family First Finally gets some attention with a family-friendly policy for first
home buyers.

BAD DAY

Peter Beattie Who was forced to close a legal loophole for water restriction
abusers.

MAGIC MOMENT

Now a fan, Peter Beattie says Wayne Goss was a better Premier than himself.

QUOTES

Peter Findlay "You can't fly a plane unless you have regular mental health
checks in this country."

The Family First director launching the party's tough young drivers policy.

"I've got a lot of admiration for politicians who are willing to jump on the
'TalkBlack' program (such as) Lawrence, is that his name? " A caller on
indigenous radio raises profile issues for the opposition.

YESTERDAY'S POLICIES

Labor

$35.5m towards a new range of rebates and grants to help tackle the southeast
corner's water crisis.

Coalition

Mandatory jail and rehabiltation programs for pedophiles; $5m to improve cardiac
services for Cairns

SPENDOMETER

The total cost of the policies announced during the campaign so far:

$3.2b

ALP

$4.15b

LIB/NAT

Denotes new spending announced during the campaign

WHERE THEY ARE TODAY

Peter Beattie:

Brisbane

Lawrence Springborg:

Unknown

Bruce Flegg:

Gold Coast and Brisbane

Keep up to date with all the breaking election news throughout the campaign at
news.com.au/couriermail

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday
                              Advertiser2 Edition

Sewer plan raises stink

BYLINE: ANDREW HOUGH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 447  words


A PROPOSAL to build a Â­multi-Â­million-dollar sewerage network in a South
Australian seaside town has caused a big stink amid fears residents face hefty
bills to help pay for the project.

A row has erupted in Â­Cowell, on the Eyre Peninsula, over the $6.7 million
council project, which involves connecting every household and business to a new
pipe system.

Residents have condemned Franklin Harbour District Council"s proposal amid fears
it will force some to pay up to $10,000 for plumbing work on top of a new annual
$400 levy.

Council officials argue it would modernise waste systems and ensure effluent was
treated safely.

Currently residents have either their own septic tanks with "soakage
trenchesâ[#x20ac] or an "aerobicâ[#x20ac] system and use the water on their
gardens.

Under the new proposals, every resident would have to connect to the pipe
network that will send sewage to a 2000sq m treatment plant on the town"s
outskirts.

The human waste would be then be treated and the "grey waterâ[#x20ac] used to
water council land and other areas such as the local football oval.

The council has told residents they will have to fund the cost of installing
pipes, to the dismay of many in the town, 110km southwest of Whyalla.

The council admits most households face a "one-off costâ[#x20ac] of $1500-$5000
for plumbing, but conceded it was not "unrealisticâ[#x20ac] that more
complicated work could cost up to $10,000.

An annual levy of $400-$430 would help pay for the project. Government grants
and council borrowing would cover remaining costs.

The dispute prompted a community meeting last month where residents aired their
fears about the project"s cost and criticism at not having access to their own
water.

Locals also attacked the lack of council consultation about the project, which
would take about 12 months to build.

The town of almost 1100 people is one of the last remaining areas on the Eyre
Peninsula that does not have a "commonâ[#x20ac] effluent system.

The plans are due to be voted on by the council next month, before going out for
a 21-day public consultation.

Council works manager Darren Zechner confirmed it was "up to property owners to
connect their drainageâ[#x20ac] and said officials were aware of the cost
concerns. The council is considering a scheme to help cash-strapped residents.

"It sounds like a lot of money ... but it is cheaper than replacing the septic
tank,â[#x20ac] he said.

Lynda Turner and husband Ashley use water from their sewage tank"s soakage pit
to water their "very greenâ[#x20ac] grass, garden and vegetable patch and are
concerned they won"t be able to maintain the garden.

"Water is such a rare resource and I don"t want my plants to die,â[#x20ac] Mrs
Turner said."We are also concerned about the cost.â[#x20ac]

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                           September 14, 2014 Sunday

Grant Rea Park in Montebello gets new source of water

BYLINE: Mike Sprague

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 262 words


MONTEBELLO >> Grant Rea Park is getting a bit of a makeover and a new water
system that is expected to save 18 million gallons, enough to serve 110
households.

The park already is receiving reclaimed wastewater from Central Basin Municipal
Water District for its irrigation system as a result of an $84,000 grant from
the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California.

Councilwoman Vivian Romero said she s thrilled about the recycled water project.

I m proud we re part of such an impactful project,  Romero said.  It s the
smartest way we can conserve our water resources.

Robert DiPrimio, vice president of San Gabriel Valley Water Company, which
provides water to that area, said the city will save money as a result of using
recycled water.

This will provide a drought-proof source of water for Grant Rea Park, and it
will allow the price of water to decrease by 6.4 percent,  he predicted.

Work is expected to begin this month on other projects, including an upgrade of
the park s restrooms, a new filtration system for a spray pool and a new
concrete walkway that will provide accessibility to a baseball field, petting
zoo, and batting cages.

A $500,000 grant from Los Angeles County will pay for the improvements.

For a number of years, there have been some serious issues (at the park),
particularly regarding the restrooms,  Mayor Bill Molinari said.  Toilets have
overflowed on a regular basis and there have been clogged sewer lines.

The new filtration system will allow the continued use of the spray pool, said
City Administrator Francesca Tucker-Schuyler.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                           September 14, 2014 Sunday

Grant Rea Park in Montebello gets new source of water

BYLINE: Mike Sprague

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 262 words


MONTEBELLO >> Grant Rea Park is getting a bit of a makeover and a new water
system that is expected to save 18 million gallons, enough to serve 110
households.

The park already is receiving reclaimed wastewater from Central Basin Municipal
Water District for its irrigation system as a result of an $84,000 grant from
the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California.

Councilwoman Vivian Romero said she s thrilled about the recycled water project.

I m proud we re part of such an impactful project,  Romero said.  It s the
smartest way we can conserve our water resources.

Robert DiPrimio, vice president of San Gabriel Valley Water Company, which
provides water to that area, said the city will save money as a result of using
recycled water.

This will provide a drought-proof source of water for Grant Rea Park, and it
will allow the price of water to decrease by 6.4 percent,  he predicted.

Work is expected to begin this month on other projects, including an upgrade of
the park s restrooms, a new filtration system for a spray pool and a new
concrete walkway that will provide accessibility to a baseball field, petting
zoo, and batting cages.

A $500,000 grant from Los Angeles County will pay for the improvements.

For a number of years, there have been some serious issues (at the park),
particularly regarding the restrooms,  Mayor Bill Molinari said.  Toilets have
overflowed on a regular basis and there have been clogged sewer lines.

The new filtration system will allow the continued use of the spray pool, said
City Administrator Francesca Tucker-Schuyler.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                           September 14, 2014 Sunday

Grant Rea Park in Montebello gets new source of water

BYLINE: Mike Sprague

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 262 words


MONTEBELLO >> Grant Rea Park is getting a bit of a makeover and a new water
system that is expected to save 18 million gallons, enough to serve 110
households.

The park already is receiving reclaimed wastewater from Central Basin Municipal
Water District for its irrigation system as a result of an $84,000 grant from
the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California.

Councilwoman Vivian Romero said she s thrilled about the recycled water project.

I m proud we re part of such an impactful project,  Romero said.  It s the
smartest way we can conserve our water resources.

Robert DiPrimio, vice president of San Gabriel Valley Water Company, which
provides water to that area, said the city will save money as a result of using
recycled water.

This will provide a drought-proof source of water for Grant Rea Park, and it
will allow the price of water to decrease by 6.4 percent,  he predicted.

Work is expected to begin this month on other projects, including an upgrade of
the park s restrooms, a new filtration system for a spray pool and a new
concrete walkway that will provide accessibility to a baseball field, petting
zoo, and batting cages.

A $500,000 grant from Los Angeles County will pay for the improvements.

For a number of years, there have been some serious issues (at the park),
particularly regarding the restrooms,  Mayor Bill Molinari said.  Toilets have
overflowed on a regular basis and there have been clogged sewer lines.

The new filtration system will allow the continued use of the spray pool, said
City Administrator Francesca Tucker-Schuyler.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

What if my septic tank fails the inspection?

SECTION: FARMING;FEATURES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 421 words


IF YOUR septic tank system fails the inspection process, you can apply for a
grant of up to (EURO)4,000 from the Department of the Environment.

The grant is only available to householders whose septic tanks have failed the
EPA inspection and who have received an advisory notice from the EPA.

The grant is available to carry out work to repair or upgrade domestic waste
water treatment systems (septic tanks). However, it will not be available to
householders who did not register their tank before the February 2013 deadline.

Table 1 shows the level of grants available to householders, depending on their
annual income.

Households with an income of up to (EURO)50,000 per year will be eligible to
apply for a grant of 80pc of approved costs, up to a maximum of (EURO)4,000.

Households with incomes between (EURO)50,001 and (EURO)75,000 per year will be
eligible for a grant of 50pc of approved costs, up to a maximum of (EURO)2,500.

Your household income is calculated as the property owner's gross taxable income
in the previous tax year, together with that of his or her spouse or partner.

For self-employed farmers, a notice of income assessment will be needed with the
application, while PAYE employees will need a PAYE balancing statement.

The grant is aimed at covering only capital or once-off costs in upgrading the
septic tank and will not cover the costs of maintaining, servicing or
de-sludging a tank.

This is because the Department of the Environment has said that these are costs
owners should be covering as a matter of course to keep their septic tanks
functioning properly.

Application forms for the grant are available from the Department of the
Environment website, www.environ.ie.

The application must include all supporting documentation, including evidence of
household income, itemised receipts for the work carried out, and a copy of the
contractor's tax clearance certificate.

Like previous farm building schemes, your application for grant aid must be
accompanied by a receipt from each contractor you employ to upgrade your septic
tank.

The receipts must include details of the works carried out and the associated
costs.

You must also submit a copy of a current tax clearance certificate for every
contractor employed for the job.

Grant applications should be submitted to the local authority covering the area
where your septic tank is located and if you need help with completing the form,
contact the local authority.

The advisory note will state that the septic tank constitutes a risk and explain
the reasons why

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                           November 11, 2010 Thursday
                                  City Edition

No separate water bills: Murphy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 317 words


SEPARATE water charges in Northern Ireland are likely to be ruled out on a
permanent basis, Conor Murphy has indicated.

The Stormont Executive has twice deferred introducing household charges
initiated by direct rule ministers to pay for the Government-owned delivery
company Northern Ireland Water (NIW).

But the Regional Development Minister said he believed the Executive would soon
take a definitive decision to axe the funding model once and for all.

The reference to "separate" water charges will be seen as potentially
significant, as it would still leave open the option of hiking household rates
bills to help fund investment in water and sewerage infrastructure.

Mr Murphy said: "I don't think it's sustainable in the longer term just to
simply go on every once and a while and take the decision of deferral, we need
to actually change the structures themselves," he told members of his Stormont
scrutiny committee. "I don't and I haven't heard any proposition from any party
round the Executive table to initiate a separate system of water charging."

Since 2007 the Executive has stumped up £200m a year to replace the revenue
funding for NIW that would have been collected through the charges.

Ministers have argued that householders already pay for their water in their
rates bills.

In the worsening economic situation there have been calls in some quarters for
the charges to be introduced.

But, significantly, neither Sinn Fein nor the DUP proposed any such measure in
their recent economic proposals to deal with the £4bn reduction to the block
grant.

Mr Murphy acknowledged that scrapping the separate charges would mean finding
the £200m from elsewhere in the Stormont budget, but he said that was a stance
the Executive seemed to favour. He added: "That is certainly the direction of
travel that this current Executive and the parties in this Assembly want to go."

CAPTION: Stance: Conor Murphy

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                Copyright 2010 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                           November 11, 2010 Thursday
                                 First Edition

No separate water bills: Murphy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 317 words


SEPARATE water charges in Northern Ireland are likely to be ruled out on a
permanent basis, Conor Murphy has indicated.

The Stormont Executive has twice deferred introducing household charges
initiated by direct rule ministers to pay for the Government-owned delivery
company Northern Ireland Water (NIW).

But the Regional Development Minister said he believed the Executive would soon
take a definitive decision to axe the funding model once and for all.

The reference to "separate" water charges will be seen as potentially
significant, as it would still leave open the option of hiking household rates
bills to help fund investment in water and sewerage infrastructure.

Mr Murphy said: "I don't think it's sustainable in the longer term just to
simply go on every once and a while and take the decision of deferral, we need
to actually change the structures themselves," he told members of his Stormont
scrutiny committee. "I don't and I haven't heard any proposition from any party
round the Executive table to initiate a separate system of water charging."

Since 2007 the Executive has stumped up £200m a year to replace the revenue
funding for NIW that would have been collected through the charges.

Ministers have argued that householders already pay for their water in their
rates bills.

In the worsening economic situation there have been calls in some quarters for
the charges to be introduced.

But, significantly, neither Sinn Fein nor the DUP proposed any such measure in
their recent economic proposals to deal with the £4bn reduction to the block
grant.

Mr Murphy acknowledged that scrapping the separate charges would mean finding
the £200m from elsewhere in the Stormont budget, but he said that was a stance
the Executive seemed to favour. He added: "That is certainly the direction of
travel that this current Executive and the parties in this Assembly want to go."

CAPTION: Stance: Conor Murphy

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                Copyright 2010 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Asian Image

                             June 26, 2014 Thursday

UK charity Shining Hope launches India water project

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 306 words


A UK-based charity has launched a new programme that aims to provide
disadvantaged communities in northern India with a steady water supply.

Shining Hope Foundation, which provides grants to specially selected projects
around the world, has launched a Rainwater Harvesting programme to help people
gather and store rainwater - a move which could benefit hundreds of people in
Bodhgaya, a village community in the state of Bihar.

Preserving rainwater is essential for those living in drought-ridden Bihar,
where water is in short supply for large parts of the year.

The foundation's programme will see rainwater collected from roof-tops and
stored in tanks, which should provide villagers with enough water for washing,
cooking, sanitation requirements and the watering of gardens.

Shining Hope Foundation is currently handing out free water tanks to schools and
households, with them only having to cover the small cost of the plumbing
required to install the system.

Marie Saint-Arnoult, trustee and founder of Shining Hope Foundation, said: "We
started this project by carrying out a number of meetings and discussions with
village communities; explaining to them the concept, uses and advantages of
rainwater harvesting.

"The feedback was fantastic. As a result, those who expressed an interest were
instructed to build platforms for the installation of water tanks and to fit
pipes that would carry water from roof-tops to the tank.

"To date, Shining Hope Foundation has already managed to help 32 households and
four schools (Dema, Gopalkhera, Chando and Barsuddi) install the whole rainwater
harvesting system, while several others are in the process of installing it. By
the end of this project we expect our villages to be well equipped to cover
household levels of water harvesting. This is something we are very excited
about supporting."

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                             August 9, 2011 Tuesday
                                  1st Edition

Q&A

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 307 words


Q Why was the scheme launched? A To give households up to pounds 1,250 to
install renewable heating systems such as biomass boilers, air and ground source
heat pumps and solar thermal panels. Q How much is the fund worth? A It's a
one-off, pounds 15m pot of money, with pounds 3m earmarked to registered social
landlords to improve their housing stock. The remaining pounds 12m will be
available to households. There is unlikely to be any top-up fund once the money
runs out.

Q When will the fund become available? A People can apply for grants now. It is
available until 31 March, 2012 on a first come, first served basis.

Q Does the amount you get depend on the type of installation? A In short, yes.
Grants for the following technologies will be available: - Ground source heat
pump - pounds 1,250 grant (for homes without mains gas heating) - Biomass
boiler: pounds 950 grant (for homes without mains gas heating) - Air source heat
pump: pounds 850 grant (for homes without mains gas heating) - Solar thermal hot
water panels: pounds 300 grant (available to all households regardless of the
type of heating system used) Q How do I apply? A Householders can call 0800 512
012 or visit www.energysavingtrust.org.uk/RHPP.

Q Who runs the scheme? A The Energy Saving Trust Q What's the catch? A Everyone
who gets a grant will have to complete surveys and provide the Government with
feedback on their experiences. The Department of Energy and Climate Change wants
to monitor how the technologies perform and how beneficial they are to
householders.

Q How green will this scheme really be? A Along with other renewable heat
schemes it will save 4.4m tonnes of carbon a year, according to DECC - equal to
the amount produced by two new gas power stations. Currently half of the UK's
carbon emissions come from the energy used to generate heat.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: gz


                    Copyright 2011 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           September 6, 2012 Thursday

500,000 warned over septic tanks

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 363 words


Grants to upgrade waste water systems for owners will depend on their household
budget and will not be available, if at all, until at least mid-2013.

The threat of legal action and information about possible financial support is
contained in a leaflet sent to up to 500,000 households nationwide.

Tom Curran, head of the city and county manager's water committee, told the
Irish Examiner that the information leaflet was not sent to scare tank owners.

"This is not to frighten people. It's part of an intensive campaign."

Fewer than 10% of properties with tanks or on waste water systems have
registered.

The Government had originally planned a flat  50 fee. Following protests, it was
announced that the charge would be  5 if tanks and systems were registered
before Sept 27.

After that, the registration charge will rise to  50, and waste water systems
must be registered by Feb 2013.

The leaflet adds: "It is intended that the revenue raised will be used by the
water services authorities to manage the registers and to meet the cost of
having inspections carried out. There will be no inspection charge for
households."

Rural groups and TDs have said the system is unfair and will penalise those
outside urban areas. Families will also be unable to pay for tank upgrades, some
argue.

Property owners are warned in leaflets that failing to register by Feb 1, 2013
will leave them at a "higher risk of inspection". Legal action could be
initiated.

"If you do not register your system you will be committing an offence, rendering
yourself liable to prosecution," reads the leaflet. "It will also be more likely
that an inspection will take place."

Details are also provided on dealing with defective systems, how tank owners can
tell if there are problems, how to desludge systems, and the possibility of
financial support.

Mr Curran, who is overseeing the registration of tanks, said: "We are about to
begin a big media campaign. And have sent these leaflets to 500,000 homes, based
on figures from the last census."

There are 497,281 septic tanks and other on-site waste-water treatment systems
in the State, according to last year's census. Mr Curran says up to 40,000 have
been registered.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                            March 23, 2017 Thursday

Many Singaporeans unhappy about upcoming water price hike

BYLINE: Nur Asyiqin Mohamad Salleh

LENGTH: 593  words


Many Singaporeans disagree with the upcoming water price hike announced in
Budget 2017, a poll of more than 1,100 citizens by government feedback unit
Reach found.

Overall, 52 per cent of those surveyed in the two weeks after the 30 per cent
hike was announced were supportive of the Budget, with more than two-thirds
backing measures on housing, social support and jobs, Reach said yesterday.

But 43 per cent of those polled disagreed that it was reasonable to increase
water prices to fund higher costs of production and encourage conservation. Only
32 per cent agreed while 24 per cent indicated that they were neutral.

The price of water will go up by 30 per cent in two phases, starting in July.

"The results show that Singaporeans largely welcomed the social measures in
Budget 2017, in particular the initiatives to assist families with the costs of
raising a family," said Reach chairman Sam Tan.

"We also hear the suggestions of some Singaporeans to improve communication on
the water (price) increase, and to do more public education so that everyone can
work collectively to understand the need for water conservation," added Tan, who
is Minister of State in the Prime Minister's Office and Ministry of Manpower.

Reach also said many Singaporeans at its listening points - feedback booths for
people to find out more about policies and give views - had voiced their
unhappiness over the water price hike.

But after various agencies and political office holders explained the reason for
the move, more people at these booths said at the end of February and this month
that they supported the hike.

"They understood the rationale behind the move and accepted that water is vital
to our country's survival and that it should be priced properly," Reach said.

Tan said: "We understand Singaporeans' concerns." He noted that there are steps
to help households cope with rising costs through extra U-Save rebates.

One- and two-room HDB households will not see any rise in their water bill on
average while bills for other HDB households will go up by $2 to $11 a month.

Reach conducts a telephone poll on the Budget each year. This year's survey was
done from February 22 to March 3, after the February 20 Budget, and involved
1,111 randomly selected citizens aged 20 and above. The sample was weighted by
gender, age and race to make it representative of the national population.

The poll also found other Budget measures were strongly supported:

o80 per cent agreed enhanced post-secondary education bursaries would better
support lower- and middle-income households.

o72 per cent agreed the increase in the CPF Housing Grant to up to $50,000 for
couples buying their first resale flat would provide young families with
significant support.

o66 per cent agreed an increase in the number of infant-care places will make
Singapore a more conducive place to raise a family.

o72 per cent agreed that the third Enabling Masterplan, a road map to better
support those with disabilities, will help these citizens integrate better.

o66 per cent agreed that enhancements to Adapt and Grow and training support
under SkillsFuture will help create better job opportunities.

o58 per cent agreed that the extension of the additional Special Employment
Credit will encourage employers to keep on hiring older workers.

Reach contributors suggested that the integration of persons with disabilities
could begin in schools.

Said Tan: "Building an inclusive society is a continuous effort, and we should
strive towards a society with no pre-conceived notions on issues such as
disabilities."

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2075


                       Copyright 2017 Asia News Network.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                             March 17, 2014 Monday

Banal's rehashed accusations a bid to divert attention from Villafuerte

BYLINE: JOSE MIGUEL C. PALARCA

LENGTH: 501  words


In his March 3 column, Conrado Banal III put my client, former deputy speaker
Arnulfo Fuentebella, as well as the Partido District of Camarines Sur, in a very
unflattering light by rehashing the already discredited accusations being
peddled to media by former Camarines Sur governor Luis "LRay" Villafuerte.

Villafuerte's libelous statements against Representative Fuentebella seem
intended to divert attention away from the former's indictment by the Office of
the Ombudsman for graft over the Camarines Sur provincial government's highly
anomalous ghost purchase of P20-million worth of fuel without public bidding.
The Sandiganbayan, in fact, has already issued an arrest warrant for
Villafuerte.

Allow us to point out that the  Partido Development Administration (PDA) is a
district-level development planning and implementing agency created by a statute
(Republic Act No. 7820, as amended) to accelerate the development of the fourth
district of Camarines Sur.

PDA's mission is to constantly improve services in health, energy, water,
education, agriculture, livelihood and infrastructure, among other sectors. Its
most significant achievement is the construction of a modern, district-wide
potable water system, the Partido Water Supply System (PWSS), which was made
possible through an interest-free loan from the Danish government. PWSS now
serves more than 16,794 households, some of which are too remote or costly to
serve given the topography of the area where they live. Before PWSS' operation,
only 3,315 households had access to potable water in Partido.

With PWSS, water-borne diseases have been eliminated. Revenues generated by PWSS
are used to expand its services to accommodate more households and to fund
various development programs and projects in the Partido area.

PDA thus has been instrumental in the establishment of several educational
institutions: the Philippine Science High School, Bicol Campus; Partido State
University with seven campuses spread out in the district; and numerous public
elementary and secondary schools. It has also implemented parallel programs with
components such as computer literacy training, scholarships, provision of
computer sets and others.

In the field of health, PDA has largely contributed to the establishment of
several primary hospitals and several barangay health centers, providing
adequate supply of basic medicines as well. Through PDA, free medical, dental
and surgical services as well as eye operations have been extended, benefiting
less privileged individuals in Partido.

PDA's record-and it has more accomplishments-speaks for itself. On Dec. 11,
2013, the Governance Commission for GOCCs approved the Performance Scorecard of
PDA for 2013-2014.

PDA religiously remits to the national treasury a portion of PWSS' income for
the payment of its loan, thus the allegation that PDA owes the national
government big time is a blatant lie.

In fact, PDA is such a success that many lawmakers have tried to replicate it in
their legislative districts.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           February 11, 2012 Saturday
                                 VVoice Edition

WATER SYSTEM NEEDS REVENUE, EXPERT SAYS

BYLINE: Valerie Putnam vrputnam@yahoo.com

SECTION: V; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 659 words


If the city of Millwood doesn't increase its water rates soon, officials fear
the funds to manage its water system may soon run dry.

"If you continue the same spending patterns, I estimate you'll be $340,000 in
the hole," said Andy O'Neill, rural development specialist from Rural Community
Assistance Corp. He estimates the city will reach that point in 2016.

"You're robbing from one fund to pay for it, so something is going to dry up at
some point," he said.

O'Neill's comments came as part of his recommendation to Millwood City Council
on Monday. The city hired O'Neill in September to evaluate its current utility
rates in the face of rising equipment and maintenance costs, as well as a lack
of required financial reserves.

To overcome the estimated budget shortfall in the city's water fund, O'Neill
proposed a gradual increase to the city's base rate of $2 every year starting in
2013, along with a 25 cent increase to the commodity rate peaking at $1 for
residential and 70 cents for commercial customers.

The commodity rate is the cost of water measured in gallon increments.
Currently, Millwood residential rates are 20 cents for 748 gallons and 14 cents
for commercial.

He further suggested the city could increase its revenue by simply restructuring
the amount of water included in the plan for each household. Currently each
household receives 4,000 cubic feet of water, equivalent to 30,000 gallons.
O'Neill recommended reducing that to 2,000 cubic feet based on actual average
household usage.

"That will get you out of the red," O'Neill said about his overall proposal.
"You'll want to re-evaluate your rates in three years."

Mayor Dan Mork said the council will consider O'Neill's recommendation.

City Attorney Brian Werst updated council on the medical marijuana zoning
moratorium. In September, the council approved a six-month moratorium on
establishment and licensing of medical marijuana dispensaries and collective
gardens.

With the moratorium expiring in March, Werst asked the council to schedule a
public hearing at the nextmeeting to discuss extending it for another six
months.

The moratorium allows the city time to research options on how collective
gardens fit into zoning requirements.

Council members further heard the first reading of a proposed amendment
outlining two changes to the budget.

The proposed changes include creating a new position of maintenance operator, to
be filled by the current groundskeeper, and moving funds from the Real Estate
Excise Tax fund to the general fund to buy a new lawnmower, estimated to cost
$12,789.

The city is required to honor a five-day waiting period before final adoption,
and the amendment requires a super-majority to pass. The council plans to vote
on the amendment in March.

In other news, the council unanimously approved adopting a resolution outlining
a new bidding and purchasing policy. Under the resolution, the mayor can approve
purchases of supplies, materials and equipment up to $15,000 after receiving
three quotes.

During the clerk/planning report, City Planner Tom Richardson reported that he
is submitting a grant application to repair the Millwood City Park wading pool.
His deadline to submit the grant to the Spokane Parks and Recreation Department
is March 1. Richardson said more than $4,000 in donations have been raised to
fix the pool.

SIDEBAR:

COMING UP

The Millwood City Council will next meet at 7 p.m. March 5 at City Hall, 9103 E.
Frederick. For more information, call (509) 924-0960.

WADING POOL

Those wishing to make a tax-deductible donation to save the Millwood City Park
wading pool may contact Spokane Parks Foundation at www.spokaneparks
foundation.org or mail donations to Spokane Parks Foundation, P.O. Box 2021,
Spokane, WA 99210. Checks should be made out to Spokane Parks Foundation, with a
written designation "Millwood wading pool" on the check. For more information,
visit www.millwood friends.org/.

TYPE: Column: Millwood updates

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              600 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                             August 21, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Kelly facing fresh flak over Irish Water bills;
Criticism over 'planned' changes to charges cap and (EURO)100 payment

BYLINE: Kevin Keane

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 697 words


CAPPING water charges for the next decade would be a regressive move, ministers
were warned last night.

Reports yesterday suggested the Government was looking at putting a limit on
charges for at least ten years.

The reports - based on unnamed coalition sources - also suggested the Cabinet
was considering only paying the (EURO)100 conservation grant to households which
had paid their water charges.

This would have be a significant u-turn on the current plan to pay the grant to
every household which registers for Irish Water even if they do not necessarily
pay the charges.

The Department of Environment yesterday dismissed the reports and said there
were no plans to extend the cap on the water charges beyond the end of 2018 or
that the conservation grant might be given only to those people who pay their
bills.

But the Opposition parties seized on the reports yesterday and accused the
Government of preparing for another about-face on Irish Water.

Fianna Fail's Barry Cowen rounded on Environment Minister Alan Kelly, saying:
'Every time he briefs a journalist, his policy on Irish Water changes. It's
laughable. It's a joke but it's not funny. It's a total mess and it has to be
brought to a halt.

'This just can't go on a weekly basis, which is happening for the last two years
and it's time they started listening to recommendations and positive and real
alternatives that are being put forward by the likes of ourselves.'

Any move to extend the capping of water charges would directly contradict the
Fine Gael-Labour coalition's plans for water as outlined in the Programme for
Government.

The document described the Government aim as being to 'move to a charging system
that is based on use above the free allowance'.

Friends of the Earth Ireland yesterday warned that any move to extend the
capping of water bills would undermine one of the main reasons Irish Water was
created.

Director Oisín Coghlan said extending the cap would do nothing to help people
conserve water.

He said: 'We're against the cap. We want people to be charged for the water that
they use in a straightforward way but we also want measures put in place to help
those who cannot pay.

'At the moment we have an environmentally regressive and socially regressive
scheme because no matter how much water you use, you pay the www.same.No matter
how much your income is, you pay the same.

'Extending the cap as it is now indefinitely would be a regressive step. What
they should do is increase the cap and increase the (EURO)100 grant in line with
the cap.' Mr Coghlan said the (EURO)100 grant could be increased in line with
the (EURO)160 and (EURO)260 caps, making it more possible for a consumer to save
even more money if they use less water.

'As a consumer you come to realise that, "if I save water, I'll end up with
cash". It won't be any more expensive for the Government than it is now as it's
revenue neutral but it changes the incentives people face.'

Mr Coghlan said the latest leaks from the Government show how bad a mess it has
made of Irish Water. He said: 'It makes sense for Ireland to have a national
utility for water. It makes sense to people to make a contribution to the cost
of water so long it's in a fair way.

'The Government has told this very badly. Enda Kenny described this as the last
austerity measure, rather than as the first conservation measure of the first
public reform measure.' Anti-Austerity Alliance TD Paul Murphy said the
Government was in 'absolute disarray'.

The Dublin south-west TD told RTÉ News: 'We are having mixed messages coming
from Fine Gael, coming from Labour, coming from backbenchers.

'They are reeling from the shock of 57 per cent non-payment, of failing the
Eurostat test as a result, and they are looking for some small measure to...
improve the image of Irish Water or to convince people to pay the water charges
and they're not going to find it.

'Irish Water is in the process of being finished off by a mass movement and a
movement of non-payment and they should accept that defeat and simply move to
abolish the water charges of Irish Water.'

Comment - Page 16 kevin.keane@dailymail.ie

'Irish Water is a mess and must end'

'Mixed messages from Coalition'

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2015 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2014 Monday

USPTO grants trade mark "MANDO" to MANDO CORPORATION CORPORATION (REPUBLIC OF
KOREA)

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


MANDO CORPORATION CORPORATION (REPUBLIC OF KOREA), has been granted trademark
(4500311) titled as "MANDO" from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 011. US 013 021 023 031 034. G & S: Water purifiers for household
purposes; Heating apparatus, namely, Water heaters; Hot air apparatus, namely,
hot-air space heating apparatus for industrial purposes; Refrigerating chambers;
Refrigerating Containers; Air conditioners; air filters for air conditionins;
Air conditioning installations; Air conditioning apparatus; Fans for air
conditioning apparatus; Heating and cooling systems for motor cars comprised of
Air conditioners for automobiles, air conditioning ventilation installations and
apparatus for automobiles, Heaters for automobiles; Bicycle lights; Bicycle
lamps; Lighting apparatus and devices for bicycles, namely, lamps, lights and
reflectors; Air purifiers for household purposes; Air sterilizers; Air purifying
apparatus and machines; Humidifiers; Electric refrigerators for household
purposes; electric water purifiers for household purposes; Dehumidifiers for
household purposes; Electric refrigerators

Filing

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 20, 2014 Thursday

USPTO grants trade mark "MANDO" to MANDO CORPORATION CORPORATION (REPUBLIC OF
KOREA)

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


MANDO CORPORATION CORPORATION (REPUBLIC OF KOREA), has been granted trademark
(4496919) titled as "MANDO" from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 011. US 013 021 023 031 034. G & S: Water purifiers for household
purposes; Heating apparatus, namely, Water heaters; Hot air apparatus, namely,
hot-air space heating apparatus for industrial purposes; Refrigerating chambers;
Refrigerating Containers; Air conditioners; air filters for air conditioning;
Air conditioning installations; Air conditioning apparatus; Fans for air
conditioning apparatus; Heating and cooling systems for motor cars comprised of
Air conditioners for automobiles, air conditioning ventilation installations and
apparatus for automobiles, Heaters for automobiles; Bicycle lights; Bicycle
lamps; Lighting apparatus and devices for bicycles, namely, lamps, lights and
reflectors; Air purifiers for household purposes; Air sterilizers; Air purifying
apparatus and machines; Humidifiers; Electric refrigerators for household
purposes; electric water purifiers for household purposes; Dehumidifiers for
household purposes; Electric refrigerators

Filing

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Liverpool Leader (Australia)

                           January 27, 2010 Wednesday
                             1 - Main Book Edition

One degree of change

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 413  words


Flush without excess:

Grants boost for toilets and hot-water systems

LIVERPOOL residents who install hot water circulators and dual-flush toilets
will be rewarded by the State Government.

The government has announced a $73 million boost to the $100 million NSW Home
Saver Rebates program. Under the new program, every home is eligible for up to
$1500 of rebates.

That includes $150 for the installation of a regulated or on-demand hot water
circulator unit.

Instant gas hot water systems can waste up to 17,000 litres of water yearly in
the average home.

A hot water circulator saves water by recirculating the cold water sitting in
the hot water pipe back to the water heating system for use.

Residents who use a new four-star dual-flush toilet to replace single flush
toilets will get a $200 rebate. Single-flush toilets are one of the biggest
users of water in homes, using 12 litres of water with every flush. Switching to
a dual-flush toilet can reduce this by up to 75 per cent and save 25,000 litres
of water a year.

Several other rebates are available under the extended program.

They include up to $1500 for rainwater tanks which are connected to a washing
machine and toilet, and $150 for a five-star water-efficient washing machine.

Rebates of $300 are also available to replace an electric hot water system with
solar, heat pump and five-star gas hot water systems.

The Federal Government offers up to $1600 to install a solar hot water system or
$1000 for a heat pump system.

NSW households have invested more than $375 million in water and energy
upgrades, backed by more than 200,000 Home Saver Rebates since July 2007,
Climate Change and the Environment Minister Frank Sartor said.

``That has already resulted in combined annual savings of 2.9 billion litres of
drinking water, 215,000 tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions and $21 million in
household water and electricity bills,'' Mr Sartor said.

``It has also boosted the creation of green jobs and supported NSW manufacturers
of energy and water efficient products.''

He said the restructured program was aimed at ensuring as many households as
possible could take advantage of the additional $75 million, including residents
in apartments, townhouses and other multi-unit dwellings.

By June 2011, the rebate program is expected to save four billion litres of
water, or 1600 Olympic sized swimming pools.

Details: 1300 361 967.

IT'S A FACT

A load of rubbish

Australians produce more rubbish per person than any nation except the US.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LLG


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Western Telegraph

                            February 25, 2013 Monday

Last chance to apply for heating grant

SECTION: COUNTY NEWS (WTEL NEWS COUNTY)

LENGTH: 219 words


A North Pembrokeshire community group is offering people the chance to install
subsidised woodfired heating but the closing date is the end of this month.

Cilgwyn community group has already secured solar hot water funding vouchers for
a number of households that had previously applied and is offering a free
self-install course in Cardigan on Thursday (February 28th).

It has now accessed a generous Renewable Heat Payment Communities grant for
wood-fired heating.

"Some of the systems that are eligible for this grant are industrial in looks
and scale," said co-ordinator Vicky Moller.

"However, one wood-fired system which is eligible for this grant, the Broseley
Evolution 26, looks like any other living room wood stove, but heats up to 15kW
of water and is eligible for this grant."

There are grants of up to £1,940 available for solar hot water; £3,000 for
ground source heat pumps and £4,000 for biomass systems.

In all cases properties must be suitable.

Applications for the wood fired heating grants must be submitted this month.
More applications are also welcome for the heat pumps and solar hot water
grants, but these must also be submitted before the end of February.

For more information, including terms and conditions and installation dates,
contact Vicky Moller on 01239 820971 or email cilgwyn@ecocymru.org

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 13, 2016 Saturday

Robbins residents may have to pay more for water

BYLINE: Andrew Creasey, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 843 words


Feb. 13--Water utilities have a storied past in Robbins, and with a proposed
increase in sewer rates on the horizon, the issues are once again bubbling to
the surface.

To balance the books and cover the operating and maintenance cost of the sewer
treatment plant, the Sutter County Water Works District, which provides water
services to the small community, is proposing a $30 monthly increase in the
wastewater rates.

Currently, single-family households and apartments pay $73.50 a month for
wastewater. The proposed rate increase would raise the cost to $103.50 a month.

At a Jan. 26 meeting, the Board of Supervisors decided to continue the vote on
the item until March 8 after hearing numerous questions from a group of Robbins
citizens, who have faced continuing water quality issues despite several
previous rate increases.

The board also found a collection of signatures presented in protest of the
sewer increase was insufficient under Proposition 218, which requires local
governments to place before voters certain taxes, including utility rate
increases.

Providing water and sewer service to the small community of about 300 has long
been a struggle. Residents say the water is undrinkable due to arsenic
contamination, and the issue has not improved. Most households and the Robbins
Elementary School get by with bottled water.

An ad hoc committee of citizens focused on these issues, however, declined
interview requests for this story.

From the county's perspective, the ratepayer base in Robbins, where there are
only 83 connections, is simply too small to fund the ever-increasing costs of
operating and maintaining water and sewage treatment plants without raising
rates, said Al Sawyer, assistant director of developments services.

"(The Water Works District) has never balanced the water treatment budget as
long as I can remember," said Sawyer, who started at the county in 2004. "The
county has been providing the funds necessary to balance the revenues and
expenses at Robbins. Every once in a while, the gap is too large, and we raise
rates."

The Water Works District is in debt about $1.4 million to the county general
fund, which has been used to balance the budget when ratepayer revenue was
insufficient. The board was scheduled to decide whether to forgive that loan,
but that decision was also continued until March 8.

The current proposed wastewater rate is necessary to cover operations and
maintenance costs, but it won't collect enough revenue to cover debt service
costs or fund any capital improvements to the treatment plants, Sawyer said.

Capital improvements to the treatment plants have been possible mostly through
state grants, but the state is starting to crack down on requiring water
utilities to show that they are capable of operating and maintaining the
facilities after the grant funds construction, Sawyer said.

"That's where we are with Robbins," Sawyer said. "The plant needs improvements,
and the state wants to see that we can maintain it. That's why we need the rate
increase."

Sawyer said the county has raised rates four times in the last 15 years, which
he said was not abnormal. By comparison, Yuba City water and wastewater rates
have increased every year since 2011, and the City Council is deciding now
whether to continue rate increases for the next five in order to keep up with
the debt service, operation costs and necessary capital improvements at the
treatment plants.

There is close to $6 million in possible grants available for Robbins, but
without demonstrating a balanced operations and maintenance budget, it is
unlikely the community will be able to obtain them, Sawyer said.

As for the water quality, the county was able to receive a $250,000 grant from
the state in the summer of 2015, which is providing the community and the school
with free bottled water. The grant lasts for three years.

"They've always had a water quality issue, all groundwater in that area does,"
Sawyer said. "It's cloudy and it's colored."

Ultimately, with the increasing costs and requirements of water treatment, small
communities across the state will continue to struggle with water and wastewater
treatment, Sawyer said.

"Small communities cannot afford water and sewer treatment today, with all the
bureaucracy and federal requirements," Sawyer said. "It's extremely expensive
and the costs are only going up. Small communities can't survive, and that's
what's happening here."

Part of the problem could be solved with a county agreement for the Golden State
Water Co. to take over Robbins' water service. But the wastewater service will
remain with the county.

Have Your Say

A public meeting to answer questions about the proposed wastewater increase in
the community of Robbins is scheduled for 5:50 p.m. Thursday at the Robbins
Volunteer Fire Department at 1719 Pepper St., Robbins.

CONTACT reporter Andrew Creasey at 749-4780 and on Twitter @AD_Creasey.

___ (c)2016 the Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, Calif.) Visit the Appeal-Democrat
(Marysville, Calif.) at www.appeal-democrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160213-MY-Robbins-residents-may-have-to-pay-more-for-water
-0213-20160213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MY


                         Copyright 2016 Appeal-Democrat


                              606 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                November 5, 2006

Saving the planet begins at home

BYLINE: Clare Francis

SECTION: FEATURES; Money; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1284 words


The average household can cut its bills and stave off global warming with some
simple changes, reports Clare Francis

CLIMATE change was high on the agenda last week after publication of the Stern
report focused attention on the devastating consequences of global warming.

The apocalyptic report compiled by Sir Nicholas Stern, the former chief
economist at the World Bank, for the British government makes grim reading.

According to Stern, average global temperatures could rise by between 2C and 5C
over the next 50 years if no action is taken to combat global warming.

Hundreds of millions of people may be forced to migrate because of floods and
famine and 40% of species could face extinction, the report says.

There is a growing scientific consensus that one of the causes is the rise in
greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide (CO2).

Although industry is the biggest producer of greenhouse gases, householders also
need to look at what they can do to reduce CO2 emissions and become more
environmentally friendly.

Each home in Britain creates about six tonnes of CO2 a year, according to the
Energy Saving Trust. Yet, by taking a number of simple steps the average
household could cut that amount by approximately a third.

What's good for the environment can be good for your bank balances, too. Making
your life more energy efficient can slash bills by hundreds of pounds.

* Here we show you the 10 best ways to save money and the planet.

1. Switch off appliances

Leaving televisions, DVDs and computers on standby, rather than switching them
off, emits four million tonnes of CO2 and wastes £ 740m a year.

The average household could save £ 37 in electricity bills each year by turning
appliances off and not leaving cameras and phones charging unnecessarily.

2. Use energy-saving lightbulbs

Lighting accounts for between 10% and 15% of an electricity bill in the average
household, according to the Energy Saving Trust.

Energy-saving bulbs last 12 times as long as standard lightbulbs and, because
they do not turn energy into heat in the same way, are cheaper to run.

The special bulbs are more expensive to buy -generally about £ 3 each but the
average household would save about £ 35 a year by using them. Further savings
can be made if you turn all the lights off when you leave a room.

3. Use energy-efficient appliances

White goods now come with energy efficiency ratings. A-rated products use the
least amount of energy and emit fewer greenhouse gases. In the case of washing
machines and dishwashers they also use less water.

Ant Wilson, a sustainability expert at the consultancy Faber Maunsell, said:

"Modern appliances such as dishwashers and washing machines use far less water
than older models and can save you up to 30% a year on your annual energy bill."

4. Turn the heating down a little

Setting the central heating system thermostat lower by one degree Centrigrade
can reduce your home's heating bill by about £ 40 a year. Further savings can be
made by closing the curtains to keep the heat in and by installing double
glazing.

5. Insulate your house

In a typical home, 20% of all the heat lost is through ventilation and draughts.

Draught-proofing windows and doors can cost as little as £ 50 if you do it
yourself and save up to £ 20 a year on energy bills. Even more heat is lost
through the walls and roof, so putting in cavity-wall and loft insulation can
result in even bigger savings. Installing a standard 270mm layer of loft
insulation will cost about £ 400 but can bring your heating bills down by at
least £ 180 a year.

If your house was built after 1920, it probably has cavity walls. Insulating
them costs about £ 260 but you can save up to £ 160 a year, so it will have paid
for itself within two years. Local councils and energy providers offer grants to
do this work so you may be able to insulate your home more cheaply.

6. Switch to renewable energy sources

Fewer than 1% of households at present obtain their gas and electricity from a
renewable source, according to the National Consumer Council.

Green tariffs are not the cheapest, but if until now you have never switched
your gas or electricity provider you will probably be able to make savings. For
example, an average household on the standard British Gas electricity tariff
would pay £ 409 a year, but the bill would be reduced to £ 339 by switching to
Scottish Power's Green package, according to Uswitch.com, a price- comparison
site. Ann Robinson at Uswitch said: "The time has come for consumers to vote
with their conscience by thinking ecologically and switching to a green tariff."

There are a number of green options. If you want 100% renewable energy, you
could consider Ecotricity or Good Energy.

The major suppliers such as Scottish & Southern and Scottish Power also have
green options. Scottish & Southern makes a donation to the Royal Society for the
Protection of Birds while Scottish Power pledges to match the amount of
electricity a customer uses with an equal amount of hydro-electricity.

7. Install a wind turbine

You can generate your own energy by installing a wind turbine. B&Q sells them
for £ 1,500 and they produce about one kilowatt of supplementary energy. This
should cut your electricity bill by about 30%. More substantial, free-standing
turbines cost from about £ 12,000. These will produce more electricity than you
need, which you can then sell to the National Grid. Grants are available from
the government and local councils to reduce the cost. Even so, a turbine is
likely to take some 15 years to pay for itself.

8. Heat your water with the sun

Solar or photovoltaic panels can be used to provide electricity and hot water.

Prices start from about £ 2,000 rising to £ 25,000. Again, government grants are
available that can cut the cost by half. A solar water-heating system could
provide all your hot water in the summer months and about 50% at other times.

9. Drive a greener car

Vehicle excise duty is based on the amount of CO2 a car emits. So you can cut
the amount of tax by driving a greener car. For example, for a Mercedes R-Class
280CDI you would pay £ 225 a year. If you had a Ford Focus 1.8 litre 16v estate
car, it would cost you £ 150. But if you were driving a 1.5 litre Toyota Prius
VVT-i petrol/electric hybrid car, the tax would be only £ 30 a year.

Another advantage is that if you drive in London, you also avoid having to pay
the congestion charge, which at present is set at £ 8 a day. Electric cars are
exempt as are those registered on the Powershift Register. Eligibility depends
on factors such as the make and model of the car. You can find further details
at est.org.uk.

10. Offset the carbon you use

Websites like climatecare.org, co2balance.com and carbonfootprint.com enable
individuals to neutralise the effects of the CO2 by giving money to
environmental projects around the world. They have calculators so that you can
work out how much CO2 you have produced and how much you need to donate to
offset it.

For example, a one-way flight to Australia will produce about three tonnes of
CO2, but you can neutralise this by donating £ 30 to a green-energy project.

* HOW MUCH YOU CAN SAVE

* Energy saving measure / Annual saving

Switching appliances off £ 37

Change lightbulbs £ 35

Turn heating down £ 40

Draught proo? ng £ 20

Insulating loft £ 180-£ 220

* Energy saving measure / Annual saving

Insulating cavity walls £ 130-£ 160

Switching electricity supplier £ 70 1

Install a wind turbine £ 150-£ 250

Use solar panels £ 75-£ 125

Buy a greener car £ 120 2

1Assumes move from British Gas to Scottish Power. Average useage and payment by
direct debit.

2 Assumes you switch from a petrol car in Vehicle Excise Duty Band E to an
alternative fuel car in Band B.

Sources: energysavingtrust.co.uk,

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Jamestown Sun (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 27, 2015 Wednesday

SCDRC approves grants for projects

BYLINE: The Jamestown Sun, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 384 words


May 27--The South Central Dakota Regional Council received applications for
nearly double the amount of Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funds
available. The Regional Council's CDBG Scoring and Ranking Committee approved
grants totaling $251,502 at its annual CDBG scoring and ranking meeting.

"CDBG funds are important in our region to assist in providing safe communities
to area citizens through public facility projects," said Deb Kantrud, SCDRC
executive director. "Our region's needs increase each year. This year the
region's allocation was only $251,502 in CDBG funds. This money was not adequate
to fund the $541,368 in requests. CDBG grants are needed to assist low- to
moderate-income communities with their public facility needs."

The committee scored all projects high enough to be eligible for grant funds.
However, the region's allocation was inadequate. The committee voted to
recommend to Gov. Jack Dalrymple award grants to the following projects:

-- a grant of up to $20,000 to the city of Kulm in LaMoure County to assist with
the Kulm Senior Center rehabilitation

-- a grant of $124,020 to the city of Kathryn in Barnes County to assist a rural
water service connection for low-income households

-- a grant of $107,482 to assist the city of Forbes in Dickey County to improve
its water delivery system.

Other grant applications were from the city of Verona for a water system gate
valve replacement and the city of Sanborn for water system improvements.

The 2015 SCDRC Scoring and Ranking Committee includes one representative from
each of the SCDRC's nine counties. Members are: Mike Metcalf, Barnes County, who
was elected chairperson; Candace Middlestead, Dickey County; Iris Brandt, Foster
County; Paul Paintner, Griggs County; Vince Watkins, LaMoure County; Kyle Haas,
Logan County; Denny Hoffman, McIntosh County; Kim Lees, Stutsman County; and
Mary Hager, Wells County.

Eligibility requirements include that the funds assist communities with 51
percent or more low-to-moderate-income people and projects address the removal
of architectural barriers in public facilities or special populations, such as
senior citizens.

___ (c)2015 The Jamestown Sun (Jamestown, N.D.) Visit The Jamestown Sun
(Jamestown, N.D.) at www.jamestownsun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150527-QJ-SCDRC-approves-grants-for-projects-0527-20150527

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QJ


                        Copyright 2015 The Jamestown Sun


                              608 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Parkes Champion Post

                                 June 12, 2012

You may be eligible for a home grant

SECTION: NEWS - GENERAL

LENGTH: 190  words


The Central West Lachlan Landcare is encouraging individuals in Parkes and
Forbes to undertake an environmental audit of their homes.

Residents are also urged to consider applying for some of the NSW and Federal
Government grants available to assist with the costs of updating existing items
or installing new items on their property to increase household environmental
efficiency.

Landcare Project Officer Christie Elemam said 'There are currently a range of
grants available for households which cover such things as rainwater tanks,
solar hot water systems, dual flush toilets and greywater  systems with some
rebates up to $500.

"It is definitely a good time to consider up-grading or installing these
environmentally friendly products,' she said.

Central West Lachlan Landcare is also happy to help individuals with accessing
these grants through providing support with preparing of the applications.

People interested in finding out more, or getting assistance with accessing
these grants should contact Central West Lachlan Landcare either by email to
cwllpo@hotmail.com or by phoning 6862 4914 between 12.30pm and 3.30pm Monday to
Friday.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             August 2, 2015 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

O'Dowd rebels over Irish Water;
TD rebels over Irish Water

BYLINE: Sarah McInerney ; Stephen O'Brien

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1,2

LENGTH: 744 words


A SENIOR Fine Gael TD has broken ranks on Irish Water, calling on the government
to abandon its attempt to get the company to pass the Eurostat test, and instead
give extra subsidies to help people to pay water charges.

Fergus O'Dowd, who was junior minister in the Department of the Environment when
Irish Water was set up, said ministers should now accept it will not pass the
market corporation test. "Eurostat hasn't worked, so let's try to make Irish
Water work without it," he said.

"If Eurostat is not an issue, we can do things we couldn't do when we were
trying to qualify [Irish Water as a private entity]. When we were looking at
this initially, one argument was we should be supporting low-income people, who
the charges are hitting in a disproportionate way. We're free now, as a result
of the Eurostat ruling, to help those people."

The Louth TD said the government should introduce new subsidies for certain
categories of vulnerable people. "I think people with disabilities and
single-parent families should be getting help and possibly pensioners as well,"
he said. "It would have to be examined, to decide who needs a subsidy. The other
option would be to increase social welfare payments as a way of helping people."

Last week Leo Varadkar, the health minister, and Paudie Coffey, junior minister
in the Department of the Environment, said they expected Irish Water would pass
Eurostat's test next year, by which time more householders would be paying their
bills. Coffey said the ruling was "quite a marginal decision", while Varadkar
described it as a "minor setback".

However, a senior economist has challenged the government''s assertion that
Irish Water will pass the market test next year. Seamus Coffey of University
College Cork warned the water utility was likely to stay on the state books
until 2018 at least, and would be seen as independent of government only if it
cut the (EURO)260 cap on bills and the (EURO)100 grant from the water charges
regime.

Coffey said an increase in the number of households paying their bills would
only solve one of the issues identified by Eurostat in Irish Water's case to be
classified as a private entity.

"A big issue Eurostat have is how the prices are set - they aren't anywhere near
a market or a commercial basis," the economics lecturer said. "They were
[commercial] originally when the Commission for Energy Regulation (CER) set the
price, but then they fudged that last November with the cap and the reduced
charges.

"Eurostat also said they couldn't see how Ervia [Irish Water's parent company]
had any control over Irish Water ... it doesn't benefit from the dividends, it
can't set the price, it can't put people on the board. So what is the link
between Ervia and Irish Water? It is just an arm of the state."

A senior government figure claimed Eurostat had made a number of errors in its
assessment. It ignored the fact that between a quarter and one-third of the
water conservation grant was being paid to people outside the Irish Water
network who are using private wells and group water schemes.

"They have completely dismissed the role of the CER in setting performance
standards and the accrual savings of (EURO)1.6bn that Irish Water has to make by
2021," the source said. "There is a reference to a (EURO)730m capital injection
compared to (EURO)900m of operating costs, so it is confusing the balance sheet
and the operational costs at one point.

"For the first time in the history of the state, there is a 25-year plan to fix
our water system, and there is a plan to address the demand issues in the
Eastern and Midlands region. Eurostat attaches no weight to that strategic work
by Irish Water."

Earlier this month it emerged that only 675,000 out of 1.5m, or about 43%, of
households have paid their water charges to date.

The government has been insisting it will be making no changes to Irish Water as
a result of the Eurostat ruling. "There's a real feeling within government that
if we were to change anything now, it would be like pulling at a ball of wool,
and everything could unravel," one official source said. "There's not going to
be any changes or concessions."

A source in the Department of Social Protection said it had no intention of
abolishing the (EURO)100 water conservation grant, which has been classified by
Eurostat as a state subsidy. "There will be no changes to the (EURO)100 grant,"
said the source.

Ministers need to throw Irish Water a lifeline, Editorial, page 12

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 20, 2011 Tuesday

New Lake County program aims to help households make septic repairs

BYLINE: John Arthur Hutchison, The News-Herald, Willoughby, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 367 words


Sept. 20--Lake County homeowners who struggle with a failing septic system may
be eligible to qualify for financial help to repair or replace it.

The county is poised to launch a new financial assistance program to help
qualifying homeowners. The funds are distributed by the Ohio Environmental
Protection Agency through the Water Pollution Control Loan Fund.

County commissioners applied for $130,000 and will work in conjunction with the
Lake County General Health District and county Planning Commission to solicit
potential participants, determine eligibility, and implement the program.

"This is an excellent opportunity for eligible homeowners that have been dealing
with a failing system and have limited resources to be able to repair or replace
their sewage system," said Laura Kramer Kuns, supervisor of the Health
District's solid/liquid waste and water supply program.

The grant provides 100 percent of the total system improvement costs for
eligible systems for homeowners at the federal poverty level or provides 85
percent of the cost with a 15 percent match by homeowners at 200 percent of the
poverty level.

Federal poverty levels start at $22,050 for households with one person and
increase by $3,740 per person.

Homeowners with total annual household income exceeding $74,020 are not eligible
for the program.

For full income guidelines visit www.lcghd.org/sewagefundingpoverty.aspx.

Officials estimate between eight to 12 systems can be repaired or replaced,
depending on the number of qualified applicants and the cost of each project.

The deadline to apply for assistance is Sept. 30. Recipients are chosen on a
first-come, first-served basis.

System installation and approval must be completed within a year and the
homeowner must be the titled owner and live at the property where the repair or
replacement will take place.

A registered Lake County-based installer will repair or replace the system
according to program guidelines.

Interested homeowners can call Kuns at 440-350-2543 or visit the Health
District's website at www.lcghd.org.

___ (c)2011 The News-Herald (Willoughby, Ohio) Visit The News-Herald
(Willoughby, Ohio) at www.news-herald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110920-WL-New-Lake-County-program-aims-to-help-households
-make-septic-repairs-20110920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WL


               Copyright 2011 The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio


                              611 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                 Agencia de Informacao de Mocambique (English)

                                 June 21, 2013

Dutch Companies Awarded Maputo Water Contact

BYLINE: Paul Fauvet

LENGTH: 302 words

DATELINE: Maputo


The Dutch companies Royal HaskoningDHV and Vitens Evides International have been
awarded a contract to work on a project to supply drinking water in Mozambique s
capital city Maputo.

The two companies will design a new water distribution system for northern
Maputo which will eventually supply safe drinking water to 550,000 residents and
20,000 households.

The contract was awarded by Mozambique s Water Supply Investment and Assets Fund
(FIPAG) for the implementation of all services required for the development
phase of the project that will be funded by the Dutch government. The contract
is worth 2.2 million euros (just under three million US dollars).

The water distribution system will be part of the Corumana Water Supply System,
a 130 million dollar project funded by the World Bank through a loan to the
Mozambique government.

The Corumana Water Supply System will initially supply 60,000 cubic metres per
day of treated drinking water to Maputo from the Corumana Dam on the Sabie
River. This capacity will be extended during a second phase to 120,000 cubic
metres per day.

The distribution system will cover an area of about 900 square kilometres. Royal
HaskoningDHV and Vitens Evides International will design the system with four
new distribution centres and 192 kilometres of primary and secondary
distribution pipes connecting 20,000 household to the water supply for the first
time.

The consortium will also draw up the tender documents for the construction of
the distribution system. The design phase is due to end in April next year, with
building work scheduled to begin before the end of 2014.

The Dutch government will fund the construction phase with a grant of around 20
million euros, and will pay for the system's operation and maintenance for the
first decade, costing around one million euros.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              June 17, 2013 Monday

Eight Maine communities receive wastewater project funding

LENGTH: 367 words


BANGOR, Maine -- Eight communities will receive nearly $3 million in funding for
wastewater projects, the USDA announced Monday.


The eight communities and the grant amounts are as follows:


Norridgewock Water District has been selected to receive $1,468,500 in the form
of a loan of $1,118,000 and a grant of $350,500 to upgrade the Norridgewock
Water District's distribution system by replacing aged water mains thus
improving operating efficiencies, flow, and reliability of the system.


Wiscasset was selected to receive $1,200,000 in the form of a loan of $974,000
and a grant of $226,000 to replace and reline 6,500 feet of sewer mains and to
upgrade three pump stations, which will improve flow rates and efficiency.


Passamaquoddy Tribal Council at Pleasant Point Reservation has been selected to
receive a grant of $65,104 to be used to identify and evaluate solutions to
water issues relating to source, storage, treatment, and the distribution of
safe drinking water.


The Hancock County Planning Commission has been selected to receive a grant of
$12,900 for workshops and training that will be used to help reduce threats to
drinking water. It will also assist municipal officials in identifying failing
waste disposal systems, ranking these systems for priority replacement, and
directing those officials to appropriate funding for income-eligible households
for new systems.


The Androscoggin Valley Council of Governments has been selected to receive a
grant of $100,000 to provide a wide range of technical assistance to
towns/associations using existing staff.


The Hancock County Planning Commission has been selected to receive a grant of
$29,500. Funds will be used to help Hancock County increase their recycling
rates.


The Kennebec Valley Council of Governments has been selected to receive a grant
of $68,000 to help reduce solid waste sent to landfills and incinerators,
increase municipal recycling, and improve water quality by the removal of toxic
materials from the waste stream.


The Northern Maine Development Commission, Inc. has been selected to receive a
grant of $29,500 to help reduce the influx of garbage and recyclables that will
come from the 2014 World Acadian Congress convention.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Bangor Daily News


                              613 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                           January 14, 2017 Saturday

Indo-Lanka MoU to construct 3,000 rainwater harvesting systems

LENGTH: 254 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Jan. 14 -- India and Sri Lanka yesterday signed an MoU to construct
3,000 rainwater harvesting systems at a cost of Rs. 300 million in the Jaffna
District.

The project envisages construction of 3,000 rainwater harvesting systems for
3,000 households in selected divisions of the Jaffna District.

The scope of the project also includes training of the households on operation
and maintenance of the systems. Beneficiaries will be identified by the
government in consultation with the Indian government.

The selected beneficiaries include women headed families and recently resettled
families. This grant project was approved by the Indian Government in response
to a request received from the Office for National Unity and Reconciliation of
Government of Sri Lanka.The project aims to assist people by supporting
resettlement efforts focused on reintegrating internally displaced families in
Jaffna by providing modern rain water harvesting systems to provide clean
drinking water supply facility to households. The project will generate
employment opportunities in Sri Lanka. The MoU was signed by Acting Indian High
Commissioner Arindam Bagchi, Secretary, National Integration and Reconciliation
Ministry V. Sivagnanasothy in the presence of National Integration and
Reconciliation State Minister A.H.M. Fowzie.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2017 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                            April 24, 2014 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

Presidency's view of two decades of progress

BYLINE:  Cobus Coetzee

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1365 words


AT MIDNIGHT on April 27, 1994, people gathered in Pretoria and every provincial
capital to see the old South African flag lowered and the new flag hoisted.

It was midnight, the beginning of democracy in a country that had seen
oppression and resistance since the mid-1650 warfare between Dutch settlers and
the indigenous KhoiKhoi people in the Cape.

A month later, Nelson Mandela set out the task of what the first
democratically-elected government would do:

"My government's commitment to create a people-centred society of liberty binds
us to the pursuit of the goals of freedom from want, from hunger, freedom from
deprivation, freedom from ignorance, freedom from suppression and freedom from
fear.

"These freedoms are fundamental to the guarantee of human dignity. They will
therefore constitute part of the centrepiece of what this government will seek
to achieve, the focal point on which our attention will be continuously focused.
The things we have said constitute the true meaning, the justification and the
purpose of the Reconstruction and Development Programme," he said.

Twenty years later, here's the government's review of what it has achieved:

Jobs, the economy and inequality

The past 20 years, the government's job was set to create jobs, eliminate
poverty and reduce inequality. On average, the economy grew by 3.2 percent a
year between 1994 and 2012 and resulted in a GDP rise of $136 billion to $384bn
two decades later.

But this growth is far less than other developing countries and many South
Africans have not seen its benefits and unemployment is still high.

Employment grew by 5.4 million since 1994, but between 2008 and 2010, the
country lost more than a million jobs.

Today, over 15 million people are employed but the number of people looking for
jobs has increased.

In 1994, 39.8 percent of the working-age population had jobs while 43.3 percent
now had jobs. In 1994, the unemployment rate was 20 percent and by last year it
was 25 percent.

Unemployment among young people (between 18 and 29) increased from 37 percent to
44 percent last year.

In former homelands like Transkei and Gazankulu, unemployment is the worst as
only a quarter of adults were employed there in 2013.

The effects of job reservation for whites under apartheid and colonisation made
worse by the Mines and Works Act of 1911 are disappearing - but very slowly. In
1994 only 34 percent of Africans, 66 percent of whites and 51 percent of
coloured and Asians were employed.

Today, 43 percent of Africans are employed while the share of the other three
groups remains unchanged.

Two decades ago, 19 percent of managers were African while today it is 41
percent.

The country's biggest industry, mining, fell 0.4 percent a year by volume
between 1994 and 2012 and, except for the commodities boom in the 2000s, the
industry lost 80 000 jobs.

Industries such as transport, financial services and communication grew while
the manufacturing sector declined.

In 2003, the new Broad Based Black Economic Empowerment Act was promulgated, but
the Presidency admits its emphasis on ownership has led to fronting, speculation
and tender abuse.

Land redistribution to reverse the effects of the 1913 Land Act has had mixed
successes. On May 1994, high on the agenda was land reform, and the ANC said a
new Land Claims Court would have the power to order the transfer of state and
expropriated land to dispossessed people.

Since 1994, 9.4 million hectares of land were redistributed and almost 250 000
people benefited. But the Presidency says the focus will need to be on releasing
land to stimulate economic growth and employment.

There has also been an increase in strikes since 2000 and the biggest were by
workers in the public service, mining and the automotive industry.

More recently, there was the Marikana strike and the ongoing platinum strike,
and the farmworker strike in the Western Cape.

In the Presidency's review, the government said three major concerns were
workplace conflict which threatened production and investment; the rising
electricity price; and the dependence on short-term portfolio capital flows to
finance investment.

The concrete stuff

The apartheid government invested heavily in infrastructure in so-called white
areas, but at the expense of providing services such as education, health care,
housing and municipal services to most South Africans.

By 1976, this investment declined and in 1994 the new RDP programme set out to
reverse the imbalances.

Since then, 84 468 new classrooms and 21 774 ablution facilities at schools were
built; 8 765 schools were provided with water and 6 434 had new electricity
connections. A total of |2 761 new schools were built.

Over 1 500 new health-care facilities were built and others were upgraded to
ensure everyone had access to a clinic or hospital 5km from where they lived.
Eighteen new hospitals were built and half of the 400 hospitals were renovated.

Some 2.8 million government-subsidised houses were delivered and 875 000
serviced sites provided. This benefited more than 12 million people.

More than half the housing subsidies went to women-headed households.

But the proportion of people in informal settlements has increased. In 1996,
about 64 percent of people lived in "informal housing" and by 2011 that
increased to 77.7 percent.

In 1994, half of all households had access to basic levels of sanitation and
today 83 percent of houses have access, but the government is still struggling
to eradicate the bucket system and pit toilets.

Access to clean water increased from 60 to 95 percent of households. This is
defined as 25 litres of safe water within 200m of people's homes.

Access to electricity also increased from 50 to 86 percent of households and
over 5.8 million poor households got access to electricity.

After the rolling electricity blackouts in 2007, Eskom is building new coal
power plants while electricity prices have increased dramatically.

The Presidency acknowledged the government had to ensure a more reliable
electricity supply, improved transport infrastructure and bulk water
infrastructure maintenance.

On February 25, 1994, the Cape Times reported on a new petrol levy for Cape Town
motorists.

The city feared the new government would not see road maintenance as a priority
and a 2 cents per litre and a 20 percent surcharge on vehicle licence fees were
proposed.

Safety and prosperity

A few days after the ANC won the elections, the party proposed that all basic
foods should be exempt from VAT. It said this would help cut the cost of food.

Creating a social net through expanding the grants system had been the most
effective poverty-alleviation tool, according to the Presidency.

The number of social grant recipients increased from |2.7 million in 1994 to
over 16 million in 2009. Over 2.9 million of the recipients are over 60 years
old while 1.1 million have disabilities. The bulk of grant recipients are the
11.3 million who receive a monthly child support grant. In 1998, only 22 000
people received this grant.

The government said the grant system had significantly reduced the transmission
of inter-generational poverty.

The country spends close to 3.4 percent of its GDP on social grants, at a cost
of about |R120 billion a year.

Since 1994, crime had remained high and particularly crime against vulnerable
groups such as women and children, the Presidency acknowledged. In the early
1990s, the focus was on integrating the different police forces from apartheid
South Africa and the former homelands into a single service. The different
justice departments also had to be merged into a single department. The budget
for police and correctional services has risen dramatically since 1994.

Twenty years ago, the police budget was R6bn while now it is more than R60bn a
year, and correctional services' budget rose from R1bn to R17bn.

The Presidency's review of the justice system noted that key goals had not been
met and crime persisted while communities were impatient and resorted to
vigilantism.

Perceptions about government corruption have also worsened over the past 20
years, despite efforts to curtail it.

In tomorrow's Cape Times, we take a look at achievements in education and health
over the past 20 years.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                           September 19, 2011 Monday

ADB grants $80 million to boost water supply in valley

BYLINE: HIMALAYAN NEWS SERVICE

LENGTH: 404  words


KATHMANDU: The Asian Development Bank (ADB) is extending an $80 million loan to
Nepal for water distribution improvements which will benefit more than 2.72
million people in the densely populated Kathmandu Valley.

The ADB Board of Directors has approved the Kathmandu Valley Water Supply
Improvement Project that will expand piped water access to many more households.
Residents of Kathmandu Valley will get better quality water for more hours and
at higher pressure, it said, adding that the project will reduce water losses in
the distribution system and also raise the financial and asset management
capabilities of agencies overseeing the sector.

The project will complement other ongoing water services work being carried out
by ADB and

its development partners, including the construction of the Melamchi tunnel
which, when completed, will more than double the current available supply of
water in the valley, the Manila-based donor said.

"The project will prioritise under-served areas and poor sections of the
population in Kathmandu Valley," Urban Development specialist in ADB's South
Asia Department Manoj Sharma, said, adding that piped water through individual
connection will relieve women of the drudgery of collecting water, giving them
more time for social and economically productive activities.

Kathmandu Valley's population has been growing at over six per cent a year, but
a lack of sustainable water sources and underinvestment has left many households
with inadequate, low quality supplies which pose health risks, especially for
the poor and for women.

The works planned under the new project will include the construction of
additional bulk transmission systems and reservoirs, rehabilitation of water
distribution networks, increased household connections, and the provision of
24-hour supplies in at least 10 per cent of the targeted service area. A
comprehensive non-revenue water reduction and asset management plan designed to
minimise purchase and maintenance costs, will also be introduced.

The loan, from ADB's concessional Asian Development Fund, has a 32-year term
with an eight-year grace period. Interest will be charged at one per cent per
annum for the grace term, and 1.5 per cent for the balance. The government will
provide $50 million for a total investment cost of $130 million.

The Ministry of Physical Planning and Works will execute the project which is
due for completion in December 2016.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                             June 23, 2012 Saturday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Power plan cools

BYLINE: Grant McArthur

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 233  words


THE Baillieu Government has turned its back on a scheme to knock hundreds of
dollars a year off household power bills by replacing electric hot water systems
.

Eighteen months after signing up to a national scheme to phase out the use of
expensive electric hot water systems, the Government has taken no action,
despite winning office with a key promise to lower the cost of living.

The scheme is expected to take $180-$660 off annual power bills by replacing
inefficient electric hot water systems with new solar electric or gas-boosted
systems as they come to the end of their lifespan.

The Government's own ResourceSmart website shows households would save up to 73
per cent of their energy costs if they installed solar hot water.

While the Baillieu Government has been outspoken in opposition to the impending
carbon tax's impact on the cost of living, Opposition energy spokeswoman Lily
D'Ambrosio said it had failed to implement its own programs to ease the pain.

``For 18 months the Government has done nothing, meanwhile, here is something
they could easily do.

``It would save families hundreds of dollars, yet they just blame everyone
else.''

But government spokeswoman Justine Sywak said Victoria had started the process
of phasing out electric hot water systems with the introduction of 6-star energy
efficiency requirements in May last year, applying to all new homes, renovations
and alterations.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

USDA funds rural water and wastewater system upgrades

SECTION: RENEWABLE TECHNOLOGY; Grants

LENGTH: 255 words



HIGHLIGHT: The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) is providing over $352m in
loans and grants to upgrade rural water and wastewater systems across the
country and make infrastructure improvements in rural Alaska.


The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) is providing over $352m in loans and
grants to upgrade rural water and wastewater systems across the country and make
infrastructure improvements in rural Alaska.

Of the total funding, around $175m is being provided in loans and $165m in
grants via the Water and Environmental Program.

The funding forms a part of more than $1.5bn USDA invested in rural water and
wastewater projects in the 2014 fiscal year, which ended on 30 September.

USDA Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said: "These investments are critical for
our health and safety, and in the long term for sustainable economic
development.

"Investments like these in the nation's water infrastructure also are critical
to address the impact of climate change on our water supplies. The projects
supported with these resources will ensure rural families have access to clean
water and create jobs in communities across the country."

The projects funded will help in ensuring access to clean water in rural places.

USDA Rural Development has invested about $11bn in new and improved water and
wastewater infrastructure since 2009.

The program has benefited around 15 million rural residents and almost six
million households and businesses.

Meanwhile, the city of Buckland in Alaska is receiving a $45,000 grant to
undertake a cost analysis for preliminary engineering and environmental reports
for a proposed solid waste site.

Edgerton, Wisconsin, will receive a $7.8m loan and $2.5m grant to upgrade its
31-year-old water treatment facility.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 16, 2009 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

D.C. Council Agenda

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. DZ02

LENGTH: 1502 words


This is the meeting schedule for the D.C. Council and its committees for the
coming week. All meetings are in the Council Chamber of the John A. Wilson
Building, 1350 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, unless otherwise noted.

Today and Tomorrow

The council is in recess.

Monday

Housing and workforce development public hearing, 10 a.m. Agenda: Department of
Employment Services and Office of Ex-Offender Affairs.

Committee of the whole public hearing, 10 a.m., Room 412. Agenda: 10 to 11 a.m.,
Office of the D.C. Auditor; 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., Office of Zoning; 2 p.m. to end,
Office of Planning.

Public works and transportation public hearing, 10 a.m., Room 123. Agenda: 10
a.m. to 1 p.m., Water and Sewer Authority, Washington Aqueduct and Soil and
Water Conservation District; 2 to 6 p.m., Washington Metropolitan Area Transit
Authority.

Human services and government operations joint public hearing, 11 a.m., Room
120. Agenda: Food Stamp Expansion Act of 2009, Bill 18-0182. The legislation
would require the mayor to establish a job-training awareness program, funded by
the District's temporary assistance for needy families, to raise awareness of
eligibility for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program; and require the
mayor to establish the Heat and Eat Initiative as part of the Low-Income Home
Energy Assistance Program, to maximize the allowable standard deduction used to
calculate SNAP benefit levels by enrolling all SNAP recipients in this
initiative with a standard annual benefit of $1.

For copies of legislation, please call the council's Legislative Services
Division at 202-724-8050. Public hearings in the council chamber are broadcast
live on Council Channel 13. The chamber is equipped with an assistive listening
system to enhance sound for those with difficulty hearing.

Human services public hearing, 1 p.m., Room 120. Agenda: Public Assistance
Amendment Act of 2009, Bill 18-0006. The legislation would amend the Public
Assistance Act of 1982, Chapter 2, Title 4 of the D.C. Code, to eliminate the
requirement that children in one-parent Temporary Assistance for Needy Families
households be deprived by the death or continued absence of the second parent;
eliminate the requirement that children in two-parent TANF households be
considered deprived because of the incapacity or unemployment of one of the
parents; impose no special conditions on two-parent TANF households, except that
the primary wage-earner must be referred for job search or other work
activities; eliminate the mandatory exclusion of stepparents from the assistance
unit; allow households to choose to include a stepparent in the TANF household;
require that the children of a stepparent be included, if the household chooses
to include the stepparent; continue to require the exclusion from the assistance
unit of a biological parent living with a stepparent when the household has
chosen to exclude the stepparent from the assistance unit; continue to require
that the income of a biological parent excluded from the assistance unit because
of marriage, be considered to determine the eligibility of his/her children for
TANF; and eliminate the requirement that the assistance unit include all
dependent children living in the same household who are related by blood,
half-blood or legal adoption to any other member of the assistance unit by a
relationship that would qualify an adult as a caretaker relative of that other
member of the assistance unit.

Tuesday

Committee of the whole committee meeting, 10 a.m. Agenda:

--  Bill 18-0088, to order the legal closing of an alley in Square 5872, bounded
by Lots 49-57, 134-135 and 958, in Ward 8.

--  Bill 18-0094, to order the closing of a portion of the public alley system
in Square 4488, bounded by Maryland Ave., 19th St. NE, in Ward 5.

--  Bill 18-0123, to order the closing of a portion of Anacostia Avenue between
Foote Street and Grant Place abutting Square 5041 in NE Washington in Ward 7; to
order the legal closing of a portion of Burnham Place and Grant Place between
Kenilworth Terrace and Parkside Place, abutting Squares 5041 and 5056 in NE
Washington in Ward 7; to order the elimination of building restriction lines in
Squares 5041 and 5056 bounded by Anacostia Avenue, Foote Street, Kenilworth
Terrace and Hayes Street in Northeast, in Ward 7.

--  Bill 18-0142, to order the closing of a portion of Third Street SE between
Tingey Street SE and the Anacostia River; the closing of a portion of Fourth
Street SE between Tingey Street SE and the Anacostia River; the closing of a
portion of Fifth Street SE between M Street SE and the Anacostia River; the
closing of a portion of Sixth Street SE between M Street SE and Potomac Avenue
SE; the closing of a portion of N Street SE between Second Street SE and Fourth
Street SE; the closing of a portion of Potomac Avenue SE between Second Street
SE and Isaac Hull Avenue SE; the closing of a portion of Canal Street SE between
N Street and N Place SE. Also, the dedication of N Street SE from First Street
SE to Second Street SE; the dedication of a new street running east and west
between Second and Fifth streets SE to be designated Water Street SE; the
dedication of a new street running east and west between Fourth and Fifth
streets SE to be designated Tingey Street SE; the dedication of Third Street SE
from Tingey Street SE to Water Street SE; the dedication of Fourth Street SE
from Tingey Street SE to Water Street SE; and the dedication of Fifth Street SE
from Tingey Street SE to Water Street SE, in Ward 6.

Measures from other committees:

--  Adoption and Safe Families Amendment Act of 2009, Bill 18-0012. The
legislation would amend the Prevention of Child Abuse and Neglect Act of 1977 to
establish that individual applicants with certain criminal convictions or who
live with other adults with certain criminal convictions are disqualified from
receiving a license, approval or permission to adopt or foster a child or to
otherwise have custody of a child as legal guardian, kinship caregiver or
custodian pursuant to court order under Section 16-2320 of the D.C. Code; to
exclude certain criminal convictions from those that would disqualify an
individual from receiving a license, approval or permission to adopt or foster a
child or to otherwise have custody of a child as legal guardian, kinship
caregiver or custodian pursuant to court order under Section 16-2320 of the D.C.
Code; to identify a list of felony convictions for which an individual applicant
may, despite the conviction, or the conviction of an adult living in the home of
the individual applicant, nevertheless qualify for approval, licensure or
permission to adopt or foster a child or to otherwise have custody of a child as
legal guardian, kinship caregiver or custodian pursuant to court order under
Section 16-2320 of the D.C. Code, but only after a discretionary agency review
of the conviction and current circumstances and determination that such
approval, licensure or permission would be consistent with the health, safety
and welfare of the child; and to establish that whenever such approval,
licensure, or permission is granted to an individual applicant, in consideration
of his or her own conviction, funds that would otherwise be available under
Title IV-E of the Social Security Act for adoption assistance payments or foster
care maintenance payments shall not be made on behalf of the child; and to amend
Section 16-308 of the D.C. Code to permit the court to dispense with an
investigation, report and interlocutory decree, but not a criminal records
check, under specified circumstances.

Resolutions confirming the following appointments:

--  Hilary Cairns to the Office of Employee Appeals.

--  Clarence Labor to the Office of Employee Appeals.

--  Diaa Nour to the Public Employee Relations Board.

--  Darryl Wiggins to the Public Employee Relations Board.

--  Brenda Oliver to the Public Employee Relations Board.

Hearing reconvenes at 1 p.m.: Office of the Public Education Facilities
Modernization, Master Facilities Plan Approval Resolution, PR 18-0155, approving
the comprehensive multiyear Master Facilities Plan for the D.C. public schools.

Wednesday

Economic development public hearing, 10 a.m. Agenda: 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Walter E.
Washington Convention Center Authority Designation D.C. (formerly D.C.
Convention and Tourism) and D.C. Sports and Entertainment Commission.

Public services and consumer affairs public hearing, 10 a.m., Room 412. Agenda:
10:00 to 11:30 a.m., Office of the People's Counsel; 1 to 3:30 p.m., Department
of Insurance, Securities and Banking

Finance and revenue committee meeting, 10 a.m., Room 120. The agenda had not
been set at press times.

Committee of the whole public hearing, 11 a.m., Room 120. Agenda: hearing on the
fiscal 2010 budget for the University of the District of Columbia

Health committee meeting, 2 p.m., Room 123. The agenda had not been set at press
times.

For updates, call the 24-hour information line at 202-724-8554 or go to
http://www.dccouncil.washington.dc.us.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: DC

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                           September 7, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

In recycling world, ACT firm cleaning up

BYLINE: Claire Low

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 280  words


A Canberra company believes it has a long- term solution to our continuing
drought.

The water recycling system of Perpetual Water, according to a NSW Government
assessment, can reduce household water consumption by 67 per cent.

The Government has awarded it a $720,000 grant to apply its technology to
residential apartment buildings.

Fifty units have already been sold to houses in the ACT, NSW and Victoria and
within a month, with accreditation, the technology will be available
Australia-wide.

There has also been international interest.

Managing director John Grimes said the system converted grey water to class A
water with a level of purity comparable with tap water. It recycled all
household water except kitchen sink and toilet water.

The recycled water, though sterile, is not intended for drinking.

He said the unit, which cost $8900 plus installation for a house, was silent and
had a footprint size comparable with that of a 1500-litre water tank.

In the three-stage filtering process, it removes all floating matter from the
water with a settling agent, then dissolved contaminants such as detergent are
removed.

Finally, viruses, bacteria and pathogens are removed with ultraviolet
sterilisation and a low dose of chlorine.

The company is currently working to scale up the design so that 10,000 litres of
water can be treated a day for an apartment block.

The system is to be contained within a unit and will be modular, occupying an
area no larger than one car park space.

For its environmental solutions, Perpetual Water was a finalist in the Green
Smart Product of the Year award.

"The housing industry recognises that this technology is the way of the future,"
Mr Grimes said.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             August 13, 2007 Monday

USAID PROVIDES ADDITIONAL $1.6 MILLION FOR FLOOD VICTIMS IN BALOCHISTAN

LENGTH: 335 words


ISLAMABAD: Furthering its commitment towards humanitarian assistance in the
flood-affected regions of Pakistan, the U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID) and its Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance (OFDA) have
provided a grant of $1.6 million to bring emergency relief to communities
affected by Cyclone Yemyin that hit Balochistan and Sindh provinces in late
June.

"USAID's objective for disaster assistance is to preserve life, minimize
suffering, foster self-sufficiency and enhance recovery," said USAID/Pakistan
Mission Director Anne Aarnes. "Our increased assistance demonstrates the
American people's support for the Pakistani families who have endured this
disaster, and we will continue to monitor their needs."

The $1.6 million grant has been provided to non-governmental organizations,
Catholic Relief Services (CRS) and American Refugee Committee (ARC), to provide
emergency shelter, water, sanitation, and hygiene in the flood-affected areas of
Balochistan.  "The USAID support will enable us to adopt an integrated approach
for addressing unmet needs for dignified and appropriate shelter, potable water
close to settlement areas, and sanitation options that can help reduce the risk
of disease outbreak, " said Alex Causton, CRS Head of Programming in Pakistan.
Through its emergency recovery program, CRS is helping 2,500 households
(estimated 21,000 individuals) in Kech District by giving them basic relief
supplies including cooking utensils, plastic sheeting, hygiene kits and water
filtration systems, and providing them cash for work.

Similarly, ARC will address the essential shelter, water, sanitation and hygiene
needs of 12,000 affected families in the Districts of Kharan and Noshki, as part
of its community-driven and economic enhancing approach. The $1.6 million
assistance package is in addition to $390,000 provided in early July that
provided relief to over 11,000 households in the Balochistan districts of Bolan,
Lasbela, Jhal Magsi, Jaffarabad and Naseerabad.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Floods/Tidal Waves; Development/Humanitarian Aid

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                      Copyright 2007 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Marlborough Express (New Zealand)

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Council seeks ratepayers' views on 10-year plan

BYLINE: HEATHER SIMPSON

SECTION: NEWS; GENERAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 524 words


Have your say Talk to a councillor:

April 9: Blenheim Library, 1pm- 3pm. April 10: Renwick Supermarket, noon-2.30pm;
Blenheim Library, 1pm-3pm. April 15: Seddon, public meeting at Community Hall,
6.30pm, Blenheim Library, 1pm-3pm. April 17: Council's ground floor committee
room, 1pm-3pm. April 18: Redwoodtown and Railway Station car-boot markets,
9am-noon. April 19: Marlborough Farmers' Market, A&P Park, Blenheim, 9am- noon.
Submissions on the consultation document will be accepted until 5pm on May 7.

--------------------

Ratepayers can give their views on Marlborough District Council's major projects
for the next 10 years and their impact on rates and debt.

The council's long-term plan 2015-2025 consultation document was released for
public consultation on Thursday and addresses what councillors see as the 10 big
issues.

People have five weeks to make their views known.

A leaflet setting out council's top spending priorities will be delivered to
households with the Saturday Express on April 11.

More details are available in a larger consultation document which is on the
council website and can be seen at any council office or library.

Council proposes a $420 million capital budget with the majority on big
infrastructure projects.

Seddon householders are boiling their water but drinkable water straight from
the tap could be in place by 2018.

Council wants to build a new water treatment plant for Seddon costing $4.4m
funded from a government subsidy, reserves and council debt funding.

Seddon ratepayers paying a council water rate would see a $543 increase in water
rates.

A filter-type system is proposed for households in the wider Awatere costing
$1.4m.

It would cost $1006 a year to each ratepayer if there was a 100 per cent uptake.

In Renwick, a new water reservoir, introduction of water meters to each
household, a new water source and a water treatment plant costing $30.4m is
proposed.

Metering and charging for water would reduce water demand and the frequency of
water restrictions, council says.

Council also proposes water meters for each household in Havelock, along with a
new water reservoir and water treatment plant. A $28m irrigation scheme for
Flaxbourne would allow irrigation of 2250 hectares of land between Grassmere and
Ward and allow owners to develop vineyards and have mixed cropping. Landowners
who join the scheme would pay a targeted rate.

The Blenheim revitalisation project includes development of a Riverside Park,
greening of council-owned car parks, new streetscape and construction of a new
library and art gallery costing $23.5m.

In Picton, there are plans for a $6m service centre and library.

A planned single economic agency, with a $2m budget, would run council's
existing "smart and connected" projects along with visitor marketing through
Destination Marlborough, events promotion and the management of the Marlborough
Convention Centre.

A targeted rate would apply across Marlborough mostly weighted towards
industrial and commercial properties.

Councillors are planning to promote awareness of the consultation document by
getting out among the public at markets, supermarkets and the libraries.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 6, 2011 Wednesday

Pomeroy awarded $500k from ODD

BYLINE: Beth Sergent, The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 433 words


April 06--POMEROY -- The Village of Pomeroy is one of three communities awarded
major funding from the Ohio Department of Development to make critical
improvements to their wastewater and sewer systems.

ODD announced the awards this week, stating the grants are from the federally
funded Water and Sanitary Sewer Program, administered by ODD's Office of Housing
and Community Partnerships.

Pomeroy will receive $500,000 to install approximately 2,500 linear feet of
sewer lines, replace two lift stations and make upgrades to the wastewater
treatment plant. The estimated project cost is more than $1 million and will
benefit 567 households, according to ODD.

Last year, the Ohio Environmental Protection Agency began to put its foot down
concerning violations at Pomeroy's wastewater treatment plant and lift stations.
The lift stations aren't equipped with backup generators and without the
generators, when the power goes out, untreated sewage gets dumped into the Ohio
River. The ODD funding will help correct these problems and bring Pomeroy into
compliance with Ohio EPA standards.

ODD's Water and Sanitary Sewer Program helps local governments maintain,
improve, and expand water and sanitary sewer systems. Applications for the
program are accepted on a continuous basis and are rated against the following
criteria: number of persons expected to benefit from the project; ability to
leverage funds; program impact; program readiness; and the community's financial
capacity and rate structure. Communities with documented health and safety
concerns receive priority for funding.

Other communities awarded funding were Holmes County (Paint Township), in
conjunction with the Winesburg Area Development Corporation, which will receive
$500,000 to develop a new well field and construct a new water treatment
facility. The estimated project cost is $3.3 million. The project will benefit
319 households.

Also, Washington County (Salem Township) will receive $142,000 to install
approximately 17,600 linear feet of waterlines. The estimated project cost is
more than $250,000. The project will benefit 17 households.

In all, the three communities are receiving more than $1 million in water and
sewer funds to assist improvements to infrastructure systems, benefiting 900
households.

To see more of The Daily Sentinel, go to http://www.mydailysentinel.com/.
Copyright (c) 2011, The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110406-UO-Pomeroy-awarded-500k-from-ODD-0406-20110406

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UO


                                 Copyright 2011


                              623 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 6, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Working for a Better Bay

SECTION: Editorial; A22

LENGTH: 516 words


An Oct. 17 Metro story outlined the results of a recent poll commissioned by the
Chesapeake Bay Foundation, which  found that citizens across the watershed
recognize the bay as a national treasure and are willing to pay for its
restoration. What the article didn't note was that 95 percent of the registered
voters polled placed the responsibility on government to meet the commitments to
this restoration.

It is an embarrassment that the Environmental Protection Agency lists the
Chesapeake Bay among the nation's "dirty waters." Science has provided us with a
blueprint to restore the bay. With restoration efforts at a tipping point, it is
past time for elected officials to get serious about implementing this
blueprint.

A Close to Home article by Howard Ernst on the same day was in error, however,
in saying that the Chesapeake Bay Foundation received a $100,000 grant funded in
part from Altria Group, the parent company of Philip Morris. Altria did not
provide any funding for this grant, according to the National Fish and Wildlife
Foundation, the grantor. Altria, in fact, is the subject of a legal action by
the foundation challenging a water pollution permit issued by Virginia to Philip
Morris USA's tobacco-processing plant in Chesterfield County.

ROY A. HOAGLAND

Vice President

Environmental Protection and Restoration

Chesapeake Bay Foundation

Annapolis

*

Howard Ernst painted a bleak picture of the state of the Chesapeake Bay. But in
the Washington region, home to about 25 percent of the residents of the bay's
watershed, local initiative and common-sense regulation have significantly
reduced pollution and improved water quality in the Potomac River, the bay's
second-largest tributary.

Pollution reduction efforts began in 1959 with the implementation of secondary
treatment at Blue Plains and at other facilities from 1960 to 1980. Since the
early 1970s, phosphorus loadings have been reduced approximately 96 percent. The
benefits have been dramatic: Almost no nuisance algal blooms have been observed,
and oxygen levels are much improved. Since the 1990s local governments and
wastewater utilities in the region have used advanced biological nutrient
removal, reducing nitrogen loads from sewage treatment plants more than 40
percent.

Outstanding storm water management programs further have helped mitigate the
effects of development. Despite dramatic increases in employment, households and
population, nutrient pollution loads from the Washington region have declined,
water quality in the Potomac has improved, and recreational fishing and boating
have rebounded.

Increases in employment, households and population by 2030 will require more
pollution-reduction efforts to improve the quality of life and competitive
advantages of our region and to meet new water quality standards for the Potomac
River and the Chesapeake Bay. As leaders in the Chesapeake Bay restoration
effort, local governments are committed to meeting these challenges.

PENELOPE A. GROSS

Vice Chair, Chesapeake Bay Policy Committee

Metropolitan Washington Council

of Governments

Annandale

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              624 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

Safety Nets Are Becoming Game Changers for Disaster Response in Southern Africa

LENGTH: 837  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, D.C: World Bank Group has issued the following news release



   Rain- finally! A sigh of joy goes through the audience as the President of
Madagascar Hery Rajaonarimampianina sets his foot on the little stage in
Ambovombe, a small town in the South of Madagascar.





 The President is here not for the rain but to witness the first payment of a
new cash transfer program, financed by the World Bank and UNICEF, to respond to
the wide-spread food insecurity and malnutrition caused by a two -year drought
that has distressed large regions of Southern Africa, from Madagascar to Angola,
from Ethiopia to South Africa.



 Southern Africa has been hit by its worst drought in 35 years. Across the
region, it is estimated that between June 2016 and March 2017, 32 million people
are food insecure. The humanitarian impact extends beyond food security with
reports of increased levels of malnutrition, difficulty in accessing water,
higher school drop-out rates, increased incidence of communicable diseases and
rural to urban migration.



 Poor harvests and resulting cereal deficits have caused food prices to soar.
Poverty is expected to rise, jeopardizing decades of hard-won developmental
gains in the region.  The countries where the impact of the drought is highest
include some of the poorest countries in the world: Lesotho, Madagascar, Malawi,
Mozambique, Swaziland, and Zimbabwe.



 In response to this emergency, the World Bank is using its Crisis Response
Window (CRW) through the Banks' Fund for the Poorest (IDA) to provide additional
financing to a number of countries, including Lesotho, Madagascar, Malawi and
Mozambique to provide fast disbursements of cash transfers to the affected
population. This is now possible thanks to the rise of social safety nets in
Africa in recent years.



 Many countries have put major efforts into testing and setting up cash transfer
programs that are able to reach the poorest of the poor, even in remote areas,
based on community and proxy-means-test selection, and using transparent payment
mechanisms through financial intermediaries - mobile banking services,
microfinance institutions or NGOs - to provide extreme poor households with
regular income support over several years.



 The programs are often linked to promoting school attendance of primary school
children, participation in nutrition and health programs, or they are linked to
work requirements, such as Ethiopia's Productive Social Safety Net program
reaching food insecure households during the lean season, in exchange for cash
payments to beneficiaries.



 It is, however, the first time, that cash transfers are being used to respond
to the drought in a number of countries in Southern Africa.  In fact, they have
become a primary response, alongside other interventions, for governments, with
support from the World Bank, to provide direct support to the disaster-affected
population.



     In Lesotho, an additional $20 million financing from the Bank's Crisis
Response Window to the ongoing Social Assistance Project , which supports the
expansion of the Child Grants Program, an unconditional cash transfer for the
poorest families, increasing beneficiaries from 27,000 to 48,000 households. In
addition, the funding is used to support a comprehensive administrative reform
to improve implementation.



     In Madagascar, the World Bank provided an additional $35 million financing
to support drought affected households in the Southern region.  The additional
funds will provide cash transfers, livelihood recovery grants and nutrition
services to about 320,000 extreme poor people in the most drought-affected
districts of the regions of Androy and Anosy. Cash payments are made to the
female head of the household and will be linked to school attendance of children
over the medium term.

     In Malawi, the response is two-pronged: With $70 million additional
financing for the Strengthening Safety Nets Systems Project, cash transfers will
be provided to 100,000 more households in nine additional districts.  Short-term
employment through public works for 900,000 households will also be provided.
The project includes funding for livelihood and skills development, supporting
early recovery of affected households. In addition, $20 million will also
supplement the Malawi Drought Recovery and Resilience Project, supporting
recovery through agriculture, irrigation, water resources and water supply
interventions.

     In Mozambique, the response is also two-pronged: An additional $10 million
funding to the Social Protection Project will provide cash transfers to about
200,000 people in districts affected by drought.  An additional $20 million from
the Bank's Fund for the Poorest (IDA) is used to scale up the Emergency
Resilient Recovery Project, strengthening water management and infrastructure
(dams, rehabilitation and expansion of water supply systems and boreholes).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

Crown Point needs water upgrade

BYLINE: Lohr McKinstry, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 471 words


Oct. 01--CROWN POINT -- The Crown Point Town Council is using income surveys to
try to qualify for grants to upgrade a failing water system.

The town has a Capital Improvement Plan for its water system, developed by AES
Northeast PLLC of Plattsburgh, Crown Point Town Supervisor Charles Harrington
said recently.

"One of the weakest links in the town's water-distribution system is the water
main serving Main Street and the core business district of Crown Point," he said
by email.

"The main serves the Crown Point Central School, senior center, fire district
and many businesses. Referred to by locals as the '1890 Main,' for the year it
was installed, it is severely corroded and tuberculated."

FREQUENT PROBLEMS

The town's public water system has about 430 users, Harrington said, and AES was
hired to evaluate it.

"This water main has been prone to multiple breaks and no longer has the
capacity to efficiently convey water to businesses and residents.

"Boil-water orders are issued routinely as a result of pressure loss, and that
results in a lack of firefighting capability. Replacement of this water main is
critical to Main Street activity."

NO BACKUP WELL

He said the community had two well sources: one on Pearl Street and the other at
the Essex County Fish Hatchery.

The Pearl Street well, drilled in 2001, is contaminated and does not meet state
health codes, Harrington said.

He said its use been discontinued, and that has left the water system without
any redundancy, which is also a violation of state regulations.

The town water-treatment plant also has deficiencies, including the control
system, equipment, testing laboratory and chemical feed pumps, and it does not
meet current building codes.

GRANTS NEEDED

"The town board is actively seeking grant funding in order to implement the
needs of the community and to lower the project costs," Harrington said.

"One of the most important components of qualifying for grant programs are the
income levels of households in the water district. The income of the residents
and businesses is required for multiple grant funding programs."

To that end, two separate surveys are planned, one targeting State Community
Development Block Grant funding and the other seeking U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development grants.

Harrington said he's urging all residents to fill out the survey forms, which
are being mailed, and return them.

The Essex County Industrial Development Agency will be opening and tabulating
the questionnaires to ensure the information is kept confidential.

Email Lohr McKinstry: lmckinstry@pressrepublican.com

Twitter: @LohrMcKinstry

?Email: lmckinstry@pressrepublican.com

Twitter: @LohrMcKinstry

___ (c)2014 the Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, N.Y.) Visit the Press-Republican
(Plattsburgh, N.Y.) at pressrepublican.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141001-ZI-Crown-Point-needs-water-upgrade-1001-20141001

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2014 The Press-Republican


                              626 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              July 4, 2014 Friday

Chitora wetlands conservation & integrated livelihoods for biodiversity
conservation

LENGTH: 538  words


Start Date : 11/2013


End Date : 8/2015


Country : Zimbabwe
Status : Currently under execution
Project Number : ZIM/SGP/OP5/Y3/STAR/BD/13/04
Grant Amount :  US$ 49,993.00


Area Of Work : Biodiversity
Operational Phase : Phase 5
Grantee : Shurugwi Partners


1.1 Project Summary
The Chitora wetlands conservation and integrated livelihoods for biodiversity
conservation is a community driven intervention to be implemented in ward 1
(Chitora) in the rural communities of Shurugwi district, under Tongogara Rural
District Council.The key environmental problems to be addressed by the project
include the current wetlands depletion as a result of unsustainable utilization
and land degradation in the area. All members of the community lead a natural
resource based livelihoods; therefore there is a sharp decline and degradation
of wetlands due to the heavy reliance on them by communities for gardening and
watering livestock during the dry season when water becomes scarce.


The project targets three major wetlands which are Faquar 1, Tugwi

Dekete and Mushandirapamwe. The Faquar 1 wetland measuring 4 hectares is in
Faquar Village 1 and is being utilized for community gardening by a group of 8
men and 17 women household heads. Initially, the wetland had a rich diversity of
flora and fauna. Most of them are on the verge of extinction due to degradation
and drying up of some parts of the wetland. Most common flora species include
reeds, water berry trees, water lilies and many species of wetland grasses.The
fauna species present include different bird species like stock bird, king
fisher, ducks and red barret. Different insects, snails, catfish and amphibian
species are found in the wetland. This wetland plays a very important role in
providing enough water for community needs during droughts when all other areas
dry up. The members of the garden produce leaf vegetables, tomatoes and other
horticultural produces for household consumption. They use the brush wood
fencing system due to lack of security fence and other innovative live fencing
techniques. The cutting down of trees in the surrounding area has a negative
feedback on the quality of this wetland due to encroaching deforestation and
catchment degradation.
Tugwi-Dekete wetland is an extensive 6 hectares area closer to Tugwi River. It
is being utilized for community gardening by 21 household members of the Chitora
village comprising of 11 women and 10 men. The most dominant fauna species are
different types of grass, reeds, water weeds, tuber plants, and some indigenous
tree species which are on the verge of extinction. This wetland area is a
habitat of most insect species, birds like weaver birds, white stock birds,
ducks and red barret. Hares, amphibians and fish species like breams, catfish
and carp are very common in this wetland. During the dry season, the 2 hectares
garden initiated in the past 2 years produces maize and vegetables for household
consumption. The major challenges to th

Project completion date : 2015-08-30 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : P.O. Box 4775
Harare, AFRICAN REGION, 264-4-

Country :Zimbabwe
Financier : Global Environment Facility Small Grants Programme (SGP),

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                             April 2, 2016 Saturday

'1,816 households in Irbid to be connected to sewage network'

LENGTH: 505  words


By Hana Namrouqa  - Apr 02,2016 - Last updated at Apr 02,2016

AMMAN -- A total of 1,816 households in Irbid's Beit Ras village and adjacent
areas in the northern governorate's east will be connected to the sewage network
under a project under way at a cost of 12 million euros, according to a
government official.

The project, which will be implemented in two phases, is funded through a grant
from the EU, Water Minister Hazem Nasser said in a statement e-mailed to The
Jordan Times on Saturday, noting that 1,269 household in Beit Ras, some 80km
north of Amman, will be linked to the sewage network, while 45km of main and
tertiary sewage pipelines will be extended at a cost of JD5.6 million to serve
9,500 people.

Another 547 households in adjacent areas will also be linked to the sewage
network to serve 4,100 people, Nasser said, adding that 13km of main and
tertiary sewage pipelines will be extended at a cost of JD1.2 million.

"The project seeks to introduce wastewater services at local communities hosting
Syrian refugees to secure a healthy and safe environment, and also to cope with
the increasing amounts of wastewater following the increase in the number of
water users and discharged wastewater," Nasser said in the statement.

The minister highlighted that the collected wastewater will be treated and used
for the irrigation of certain crops.

Omar Taani, a resident of Beit Ras, welcomed the plan to link his hometown to
the sewage network, saying it will help improve the environment.

Taani said that the entire town dumps its wastewater in cesspits, which are
actually ancient underground caves and holes.

"Nobody here in Beit Ras needs to empty their cesspits because they are
underground caves and have never overflowed, we don't have to worry about this.
However, we are deeply concerned about the final destination of the wastewater
and its impact in the long-run," Taani told The Jordan Times.

He expressed fears that the ground underneath Beit Ras would collapse one day
due to the fact that thousands of people in the town dispose of their wastewater
in a network of ancient holes.

Cesspits in the north of the Kingdom are the source of recurring pollution
incidents, because some of them are not built according to standards, or their
owners neglect having them emptied which causes them to overflow and reach part
of the water network, according to water officials.

The ministry floated the project's tender last year. The Water Authority of
Jordan awarded ILF Consulting Engineers the consultancy services contract for
the wastewater networks in Irbid and Beit Ras. The services included design,
tendering and construction supervision for a complete sewer network in Beit Ras
and other areas of Irbid, where some 1.77 million people live, according to the
2015 population census.

The contract duration is 30 months.

Nasser said in previous statements to the press that water demand is increasing
in the northern governorates and so is the production of wastewater that is
exceeding the capacity of treatment plants.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2016 The Jordan Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           February 7, 2015 Saturday

Support Project to clean up the environment for the improvement of water quality
and food security in the Municipality of Glazoué (Collines Department)

LENGTH: 240  words


Grantee:  CENTRE AFRIKA OBOTA
Area Of Work:  International Waters
Operational Phase:  Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 25,000.00
Description : The Afrika Centre Obota has, since the communication of the
results of research in the Hills region between 2003 and 2007, conducted:


-l'assainissement environment of three pilot communities;
-The realization of EcoSan latrines family for households;
-the provision of protective perimeter boreholes;
-etc.
In view of the gains, the Afrika Centre Obota decided strengthen actions and
expand the strategy to three other villages (Akouègba, and Hoco Sowe) where the
latrine coverage is very low.
To support behavioral change measures introduced in the pilot villages,
CAD-BENIN wants to go down the EcoSan process to promote the products of
latrines. It also proceed with the construction of new EcoSan latrines to meet
the demand of people who today are very concerned about environmental issues.
Based on the application and the proposed contribution of households, the CAD
was given the task of mobilizing the counterpart funding to start the second
latrines extension phase.
Grantee Contact
Mr System Administrator
Address
Cotonou ,
Project completion date : 2016-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : Zone Residentielle-Lot No. 11
BP 506 Cotonou

Country :Benin
Email : mathieu.hounato@undp.org

Financier : Global Environment Facility Small Grants Programme (SGP),

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Meridian Star (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 7, 2011 Wednesday

City council approves deal with Andersons

BYLINE: Brian Livingston, The Meridian Star, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 430 words


Sept. 07--MERIDIAN -- According to Ward 1 Meridian City Councilman Dr. George
Thomas, the council members approved an agreement with Andersons Regional
Medical Center on Tuesday to allow the hospital to lay a fiber optics line from
its main campus to the South Campus.

This agreement, said Thomas, allows for Andersons to dig under the roadway to
the South Campus and for that privilege, Anderson will pay the city $2.60 per
foot for the 20 years the agreement spans. Thomas said Andersons will be in
charge of all maintenance and upkeep of the lines and in turn, Andersons will
allow the city access to the fiber optics.

Thomas said other action with the council included giving the director of the
Meridian Department of Homeland Security, Tim Miller, the approval to apply for
a $139,000 federal grant. The grant money will go towards the purchase of radio
equipment and other emergency items to further ensure the coordination between
county agencies in eastern Mississippi.

A communication system that sends data from one water treatment facility in the
city to another was approved with no additional costs to the city, Thomas said.
Previously, it was thought by the council members they may have to go through
the cost and process of registering a VHF licensed communication system but
instead this alternative was found. The data does not involve human
communication but rather it is a data link between the facilities designed so
the facilities are coordinated in their services.

A contract with the city attorney, Ronnie Walton, was approved at a lower rate
as before, Thomas said.

An alley located at 38th Street, west of 44th Avenue, was closed by the council
members. Thomas said the alley was not being used for any city purposes and the
council members wanted to alleviate the expense of upkeep of the alley. Now,
property owners adjoining the alley will absorb the property and be responsible
for its upkeep.

A hazardous waste day for household goods will be held Sept. 17 from 8 a.m.
until 2 p.m. Citizens with household waste that is too hazardous for normal
garbage pickup may bring their materials to the Public Works Complex in Meridian
during those hours.

Thomas said on Sept. 13, beginning at 5:30 p.m. at the Meridian Police
Department, the public is invited to attend a hearing on the proposed city
budget. He said if anyone has questions about the proposed budget they can voice
their concerns during that hearing.

___ (c)2011 The Meridian Star (Meridian, Miss.) Visit The Meridian Star
(Meridian, Miss.) at meridianstar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110907-ZG-City-council-approves-deal-with-Andersons-0907-20110907

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZG


                        Copyright 2011 The Meridian Star


                              630 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            August 2, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Unplugging from the grid can save consumers big bucks

BYLINE: Patrick Langston, For Canwest News Service

SECTION: HOMES; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


OTTAWA -- Looking to wean yourself off the grid? The savings -- to you and the
planet -- can be astronomical.

Here's how: Start by calculating how much energy your home is consuming and what
you can save by changing your habits and retrofitting your home.

Online aids, like Natural Resources Canada's home heating calculator
(www.canren.gc.ca) are invaluable.

B.C. residents can check out B.C. Hydro's PowerSmart options for home customers.
(www.bchydro.com and follow the PowerSmart links).

The next step is to calculate the return on investment of generating your own
energy, beginning with the simplest technologies and those that give the biggest
immediate bang for the buck.

Remember that once you opt for generating your own energy, you'll need an energy
audit to qualify for federal EcoENERGY and matching provincial grants.

- A drain water heat recovery system

Like RenewABILITY Energy Inc.'s Power-Pipe (www.renewability.com), it uses heat
from shower, dishwasher and other household waste water to warm cold water
before it enters your hot water heater. Hot waste water passes down an interior
copper pipe around which cold water tubing is wrapped, warming the fresh water
to roughly 25 C from 10 C. There is no contact between waste and fresh water.

Installed cost: $600 to $1,200

Approximate savings: $200 a year

Government rebates: Up to $260

- Solar hot water system

Increasingly popular, it consists of solar panels or tubes, usually mounted on
the roof, a pump, a heat exchanger and a holding tank. The system pumps a
liquid, such as glycol, through a closed loop to the panels or tubes, where it
is heated by the sun's energy, before returning to the basement where it
transfers its heat to household water. Popular systems include EnerWorks
(www.enerworks.com). Solar heating is especially well suited to swimming pools.

Installed cost: from $6,000

Approximate savings: Up to 60 per cent of annual hot water heating costs.

Government rebates: $1,300 plus

- A solar hot air system

It consists of wall-mounted solar panels that warm the cooler air from the floor
level of your house and return it via a vent mounted a couple of feet below the
ceiling. Thermostat-controlled systems, like SolarSheet (www.yoursolarhome.com),
use a solar-powered fan to move the air through the panels.

Installed cost: from $2,500

Approximate savings: Up to 15 per cent of annual heating costs

Government rebates: None

- Windmills

Suitable for rural properties, they are great in high-wind areas. They supply
power, via an inverter, to a battery bank that then feeds the household energy
needs. Windmills can be a supplemental energy source or part of an off-grid
strategy.

Installed cost: $15,000 plus

Approximate savings: Up to 30 per cent of household electricity; payback is a
relatively long 12 to 15 years.

Government rebates: None

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday

Water and Sanitation Extension Programme: Thousands benefit in Chitral, G-B

LENGTH: 619  words


The completion of work on a mega water and sanitation project has raised the
standard of living of thousands of household in Gilgit-Baltistan (G-B) and
Chitral.

The Water and Sanitation Extension Programme (WASEP) has benefited over 210,000
people in 12,000 households in the region.

The collaboration of the German government and Aga Khan Development Network
(AKDN) has not only helped improved lives by providing safe drinking water and
sanitation facilities, but also benefited people through the installation of
over 10,000 latrines, around 12,000 household tap stands and over 500 communal
taps.

These details were shared at a seminar on 'Water and sanitation extension
programme in Gilgit-Baltistan and Chitral,' organised under the Aga Khan
Foundation and Aga Khan Planning and Building Services, here on Wednesday.

The seminar highlighted the completion of a four-year safe water and sanitation
project in collaboration with the German Federal Foreign Office through
Kreditanstalt fur Wiederaufbau (KfW) Development Bank, AKDN, and Aga Khan
Planning and Building Service, Pakistan (AKPBSP).

Speakers said that the project demonstrated a unique public-private partnership
between AKDN, the governments of Gilgit-Baltistan and Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa (K-P)
and the local communities.

As part of a Rs1.25 billion KfW grant announced in 2010, safe drinking water,
sanitation and sewerage facilities were provided in northern Pakistan through
WASEP.

"Water and sanitation are often taken for granted and people expect them to be
there when needed like electricity," said the KfW Country Director, Wolfgang
Moellers. "Life in far-flung areas is difficult."

Following the project, Moellers said that the quality of life had improved as
the elimination of a two kilometre trek to get water gave women and children
more time for other activities.

"Clean water is one of the key challenges facing Pakistan," said secretary
German Embassy First Secretary Almut Anita Knop. "Providing safe drinking water
to people living in remote areas is an important step."

AKF Pakistan CEO Akhtar Iqbal said WASEP's approach of working with local
communities had helped in building the capacities of the local people and
empowered women.

"With the application of sustainable and risk-resilient technical interventions,
we have been able to uplift the lives, particularly of women and young girls,
who used to spend a large part of their day collecting water from contaminated
sources located far away from their villages," AKPBSP Chairperson Hafiz Sherali
said.

Nearly half the population in G-B and Chitral does not have access to safe
drinking water and adequate sanitation facilities.

According to pre-intervention indicators in the region, 30 to 40 per cent of all
deaths were attributed to water-borne diseases. Women and young girls spent on
average three to four hours per day travelling long distances to collect
contaminated water and on average 30 per cent of a household's income was spent
on medical expenses related to waterborne diseases.

"My daughters would suffer terribly due to diarrhoea from drinking dirty water
from the well," said Tasleem Bano, a resident of Khanabad in Lower Hunza.

She said that at least Rs500 out of her husband's total earnings of Rs6,000
would be spent on medical treatment for her children. Following the project,
Bano said, she was able to use the additional time to help her children with
their homework or stitch clothes for them.

Other post-intervention achievements include water and sanitation awareness and
education outreach through more than 1,500 School Health Improvement Programmes
(SHIP) and 1,300 Community Health Improvement Programmes (CHIP).

Published in The Express Tribune, January 29th, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 12, 2016 Saturday

USPTO grants trade mark "IC SMART INVERTER" to LG Electronics Inc. CORPORATION

LENGTH: 228 words

DATELINE: New York


Alexandria: LG Electronics Inc. CORPORATION, has been granted trademark
(5075740) titled as "IC SMART INVERTER" from the United States Patent and
Trademark Office.



Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 011. US 013 021 023 031 034. G & S: Refrigerator; wine
refrigerator; electric refrigerating showcases; electric refrigerators; electric
clothes dryers; clothing management machines having the functions of deodorizing
and steaming garments for household purposes; air purifiers; household air
cleaners; water purifiers for household purposes; electric humidifiers; electric
dehumidifiers for household purposes; electric ranges; electric cooking ovens
for household purposes; microwave oven; air conditioners; air conditioners for
vehicles; Heating installations; Air conditioning apparatus and installations;
Solar collectors for heating; compressor for air conditioner; LED lamps; Water
treatment equipment, namely, water filtration units and reverse osmosis units;
Ventilation apparatus and instruments for automobiles; Solar powered air systems
for heating and air conditioning purposes; Air-conditioning, air cooling and
ventilation apparatus and instruments; refrigerating machines; Cooling units for
industrial purposes; Membrane filter cartridges for water; Headlights for
automobile

Filing Date: September 2, 2015

Date of registration: 08-11-2016

First Use in Commerce: N/A


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2017 Saturday

Washington: Bennet Statement on Trump's Budget Blueprint

LENGTH: 450  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Michael Bennet, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:



 Colorado U.S. Senator Michael Bennet today released the following statement on
President's Trump federal budget blueprint, which would increase defense
spending by $54 billion by cutting funding from more than a dozen agencies.





 "This budget is not a serious proposal to help our country compete in the 21st
century economy." Bennet said. "Even members of the President's own party have
called this dead on arrival. Cutting investments in infrastructure,
environmental protection, research, and affordable housing isn't putting
'America First.' Instead, this blueprint offers ideologically-driven cuts
masquerading as deficit reduction. The President should abandon this plan and
start working with Republicans and Democrats on responsible, bipartisan
solutions to reduce our deficit while maintaining important investments in our
country."



 Among the proposed cuts that will affect Coloradans, President Trump's budget
would slash funding for:



     The Environmental Protection Agency's climate change program, eliminating
$330 million for the Superfund program and $129 million for enforcement
activities to keep our air and water clean

     The Department of Energy's assistance to states, which promotes renewable
energy and energy efficiency, particularly for low income households

     The Department of Education, including eliminating $2.4 billion for support
and professional development for teachers and school leaders and cutting other
important P-12 and higher education investments

     The State Department, which is vital to advancing our national security
interests and to keeping Americans safe around the world

     The Department of Agriculture's rural water and wastewater loan and grant
program, which helps small rural communities extend and improve water and
wastewater treatment facilities that serve local households and businesses

     The Department of Labor, specifically for job training and employment
service formula grants

     The National Institutes of Health, eliminating $5.8 billion from efforts to
research innovative cures for life-threatening diseases

     FEMA grant programs, such as FEMA's Pre-Disaster Mitigation Grant Program,
which have helped fund the development of emergency preparedness and response
plans for natural disasters and terrorism-related events

     Transportation Security Administration grants, which are available to state
and local governments to enhance airport security

     The Community Development Block Grant program, which provides local
governments funding for affordable housing, community development, and
homelessness programs

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            November 10, 2013 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The gadgets to fight rising energy prices;
As gas, electricity and water prices soar, Ali Hussain finds the best devices to
help reduce the amount we use at home

BYLINE: Ali Hussain

SECTION: MONEY;FEATURES; Pg. 4,5

LENGTH: 1876 words


WHEN Pinakin Patel and his wife Shilpa decided to extend their home, they did
not expect their energy bills to increase three-fold.

The couple added a bedroom and bathroom to their twobedroom house in Brighton at
the end of 2011. With fittings such as underfloor heating, their power costs
soared from £100 to £300 a month.

"I couldn't believe the increase," said Patel, a web designer. "I installed an
energy monitor and found my costs jumped when the underfloor heating kicked in."

This winter the couple are determined to cut their bills and beat the price
rises announced by suppliers.

They have invested in a series of energy-saving measures, using products from a
local supplier, Nigel's Eco Store. These include a timer for the underfloor
heating, insulation and energy-saving light bulbs.

The Patels are just one of the many families turning to an array of devices -
some of which are available free - to beat rising power prices. But not all are
worthwhile and in some cases it will be years before you recoup the initial
cost. The consumer group Which? found that households could waste £535 on 10 of
the most useless products. They include voltage optimisation devices, which cost
as much as £300 but may even raise your bills.

Which? found that measures such as insulation and radiator boosters offered
better savings.

"The simplest measures are normally the best," it said.

The Energy Saving Trust (EST) agrees, pointing out that measures such as chimney
balloons and secondary glazing cost less than £100 to install. "It does not cost
much to significantly improve the energy efficiency of your home," the advice
service said.

"Some of the most costeffective measures are less than £100 and you can recoup
savings within a year."

Water companies and power suppliers offer some energysaving measures free to
customers. You can obtain a list of water-saving measures from the Consumer
Council for Water (www.ccwater.org.uk).

Water companies are the latest to come under fire. Last week regulators blocked
a proposed 8% increase in bills in 2014 by Thames Water. Owen Patterson, the
environment secretary, also wrote to suppliers urging them not to follow energy
companies by raising prices.

SSE will become the first energy company to implement the latest round of
increases, with its rises due to take effect on November 15. British Gas, Npower
and Scottish Power have also announced increases.

However, higher bills mean energy-efficiency measures are more cost-effective.
Analysis for The Sunday Times by the EST show the cost of a typical £7,000 solar
panel system will be recouped within nine years - down from 13 years when the
same calculation was made a year ago.

We asked Which?, the EST and Good Housekeeping magazine to pick the 30 best
energysaving measures. Here are some of their top suggestions. The full list is
available online.

FREE Water meters About 45% of homes have water meters, with the bill dependent
on consumption, much like a gas or electricity bill.

If you do not have a meter, your bills are calculated based on the rateable
value of your property. This is the value of your home according to local
authority assessments, and does not take any account of your family size or
usage.

You can ask your supplier to install a meter, which is normally free in England
and Wales, unless big adjustments are needed to your pipes. In Scotland meters
must be paid for, and in Northern Ireland households do not pay separately for
their water.

You will not automatically save money with a meter, though. As a rough rule of
thumb, if there are more bedrooms in your property than people, a meter should
save you money.

The CCW suggests those who do use a meter cut their bills by about £100 a year.
You can ask for your supplier to stop metering your usage if you find you are
not making savings within a year of having one installed.

Energy monitors Most utilities offer free monitors that show how much energy is
being used at any one time. This is useful if you want to work out how much you
are paying for each individual device or room.

British Gas customers can apply for a free Energy Smart monitor that it claims
can save users £145 a year by making them more aware of electricity consumption.

Flush savings Fitting a dual-flush mechanism to a lavatory can save a
four-person household about £120 a year in metered sewerage and water bills,
according to the EST. You can save more money with a "hippo" bag. It is dropped
into the cistern and expands to take up some of the space. Each time the
lavatory is flushed it saves about one litre of water. Both items are free from
most water suppiers. Estimated annual saving is £17.

UNDER £100 Radiator boosters Improving your heating could save you hundreds of
pounds a year.

One of the most cost--effective measures is radiator boosters, according to
Which?. This is a tube that sits on top of a radiator and gently sucks up air
from the back using a fan, then projects it into the room, thereby preventing
heat being wasted. The cost is only about £25 and the annual savings are
estimated to be about £140.

You can also use an automatic radiator bleeder, which releases the built-up air
in a radiator to improve efficiency. Each unit costs about £10. Savings depend
on how efficient your radiators are, but a 10% improvement will cut your heating
bill by about £60 a year.

Another cheap option, which can be used alongside those above, is radiator
reflectors.

These foil-like panels fit behind the radiator to reflect back heat that would
otherwise be lost through the wall. The typical costs is about £6 for a roll
that provides enough for a typical three-bedroom semi.

Heating controls Installing individual thermostats allows you to control the
temperature of each room. Turning down a thermostat by just one degree could
save about £65 a year, according to the EST.

Thermostats can be bought for about £12.50, but there will also be the cost of
installation, unless you are able to do it yourself.

Insulation The EST says that insulating a hot-water tank with a 75mm jacket will
save about £45 a year. Jackets typically cost £15.

Insulating the main hotwater pipes running from the boiler will cost about £10
and save about £15 a year.

If you have an open fireplace that is not in use, a chimney balloon can be used
to block warm air escaping and cold air entering. This is simply an inflated bag
that blocks the gap. Prices start at about £22 and the savings could add up to
about £19 a year, according to the EST. Chop-Cloc This device, typically costing
£69.99, makes your central heating more efficient by turning it off for a short
time every hour, so you use less energy without noticing any loss of warmth.
Users cut heating bills by about 16%, according to the manufacturer, which is
equal to £96 on average.

UNDER £500 Draught-proofing The EST says draught-proofing windows and doors and
blocking cracks in skirting boards will cost up to £115, but could save you £55
a year - so the cost will be recouped in about two years.

Loft insulation, to cut heat being lost through the roof, is more expensive, at
about £250, but it will reduce your bills by about £150 a year.

In a typical home, 15% of the heat is lost through the floor. You can fill gaps
in floorboards with easy-to-use, flexible sealant. The cost would be about £75
for a typical home and the annual savings would add up to about £100.

Secondary glazing This is a low-cost way to get the same energy-saving effects
of double glazing.

A secondary pane of glass or plastic is fitted using a frame inside the existing
window.

This will not be as well sealed as a double-glazed unit, but it will be much
cheaper to fit, costing as little as £16 per window.

Fitting secondary glazing to six windows in a typical threebedroom home would
cost £96, but would produce annual savings of about £105.

OVER £500 Microgeneration Devices that allow households to generate electricity
can be expensive, but users are paid for each unit of electricity they produce
under the government's feed-in tariff. The EST said solar panels able to
generate up to 4kw of energy cost about £7,000 to buy and install. The return on
this investment, after this month's energy price rises, will be about £799 a
year, up from £560 last year. That return is made up of £556 for generating and
using solar electricity, £87 for exporting power to the grid, and £157 saved
from energy bills.

Air source heat pumps These absorb heat from the outside air - even at
temperatures as low as -15C - which is then used to heat radiators. Installation
costs are typically £6,000 to £10,000. Replacing a gas boiler system would save
about £110 a year, but ditching an electrical one could save £650.

Energy-efficient boilers Replacing an old gas boiler with a new condensing model
could trim an average of £310 a year from your bill, according to Which?. A new
boiler, with installation, costs about £2,500.

Loans for greener homes Financial assistance is available under the government's
Green Deal, which allows households to borrow up to £10,000 from a power
supplier to fund improvements to make a home more energy-efficient.

The repayments are added to your energy bill and, crucially, they should be less
than the savings you're making, so your overall costs should fall.

About 45 different improvements are eligible for the Green Deal, including
triple glazing, a new boiler and cavity-wall insulation. Wind turbines and solar
panels also qualify.

To qualify for a loan, you must ask your supplier to carry out a Green Deal
assessment, which will cost between £70 and £150. The loan is repaid over 25
years and it is linked to the property rather than the owner, so it passes to
the new occupier if you move.

However, although 85,177 applicants for Green Deal have been assessed since the
scheme launched in January, only 57 have had measures installed according to
figures from the Department of Energy going up to the end of September.

In January the government also announced a cashback scheme worth up to £1,000
for each household signing up to Green Deal.

Households that have undertaken a Green Deal assessment should apply for a grant
under the energy company obligation (ECO) before turning to a Green Deal loan.

Under ECO, grants are available for certain energy-efficiency measures if you
live in a "hard-to-treat home" such as a Victorian or Georgian terrace, or are a
low-income household receiving benefits.

All the big energy suppliers are obliged to offer ECO grants. You don't have to
be a customer of any of them to qualify.

The ECO scheme is funded by a green levy on energy bills, which utility
companies have blamed for causing prices to rise.

Consequently, the government is reviewing the green levies that fund ECO, and
may reduce them in the coming months. It may limit access to the scheme, so
households should apply for a grant as soon as possible.

If you are planning to install air or ground-source heat pumps or solar panels
to heat your water, then you can make savings under the renewable heat premium
payment (RHPP). Grants of up to £2,300 are available. You have to have a Green
Deal assessment to qualify for RHPP grants.

Households who receive tax credits or other benefits may qualify for a free
boiler or loft insulation. Contact the Energy Saving Trust.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The loans cover boilers
An extension with underfloor heating tripled the energy bills of Pinakin Patel
and his wife Shilpa, pictured with children Tanusha, 10, and Saran, 5
Ollie and Sarah Pendered, Barcombe, East Sussex, burn wood instead of oil to
save money. They have also installed energy saving light bulbs, draught-proofed
doors and insulated the roof. They are pictured with their children Stanley, 9,
and Rosie, 6 BEW CAWTHRA
ANDREW HASSON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            June 15, 2011 Wednesday

Government sits on funds, to lose aid

LENGTH: 478 words

DATELINE: BHUBANESWAR


BHUBANESWAR, June 15 -- The State is likely to lose the financial assistance
from the Thirteenth Finance Commission (TFC) for its failure to utilise funds
sanctioned for benchmarking basic urban services.

As basic services provided by urban local bodies (ULB) are well below the
desired level, the Ministry of Urban Development launched service level
benchmarking (SLB) initiatives in four areas of basic urban services - water
supply, sewerage, storm water drainage and solid waste management. The SLB
initiative was launched in February 2009 in 28 cities of 14 states including
Orissa on a pilot basis. With financial assistance from TFC, the Urban
Development Department started the initiative in Bhubaneswar and Berhampur.

In the first phase, the TFC had sanctioned Rs 4.22 crore for conducting
household survey to create a database on the number of households having regular
and irregular pipe water connection in the service areas of Bhubaneswar
Municipal Corporation and installation of meters to measure water input and
output.

The Public Health Engineering Department (PHED) was required to develop an
information system improvement plan (ISIP) taking into account the number of
households covered under pipe-water supply, per capita supply of water, extent
of metering of water connections, extent of non-revenue water, continuity of
water supply, quality of water supplied, cost recovery from water supplied,
efficiency in collection, and public grievance redressal mechanism.

The department invited tenders in February for installation of flow meters to
measure water input and output and set up meter calibration and testing system
on strategic locations of the city. Since there was a lone bidder, the
department cancelled the tender. After cancellation, the department is sitting
over the matter. As the Government failed to utilise the TFC fund in the last
fiscal, it is going to lose the second dose of assistance from the Centre,
official sources said.

Benchmarking of service provided is now well recognised as an important
mechanism for introducing accountability in service delivery. It involves
measuring and monitoring of service provider performance on a systematic and
continuous basis. Sustained benchmarking can help utilities to identify
performance gaps and introduce improvements through the sharing of information
and best practices, ultimately resulting in better services to people. However,
many officers in the department are trying to detail the reforms process for
obvious reasons, the sources said.

The SLB is one of the conditionality for allocation of performance based grants
to ULBs over a period of five years starting from 2010-11. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                           February 23, 2013 Saturday

Leaking sewage at Kirtland lagoon raises concerns, some residents worry response
is too slow

BYLINE: By Greg Yee The Daily Times

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 787 words


KIRTLAND   A festering lagoon in Kirtland threatens about 75 households in the
area and could end up leaking sewage into the San Juan River.

The lagoon "is less than 300 feet from the San Juan River, so it's not just a
local issue," said Mike Stark San Juan County's operations officer.

A lagoon flood would be a regional catastrophe, he said, because the San Juan
River feeds into the Colorado River system.

For some residents, however, the sewer problems hit closer to home. Running
water is a blessing and a curse. Daily chores can bring a foul surprise liquid
sewage bubbling up into their toilets and bathtubs.

A small puddle of grey, soapy water stood outside Jennifer McGregor's mobile
home in Kirtland. She stood outside dressed in a black hooded sweatshirt looking
at the water as it made rivulets in the hard-packed earth.

"It's a train wreck back there," she said. "My landlord has had to get us a
Porta-Potty. This is stressful."

The lagoon was built in 1957 to treat sewage from about 25 homes, but as more
homes were added to the system it was overwhelmed. The location and aging sewer
lines have added to the problems.

The fate of those households near County Road 6259 lies with the timing of a
multi-million-dollar plan to pump the sewage to Farmington.

The aging Kirtland Lagoon will be shut down by the New Mexico Environment
Department on May 20, 2014. In the mean time, county officials are working with
the state, residents and the Lower Valley Mutual Domestic Wastewater Association
representatives to try and find a solution.

"Our county commission has assisted with emergency pumping, repairs, electrical
upgrades," Stark said. "We're not in the utility business, but the (county)
commission has taken the approach that we're going to help as much as we legally
can."

In addition, the county worked on a Community Development Block Grant to assist
residents near the lagoon, he said.

The $41,000 grant allowed the county to develop a preliminary engineering report
for upgrading the sewer system.

"It takes time to put together a grant application," Stark said. "We're going
after funding, and it moves us one step closer. We want to have a cooperative
effort to have a permanent fix."

At a recent lagoon meeting board members were talking about a one or two year
wait before a pump station could be put in, McGregor said.

"We've had four different plumbers come by and they've all said that the lagoon
is too full," McGregor said. "They can't do anything about it because (the
lagoon) is packed full of sludge. This is getting so out of control. If we don't
pay the sewage bill, they shut off the water. It's ridiculous. We live from
paycheck to paycheck."

The sewage problem, it appears, has driven at least one resident out of the
neighborhood.

Larry McKay, who now lives in Farmington, said he was never able to live in the
Kirtland home he bought.

The foundation, the soil underneath and the groundwater have all been
contaminated by sewage, he said.

McKay went by his former property on Tuesday.

He pushed open the door revealing a dark, musty interior. The floor was torn up
revealing a broken, twisted, rusting sewer pipe and its fetid payload.

San Juan County condemned the home, McKay said, but not before he had installed
a new roof and sewer line.

"I had to live in my travel trailer," he said. "It isn't something that just
took place. The sewage is going somewhere. You buy something to live in ... this
is all shot."

Stark said he sympathizes with residents.

"I understand," he said. "If I lived down there, I could say this isn't moving
fast enough, that it's a daily struggle."

A solution could be on its way.

David Bishop, of the state environment department's Construction Programs
Bureau, confirmed that the county has been working with Wilson and Company,
based in Rio Rancho, to produce the preliminary engineering plan.

The plan calls for reconstructing a gravity sewer line system that will
discharge into a pump station to be built just north of the lagoon, he said.
That project will cost about $3.3 million.

The pump station will transport the sewage to a lift station further north in
Kirtland that will send the sewage to Farmington for treatment.

An alternate, phased plan approved by the environment department calls for
building a pump station for $1.8 million if insufficient funds are available for
the full sewer line renovation, Bishop said.

As officials and residents wait for a solution, however, there remains only one
point of clarity. The lagoon will be emptied and filled with dirt on May 20,
2014, and if no pumping plan is in place, those homes will have no place to
legally discharge their sewage.

Greg Yee may be reached atgyee@daily-times.com ; 564-4606. Follow him on Twitter
@GYeeDT

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jon Austria/The Daily Times The Kirtland lagoon on Tuesday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           WeekendPost (South Africa)

                                August 22, 2015

R50bn needed for adequate sewage disposal systems

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 114 words


IT will cost about R50-billion to address the backlog of households without an
adequate sewage disposal system, the Department of Water and Sanitation said
yesterday.
 Two grants - the rural household infrastructure grant and the bucket
eradication grant - will be used to tackle the countrywide problem. The
provinces with the highest backlogs are the Free State  Eastern Cape  Limpopo
KwaZulu-Natal and Northern Cape.
 The department said it would focus on households in formal areas using a bucket
toilet and aimed to replace these with waterborne sewerage by December this
year. It added that a plan for informal areas was being developed and would be
implemented in 2016/17. - RDM

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Weekend


                         Copyright 2015 AVUSA Media LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Awards Community Development Block Grant
for Waterline Extension Project in Mifflin County

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Department of Community and Economic Development Secretary C. Alan Walker today
announced the award of a $422,093 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) to
the Derry Township to extend water lines to the Derry/Decatur Township line in
Mifflin County.

"Ensuring the availability of clean water for health and sanitation needs is
essential to the well-being of Pennsylvania residents," said Sec. Walker. "This
grant will support these efforts by providing public water service and
eliminating sub-standard wells for the residents in Mifflin County.

The CDBG grant will provide funding for a waterline extension from Crossover
Drive to Derry/Decatur Township line, to eliminate sub-standard private water
wells.

Derry Township will extend water lines to 63 households to include the U.S.
Mobile Home Park. The extension will include 8,200 linear feet of main water
line and five fire hydrants that will connect to the Municipal Authority of the
Borough of Lewistown water system.

The Community Development Block Grant Entitlement Program is federally funded
and provides funding for the smaller communities and rural areas of the
commonwealth for community development including but not limited to housing
rehabilitation, public services, community facilities, infrastructure
improvement, development and planning.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                            October 28, 2008 Tuesday
                                   e2 Edition

municipal funds top-up

BYLINE: ENVIRONMENT WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 531 words


THE provincial government has given R180 million to municipalities in the
Western Cape to help pay for the urgently-needed upgrade of infrastructure,
particularly for water purification, stormwater management and the treatment of
sewage.

The City of Cape Town will get the largest chunk, R87m, and the rest will be
spread among municipalities throughout the province.

The move has been welcomed by the "greens" and the "browns" - those pushing for
action to address problems such as waste management and air and water pollution.

There have been increasing occurrences of sewage in rivers, because investment
in waste-water treatment infrastructure nationally has not kept pace with
population and urban growth.

Local Government, Environmental Affairs and Development Planning MEC Pierre Uys
said the R180m was part of the Municipal Infrastructure Grant from the national
Treasury to supplement municipal funding.

The total grant for the province was R520m for this financial year.

Of the city's R87m, R34.6m is to be spent on phase two of the Fisantekraal bulk-
water sewer, and R29.6m on improving facilities at the Athlone waste-water
treatment plant. A sludge dewatering facility is to be built at Athlone, as well
as a disinfection facility and odour-control facility. The city has allocated
R53.6m for the Athlone upgrade.

The upgrade at Athlone will benefit 25 460 households, from Maitland through
Rondebosch to Langa. The Fisantekraal upgrade will benefit 35 000 poor
households in the area. The city will contribute R45.6m.

Other projects include R1m to be spent on stormwater drainage in Beaufort West;
R7.5m on sewerage works in McGregor; R2.6m to upgrade the main sewer outfall in
Kayamnandi; R15.5m to upgrade the sewerage works in Swellendam, and R3.1m to
upgrade the sewerage works in Paternoster.

In Imizamo Yethu, R3m will be spent on the rehabilitation of Mandela Drive, and
R10.9m and R7m will go to improving sports complexes in Parkwood and Seawinds.

Jo Barnes, of the University of Stellenbosch's Medical School, who has been an
outspoken critic of the lack of investment in sewerage works and the resultant
pollution of rivers, said yesterday: "I'm delighted and the authorities are to
be congratulated. It's not a popular thing for politicians to vote money to
sewerage infrastructure, but the situation has become a crisis, with the health
of people threatened as well as our export fruit market, so they are having to
do something.

"Every rand spent on on upgrading sewerage infrastructure will be well spent."

Barnes has found high levels of pathogens in rivers used by some farmers to
irrigate their crops. This has raised concerns about the effect this may have on
fruit exports, particularly to the European Union.

Patrick Dowling, of the Wildlife and Environment Society of SA, said: "It's
definitely a move in the right direction. I hope it is the start of a trend for
local and provincial governments to sustain the development, which has already
happened, and also to ensure that when they approve new developments that these
do not put stress on already stressed systems.

"There will be a lot of support from the greens and the browns for this."

melanie.gosling@inl.co.za

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Irish Water to spend  51m on fixing leaks in households

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 498 words


It said readings taken from 413,000 water meters in the last three months of
2014 indicated that 46m litres of water are lost to 30,000 suspected leaks every
day   enough to meet Limerick City s daily water demand.

Jerry Grant, head of asset management at Irish Water, said that if the number of
detected leaks rises on a pro rata basis, Irish Water will discover between
60,000 and 70,000 leaks by the time all its meters have been installed.

The water meters include a leak alarm indicator which continuously monitors the
amount of water used at night and issues a warning if night-time usage does not
drop below a certain threshold.

Irish Water has an agreement with the regulator to spend  51m to fix at least
25,000 leaks and provide a once-off free repair for any leaks discovered between
the external wall of the household and the stopcock outside the premises.

Mr Grant said Irish Water believes 60% of leaks occur in the home, and these
will not be fixed by the utility. Irish Water will write to those believed to
have a leak.

Yesterday it emerged that homeowners who sign up for charges will get their
grant   a  100 annual discount for bills   paid directly into their bank
accounts.

Proposals to Cabinet yesterday on the so-called  conservation grant  mean that
customers will have to register a second time with authorities before receiving
it. Customers must sign up with Irish Water by the end of June for charges.

But a second registration with the Department of Social Protection in August
will be necessary to get the grant in September.

A dedicated website and call centre is being set up by the department to help
people in matching their Irish Water identification number with their grant
claim.

Meanwhile, Fianna Fáil claimed revelations that local authorities have provided
over 100,000 of their tenants  information is  just the tip of the iceberg  and
said that the Department of Social Protection, Revenue Commissioners, the
Private Residential Tenancy Board, and other groups are legally required to
furnish the authority with details.

Seán Fleming, the party s public expenditure and reform spokesperson, was
speaking about an amendment the party wants to put in place that would remove
the legal obligation on prescribed bodies, such as councils, to pass information
on to Irish Water.

It is not the function of local authorities to assist semi-state companies to
deal with their customers,  Mr Fleming said.  The reason this is happening is
because Government has rushed this.

We are here now and the first bills are about to be issued. Irish Water
confirmed this, bills will be going out in respect of 500,000 meters that were
installed before January 1. Those meters will get accurate bills, but in that
group two-thirds of those have actually registered.

So only about 20% of the people of Ireland, about 300,000 houses or so, will get
a correct bill. It has been a shambles, and I don t support the way Irish Water
are going about this.

Read more of today s news here

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              641 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 11, 2014 Friday

USPTO grants trade mark "TOWARD CLEAN WATER..." to FUJI CLEAN KOGYO
KABUSHIKIKAISHA (JAPAN)

LENGTH: 81  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


FUJI CLEAN KOGYO KABUSHIKIKAISHA (JAPAN), has been granted trademark (4561956)
titled as "TOWARD CLEAN WATER..." from the United States Patent and Trademark
Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 011. US 013 021 023 031 034. G & S: Waste water treatment tanks;
septic tanks; waste water purification apparatus and installations; purification
installations for sewage; water purifying apparatus; waste water treatment tanks
for household purposes; septic tanks for household purposes

Filing

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 11, 2014 Friday

USPTO grants trade mark "TOWARD CLEAN WATER..." to FUJI CLEAN KOGYO
KABUSHIKIKAISHA (JAPAN)

LENGTH: 81  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


FUJI CLEAN KOGYO KABUSHIKIKAISHA (JAPAN), has been granted trademark (4561956)
titled as "TOWARD CLEAN WATER..." from the United States Patent and Trademark
Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 011. US 013 021 023 031 034. G & S: Waste water treatment tanks;
septic tanks; waste water purification apparatus and installations; purification
installations for sewage; water purifying apparatus; waste water treatment tanks
for household purposes; septic tanks for household purposes

Filing

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              643 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                                  May 27, 2015

World Bank Approves U.S $130 Million Loan

BYLINE: Maimbolwa Mulikelela

LENGTH: 508 words


THE World Bank Group has approved a loan worth US$130 million for the
implementation of the Girls' Education, Women's Empowerment and Lusaka
sanitation projects.

World Bank Country Director for Zambia Kundhavi Kadiresan said the Board of
executive directors approved a loan of $65 million for the implementation of the
Girls' Education and Women's Empowerment and Livelihood project.

The project is designed to support the Zambian Government access to livelihood
support for women and access to secondary education for disadvantaged adolescent
girls.

About 75,000 women and 14,000 adolescent girls would benefit from the project.

The main beneficiaries of the project would be about 75,000 women aged 19 to 64
years old who are fit for work, and about 14,000 adolescent girls aged 14 to 18
years old living in extremely poor households in rural areas.

"Through this support, the World Bank is keen to see more adolescent girls
completing their secondary education and more rural women engaging in
economically productive activities as these are critical steps to reducing rural
poverty in Zambia," Dr Kadiresan said.

In a statement issued from Washington DC, the bank said the project had two
components targeting the main beneficiaries, while simultaneously building
capacity of departments in the ministries of Education, and Community
Development, Mother and Child Health to implement the project.

The first component totalling $36 million would support women's livelihoods with
a package of activities including access to grants to improve productivity and
create savings and loan clubs,?training, mentoring and peer support.

Community Development, Mother and Child Health Minister Emerine Kabanshi said
the beneficiary women had different needs and the funds would help improve their
livelihood.

"The beneficiary women have varying needs so the provision of grants rather than
pre-determined goods will give them the flexibility to decide how to allocate
these resources according to their unique circumstances, which may encourage
more productive investments," Ms Kabanshi said.

The bank also approved a loan of $65 million for the implementation of the
Lusaka Sanitation project.

The World Bank would support sewerage collection, on-site sanitation,?and
institutional boost of the Lusaka Water and Sewerage Company (LWSC) which will
implement the project.

The World Bank would support Zambia with innovative sanitation technologies to
benefit poor household in Lusaka.

The project would use $38 million for sewerage improvements, specifically to
upgrade and expand sewerage systems in the Ngwerere and Manchinchi sewersheds.

Sewer networks will be expanded in Emmasdale, Chaisa, Chawama, Kuomboka and
Garden neighbourhoods and Kafue Road.

The project would also spend $14 million on on-site sanitation facilities,
faecal sludge management infrastructure and service providers, construction of
decentralised waste water management systems, and sanitation and hygiene
promotion.

About 180,000 people are expected to benefit from on-site sanitation facilities.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 15, 2011 Tuesday

Spencerville nets grant for new water plant

BYLINE: Heather Rutz, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 318 words


Nov. 15--SPENCERVILLE -- The village will receive a $600,000 federal grant
toward the construction of a planned $3.1 million new water treatment facility.

The project will benefit 850 households. The tentative timeline would see bids
for the project go out in January; the plant would be built by the end of the
year, Village Council President P.J. Johnson said.

The grant is the first funding the plant has received. The rest of construction
will be financed with a government-backed zero percent, 30-year loan. Customers
will see rate increases, estimated to be the same as about a bag of water
softener salt a month, Johnson said.

The village is using a method of construction new to the area, containerized
construction. The method is similar to modular home work, with large pieces of
the plant constructed offsite, shipped and then assembled at the village. The
new plant is to be built next to the old plant on North Broadway Street. The
construction method is a significant cost savings that will be passed on to
water customers, Johnson said.

The grant is from the federal Water and Sanitary Sewer Program, administered by
the Ohio Department of Development's Office of Community Development. The
program helps local governments maintain, improve, and expand water and sanitary
sewer systems. Communities with documented health and safety concerns receive
priority for funding.

In 2006, the village had finished two large pieces of an overall plan to improve
its water treatment and delivery systems; the village then upgraded its water
lines and built a new water tower on the south side of town. Those two projects
improved water storage capacity (the new tower holds four times the old one) and
also water flow and pressure.

You can comment on this story at www.limaohio.com.

___ (c)2011 The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) Visit The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) at
www.limaohio.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111115-LM-Spencerville-nets-grant-for-new-water-plant-1115-20111115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2011 The Lima News


                              645 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             July 16, 2015 Thursday

Water fee refusers will still get EUR 100 grant, says Martin

BYLINE: Michael O'Regan

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 391 words


People refusing to pay domestic water charges will still get EUR 100

from the State, Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin has said.

"Why would one pay the water charge if one gets the EUR 100 in any event?" he
asked. "Those who have paid must be looking askance at the situation."

Mr Martin and Sinn Féin deputy leader Mary Lou McDonald questioned Taoiseach
Enda Kenny on the revelation that Irish Water collected less than half the
revenue from the charges in the first three months of billing.

Mr Martin said the figures revealed the policy had failed.

"After 14 U-turns on this entire saga, it is time to call a halt and to abolish
the charges and this whole operation and edifice,'' he said.

"It is a moment of high farce that the Government has now landed us and it is
time to go back to the drawing board and start afresh.''

Households

Mr Kenny said he very much thanked the 675,000 households who had paid the
charges. "Deputy Martin is still taking the same line as he always did, namely,
to leave things as they were within an official system, both for water and
wastewater,'' he said.

"The very fact that Irish Water has been set up . . . allows for the entity to
be able to borrow and to invest to fix all the problems that exist and to
provide a proper water system for this country for the next 20 to 50 years.''

Expected revenue

 Mr Kenny said he hoped and expected more people would continue to pay the
charges. He said they were very modest and were for a very good cause for all
Irish people and the country for the coming years.

Irish Water, he added, had now received 46 per cent of expected revenue, from
675,000 households representing two million people.

They were very fair and the Government had been quite clear water would not be
cut off and people would not be sent to jail, he said.

Ms McDonald predicted the Taoiseach would be "sorely disappointed" if it was
sincerely his hope more people would pay. "You have comprehensively failed to
win the support of the people for the introduction of this charge," she said.

"What you have left them with is a quango of enormous proportions, controversies
around consultancy fees and so on . . . "

Ms McDonald said this had been done against a background of endless austerity.

"The Taoiseach and his cronies in government have stuck their hands in the
pockets of working people," she said.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                              May 12, 2008 Monday
                        1 - First with the news Edition

Incentives will make it easier to be green

BYLINE: Renee Viellaris

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 772  words


HOUSEHOLDS and business will receive a windfall in rebates, grants and
low-interest loans if they become greener after tomorrow's Budget.

The tab for climate change initiatives is expected to hit $2 billion with
Treasurer Wayne Swan yesterday signalling a key plank of his first Budget was
dedicated to the environment.

However, many may miss out on the incentives because money has only been set
aside for several hundred thousand households and businesses.

It comes as Mr Swan is expected to unveil a $20 million Clean Energy Enterprise
Connect Centre and a $15 million Clean Energy Export Strategy to help businesses
capitalise on a new industry.

The Government said the strategy would allow Australia to become the ``clean
energy hub'' of the Asia-Pacific.

Under the strategy, Austrade will promote clean-energy exports and liaison
officers.

The new centre will help small and medium firms use latest research and
technology to improve products.

Households and business will be eligible for immediate relief.

Low-interest loans of up to $10,000 per property for water and energy-efficient
products will also be available to 200,000 existing homes and rebates of up to
$1000 will be offered to entice 225,000 homes to install solar and heat-pump
hot-water systems.

Continued P5

From P4

The landlords of 300,000 rental homes will receive a rebate of up to $500 per
property to install insulation.

The Government said the $150 million low emission plan for renters would help
reduce energy bills up to $336 a year.

It said installing more insulation would cut 2.4 tonnes of greenhouse gases
every year and would reduce the need for new energy infrastructure, saving
governments $250 million.

Businesses that retrofit existing buildings to reduce their carbon footprint
will be subsidised 50 per cent of the cost, up to $200,000.

And grants of up to $500,000 will be available to small and medium manufacturers
to become more environmentally friendly.

Mr Swan told Channel 9's Sunday program that climate change policies were
dominant in this Budget.

``Our whole Budget is central to delivering our election commitments, and
nothing was more central to the election campaign than climate change,'' Mr Swan
said.

``So this Budget will deliver on all of those commitments in climate change that
we gave during the last election campaign.''

WHAT HOUSEHOLDS GET

* Low-interest green loans of up to $10,000 for water and energy efficiency will
be offered to 200,000 existing homes.

* Rebates of up to $1000 will be offered to up to 225,000 homes to install solar
and heat-pump hot-water systems.

* Rebates of up to $500 will be on the table for up to 500,000 homes to install
new piping for greywater or rainwater tanks.

* Rebates of up to $8000 for the installation of rooftop solar power panels

* Landlords of up to 300,000 homes will receive a rebate of up to $500 to
install insulation.

WHAT BUSINESSES GET

* Subsidies for businesses that retrofit existing buildings to help reduce their
carbon footprint.

* Grants of $10,000 to $500,000 for small and medium manufacturers to become
more environmentally friendly.

* A $100m national manufacturing network will provide small to medium businesses
with expert advice on how to improve their energy and water efficiency.

* $150m will be spent on an energy innovation fund to keep scientists and
researchers in Australia.

* $15m for a Clean Energy Export Strategy to help Austrade promote and compete
for clean-energy exports.

* $20m for a Clean Energy Enterprise Connect Centre to research and improve
products.

What we know so far

* Means testing for Family Tax Benefit Part B, probably at the level of $150,000
for the main breadwinner.

* A 50 per cent childcare tax rebate -- an extra $71 for an average family, with
two very young children and a mother working two days a week.

* Government will raise the threshold for the Medicare Levy Surcharge for
families from $100,000 to $150,000 and from $50,000 to $100,000 for singles.

* A new means test for the Baby Bonus will be introduced so high-income earners
will miss out on the $4258 payment.

* Tax on expensive cars -- proposed increase from 25 per cent to 33 per cent on
the GST-exclusive value of cars exceeding $57,123.

* A new multibillion-dollar fund to pump money into national road projects with
a particular emphasis on Queensland.

* $700 tuition vouchers for struggling students and summer school for teachers
will be axed.

* Aged-care funding will be rearranged.

* $100 million for supported accommodation for the disabled.

* A debit card that quarantines half a person's welfare for essentials such as
food and clothing.

* Hundreds of grant schemes to be be axed.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             April 11, 2011 Monday

Indonesia: Second Water and Sanitation for Low Income Communities Project

LENGTH: 994  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, April 11 -- In the 10 years to 2010, a World Bank project helped
Indonesian communities to create the technical capacity to plan, manage and
sustain improved water programs, sanitation, and community health services. It
improved hygiene, health behavior, and community management of health services
related to water-borne diseases, and provided safe options for waste disposal
and clean water supply. Thanks to this project, Indonesia is now providing
improved access to sanitation services in 2,294 villages across 37 districts in
eight provinces and reaching over 5 million beneficiaries. The project also
provided technical assistance to educate local communities about the importance
of managing their own water and sanitation in a sustainable way.

Challenge

As a growing middle-income country, Indonesia needed to substantially increase
access to sanitation services. On a yearly basis, Indonesia lost approximately
US$6.3 billion due to poor sanitation, including health care costs, lost
productivity, premature deaths, water resource and fishery losses, declining
land values and tourism losses. By improving sanitation in Indonesia, it could
potentially contribute an estimated US$4.5 billion toward overall economic
growth. The key challenge for Indonesia was for local governments to undertake
important reforms, including improved governance, to implement sector programs.

Approach

Using a participatory approach, the Bank project worked with communities,
schools and health centers to improve hygiene, health behavior, and community
management of health services related to water-borne diseases. It was also aimed
at providing safe options for waste disposal as needed by communities.

It worked with local communities to manage contracts with local firms,
non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and academic institutions. By doing so,
local communities could set up and run their own clean water supplies and
sanitation facilities. Besides providing block grants, technical assistance was
given to make sure that local communities could manage their own water and
sanitation in a sustainable way. In addition, hygiene and sanitation was
promoted through education and public information materials.

Results

By the time of the project's completion in 2010, it had:

* Assisted 2,291 villages with access to clean water, exceeding the appraisal
target by 15%. The percentage increase of poor households with improved water
supply and sanitation also exceeded the appraisal estimate.

* Assisted communities to organize and to obtain the technical capacity to plan,
manage, and sustain water programs, sanitation and community health through
service contracts with local firms, NGOs and academic institutions.
Participatory methods at the community level were linked with hygiene and
sanitation promotion. In addition, these methods also developed and produced
information and education materials as well as public information activities.

* Improved hygiene, health behavior and community management of health services
related to water-borne diseases through service contracts as well as to provide
safe options for waste disposal as needed by the communities. Sub-components
included a school health and hygiene program and a community health program.

* Provided clean water to the communities, through technical assistance service
contracts to identify technology options and adequate levels of service.
Furthermore, service contracts selected and planned the construction of health
infrastructure according to the communities' needs. Financial and technical
assistance supported the construction of infrastructure and its operation and
maintenance.

Beneficiaries

This program expands the reach of the first Water Supply and Sanitation program
for Low Income Communities. Beneficiaries have gained access to more convenient,
higher quality, and more accessible water supply and improved community
sanitation services.

The program also aimed to protect health services that are essential for the
poor and public at large, while initiating key sector reforms and ensuring
health sector financing. A second objective was to help the Ministry of Health
carry out its new role in a decentralized system that encompassed the analysis
of key issues, the advocacy of best practices and standards, and support for
local initiative and innovation.

Bank Contribution

Reaching more than 2,000 villages across 37 districts in eight provinces over
the ten years to 2010, the project was backed by a credit of US$77.4 million
from the International Development Association (IDA), a grant of US$6.5 million
from Australia's AusAID, and funding from local beneficiaries of US$10.6
million. In response to public health concerns, the project aimed to improve
health status, productivity, and quality of life in under-served rural villages
in Indonesia through better provision of water and sanitation services.

Partners

The Project built on 10 years of Bank financial and technical experience in
integrated water, sanitation and health programs in Indonesia implemented in six
provinces through consultation with the Ministry of Health. The project
supported demand-based improvements to water supply and to household and
community sanitation and hygiene, with funds being channeled through block
grants directly to the village level with separate budgets for district-level
technical support.

Toward the Future

In supporting Indonesia to further strengthen the health system as a whole, the
Bank focuses on the achievement of those Millennium Development Goals that will
be most difficult for Indonesia to meet. The Bank will be continuously working
with the Government to strengthen the health system as a whole, focusing on
health financing, the health work-force and service delivery. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            January 16, 2017 Monday

Ever more bizarre;
Irish Water

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 342 words


The latest advice from the Commission for Energy Regulation that Irish Water
should halt its EUR 500 million metering programme is another bizarre twist in
what has become one of the most tortuous political sagas in recent decades.

So far, 58 per cent of households have been provided with meters. As for the
remaining 42 per cent, the CER has suggested that these households should be
given a tax rebate for installing meters, provided that they use less water than
the average, and there might also be a grants scheme to encourage people to
invest in water-saving measures. Taking an each-way bet, however, it has also
proposed that the installation of meters in newly-built homes should be
mandatory.

Last November, the expert commission on the future funding of water
infrastructure said households should be charged for profligate waste of water,
consistent with the "polluter pays principle" - although, inexplicably, it put
forward no mechanism for implementing this proposal. In the absence of universal
domestic water metering, it is hard to see how households using grossly
excessive volumes of water can be charged for their waste.

And now we're told by Irish Water that it will require an additional EUR 239
million from the Government this year, describing it as "replacement revenue in
lieu of previous domestic billable income", lost as a result of the decision to
suspend water charging.

The ill-fated State utility has already told the special Oireachtas committee on
future water funding that EUR 13 billion needs to be invested in water services,
and the crunch issue is where this money is going to be found. The committee
must also take into account the trenchant view of the European Commission last
May that Ireland does not enjoy an exemption from the obligation under the EU's
overarching water framework directive for a system of charges, and would face
legal action in the European Court of Justice if it fails to implement such a
regime. With the risk of daily fines for noncompliance, we ignore this bigger
picture at our peril.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             May 17, 2007 Thursday
                           Williamson County Edition

Cities to get help providing services

BYLINE: Lisa Ogle AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: WILLIAMSON COUNTY; Pg. 01

LENGTH: 728 words


As growing Williamson County cities focus on luring the shops and restaurants
that residents demand, most still struggle to meet basic needs, including sewer
service, flood control and affordable housing.

Many of those cities will get help from the federal government. Commissioners
gave initial approval last week to recommendations on how to spend $1.1 million
in federal money to provide such services. The federal Community Development
Block Grant Program targets affordable housing, services and jobs for residents
with low to moderate incomes.

The recommendations, made by county staff members, must still receive final
county and federal approval.

The county received about $40,000 more than it did last year, but requests rose
almost 70 percent, to $5.4 million. That includes proposals from two new
participating cities, Thrall and Granger. Thrall will receive $128,000 to help
relocate its water line as the county expands U.S. 79. Granger's proposed
community service and senior center will not receive assistance.

Some cities get grant money through other means, which disqualifies them from
the county's share of the federal money. Round Rock and Austin have their own
programs that get federal money, and other cities may receive money from the
state, county grants coordinator Sally Bardwell said.

Most of this year's county awards will address infrastructure needs, including
sewer systems and drainage improvements, which commissioners identified as the
top priority in their 2004 master plan, Bardwell said. That plan includes
financing some projects in phases.

The county's Mobile Outreach Team is the only social service project on the
proposed list. The team helps 911 callers who have suicidal, homicidal or other
psychiatric issues, team director Annie Burwell said. The team will receive
$79,194 to pay for two additional mental health specialists.

"We're thrilled and grateful," Burwell said. "It allows us to serve a lot of
people that we would not be able to serve."

logle@statesman.com; 246-1150

(BOX)

Other proposed projects

These proposals will be in a final recommendation to the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development in August:

Georgetown drainage and street improvements

Award: $250,000

Details: This is the second installment for curb and gutter improvements to
portions of Leander and 22nd streets. The proposal directly affects a 20-house
Habitat for Humanity development and a 100-unit affordable housing apartment
complex, both of which are under construction, Georgetown officials said.

Sierra Ridge affordable housing development

Award: $150,000

Details: The Georgetown Housing Authority, which manages federally financed
housing programs and operates independently from the city, would receive a
second installment for sewer and water infrastructure for a $15 million-plus
planned project that would include mixed-income housing and some commercial
units. 'We can always use more, but I think it was a good show of commitment by
the county for affordable housing,' said Naomi Walker, the authority's executive
director.

Jarrell sewer system

Award: $146,181

Details: This is the fourth and final installment of money for Jarrell's $8.5
million wastewater project and would pay for sewer connections to seven low- to
moderate-income households. The project could be functional in 12 to 16 months,
Jarrell Mayor Wayne Cavalier said. The city has secured financing for the rest
of the project, he said.

Cedar Park flood control plan

Award: $131,600

Details: The city will acquire land in the Ranchettes subdivision off U.S. 183
for drainage easements that would divert water from homes that flood often.

Liberty Hill sewer system

Award: $125,805

Details: This is the fourth installment of money for Liberty Hill's estimated $6
million wastewater project and would pay for sewer connections to about 15
low-income households. The project could begin operating early next year,
Liberty Hill officials said. It was unclear last week whether the city would try
to apply for the grant again next year.

Taylor drainage improvements

Award: $100,000

Details: This is the third installment of money for Taylor's plan to alleviate
street flooding in the Dickey Street area. The project probably will receive
county help for a couple more years, county grants coordinator Sally Bardwell
said.

Source: Williamson County's Community Development Block Grant office

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           December 5, 2012 Wednesday

Fouled water strains Butler County residents

BYLINE: by TIMOTHY PUKO,To donate

LENGTH: 549 words


Janet McIntyre is sick of drinking water from plastic bottles.

She's among a growing number of neighboring families in Butler County using
donated bottled water, claiming their tap water sickened them, stinks and stains
what it touches. Federal, state and industry testing ruled unfounded the
neighbors' claims that gas drilling polluted water wells.

"It's rough. I wake up and think about water all day long. Water, water, water,"
McIntyre, 53, said as she sat across from about a dozen boxes of bottled water
in her living room in the Woodlands neighborhood. "We can't live like this. It's
a temporary solution to a long-term problem."

A church-supported charity, Water for Woodlands, spends about $400 a week to
provide residents with drinking water. Recipients doubled to 25 families since
the charity began about nine months ago, said McIntyre, who coordinates the
program.

Government officials are working on a plan to bring municipal water to the
neighborhood but said it's at least a year away and there are hurdles to clear.

Residents' wells started becoming fouled early in 2011.

Activist group Marcellus Outreach Butler will hold a fundraising lasagna dinner
on Saturday. More than 100 people signed up at $15 a plate, said Diane Sipe, an
organizer. The group helps support Water for Woodlands, which 10 churches
sponsor. A family of four can use about 25 gallons of drinking water a week.

It costs about $1 per gallon, said the Rev. Lee Dreyer of White Oak Springs
Presbyterian Church. "We can go, I hope, as long as we have to. But for their
sake, we hope we don't have to."

Wells for more than 50 households have had some kind of problem, such as black,
sulfide-smelling water, red water that looks like acid mine drainage, or
elevated salts and pH problems, said John Stolz, a biological sciences professor
at Duquesne University. His research team reached about 160 of 268 households,
he said.

"I think it's horrible," Dreyer said about their situation. "They are learning
to be very thrifty with their use of the water. Every drop is precious to them."

Township, county and state officials talked with Pennsylvania American Water Co.
about laying a water line to the neighborhood. Rex Energy Corp. paid to build a
line nearby to supply its shale drilling operations, and that line could be
connected to the neighborhood for drinking water when the company finishes next
fall, water company spokesman Gary Lobaugh said.

State grant money could cover the $800,000 cost of that extension, but only if
Woodlands residents or the township take it the rest of the way, officials said.
County, state and water company officials are waiting to hear from township
supervisors whether residents would commit to using a new tap, paying for
distribution lines to homes or at least providing rights of way for the township
to do that, they said. Residents worry about the expense, McIntyre said.

"I feel the chances would be great if they apply" for grant money, said Rep.
Brian Ellis, R-Butler County. "... What's going to be inherent upon the
residents of Woodlands is their willingness to participate."

Timothy Puko is a staff writer for Trib Total Media.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           November 7, 2012 Wednesday

Households to face leaking water pipe charges

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 506 words


The new Bord Gáis subsidiary - responsible for overseeing the introduction of a
national water metering scheme - said it was impossible to know the extent of
the problem until meters are installed.

The potential bill of several thousand euro which customers could face to repair
leaking pipes is likely to lead to pressure on the Government to introduce some
form of grant scheme to assist affected households.

It is estimated that the current national leakage rate is 41%, although Irish
Water said it would have no idea what level of leakage occurred in pipes near
homes until water meters are installed.

However, it plans to introduce a system which could alert households consuming
excessive levels to the possibility they are suffering leaks.

Irish Water acknowledged its target of lowering the national leakage rate to 20%
could take 15 years or more to achieve because of the antiquated nature of much
of the country's 25,000km network of water mains.

The Government has indicated households will face a flat rate charge for water
from 2014 as just 15% of homes will be metered by that date.

However, Irish Water expects its water billing system will be ready for rollout
from Jan 2014.

The Commission for Energy Regulation, which will set domestic water charges, is
to hold extensive public consultation on the issue next year. It will also
determine free allowance levels and whether landlords or tenants should be
responsible for paying a water bill.

Addressing the Oireachtas environment committee yesterday, Bord Gáis CEO John
Mullins indicated domestic customers will not have their water supply
disconnected for the non- payment of bills. He also stressed householders will
not face any up-front cost for the installation of meters, while billing will
not commence before 2014.

He predicted domestic water consumption would fall by 10% following the
introduction of metering.

A  450m programme for the installation of meters to 1.05m residences will begin
shortly, although it is unlikely to be fully completed before late 2016 at the
earliest.

It is anticipated that many households, including apartments, which cannot be
metered, will be billed based on assessed usage rates from 2014 onwards.

Mr Mullins told the committee there was no strong evidence to support claims
that up to 500,000 households will not be suitable for water meters.

Up to 2,000 temporary jobs will be created by the appointment of a panel of 200
local contractors to be hired by Irish Water to install meters and boundary
boxes over the next two- and-a-half years.

About 400 permanent jobs will also be created at an Irish Water customer care
centre with 100 of these due to be in place by May 2013. Some 4,000 local
authority staff working in the provision of water service will remain council
staff, but will operate under service legal agreements with Irish Water up to
2017 and beyond.

Committee chairman, Michael McCarthy said it was "a large ask" to charge
citizens for water for the first time and Irish Water must ensure the service is
"second to none".

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            March 29, 2007 Thursday

USDA offers home repair loan and grant program

BYLINE: Reformer.com

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 268 words


BRATTLEBORO -- USDA Rural Development offers 1 percent loans for up to 20 years
to help very low income home owners upgrade or replace heating systems, make
essential improvements such as weatherization, replacement of roofs,
foundations, or other structural or system upgrades such as water, electrical,
or sewage.

Loan amounts can be up to $20,000. The agency does not require a mortgage for
any loans of $7,500 or less. In the last year, the average loan by the agency
was approximately $5,000 which requires a monthly payment of only $23 per month.

One condition of the program is that homeowners must have title to real estate
or have a long term leasehold interest in the property that could be mortgaged
to USDA.

Household income eligibility is based on size of the household and county
location. For a two person household in Windham County, the income eligibility
range is up to $24,100. For a two person household in Windsor County, the income
eligibility range is up to $25,050.

Rural Development can also offer grants up to $7,500 for elderly residents if
one applicant is 62 years of age or older. In all cases, the agency determines
if applicants can afford a 1 percent loan or other affordable credit that may be
available to them before approval.

There may be a waiting period for the grant program, however, funds for the 1
percent loan program are generally available without delay.

For more information on income eligibility and field staff that can assist you,
visit www.rurdev.usda.gov/vt or call Deborah Boyd, rural development specialist,
in the Brattleboro Office at 802-257-7878, ext. 102.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 8, 2013 Thursday

New York: Governor Cuomo Recognizes 20 Years of The NYS Environmental Protection
Fund

LENGTH: 1624  words

DATELINE: Albany


Department of Agriculture & Markets, The State of New York has issued the
following news release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo recognized the 20th anniversary of the New York State
Environmental Protection Fund (EPF) earlier this week. The EPF offers wide
ranging benefits to communities around the state and plays an important role in
preserving the state's natural resources and habitats. After years of severe
funding cuts, the Governor secured and increased funding for the EPF for fiscal
year 2013-2014 by $19 million, bringing the Fund to a total of $153 million.

"Twenty years ago, a vision to protect our State's environmental heritage and
resources became a reality with the creation of the Environmental Protection
Fund, and today we continue to advance those important goals," Governor Cuomo
said. "Smart EPF investments in communities across the state are protecting New
York's air, land, water and natural resources, helping to expand recreation
opportunities that attract tens of millions of visitors each year and promote
economic development. As we reflect on what has been accomplished by the EPF, we
also look forward to continuing New York's proud environmental legacy."

Over the past 20 years, the EPF has provided more than $2.7 billion for a
variety of environmental projects, including:

Open Space Protection/Expansion of State Parks
EPF funds have protected more than 618,000 acres of open space, including
479,000 acres of valuable working forest lands. In addition, more than 72,000
acres of productive farmland have been preserved, keeping these lands in private
ownership and permanently available for farming.

Also under the EPF, nine new State Parks were created and 32,000 acres were
added to New York's parks system, providing unique and diverse recreation
opportunities, including many in close proximity to urban areas. Further, $217
million in EPF funds have supported 1,300 projects for municipal parks, historic
preservation and heritage areas.

In 2012 alone, New York conserved and protected nearly 39,000 acres in fee and
conservation easements. Projects included the first phase of the acquisition of
Finch Pruyn lands in the Adirondacks, the addition of 76 acres to the Zoar
Valley Multiple Use Area, one of the most scenic and ecologically diverse areas
in Western New York, and additions to the Harlem Valley Rail Trail in Dutchess
County.

Community Partnerships to Revitalize Waterfronts
New York has also rediscovered and opened up underutilized waterfront areas
through the EPF's Local Waterfront Revitalization Program (LWRP), which connects
communities with their waterfronts, boosts local economies and improves the
quality of life in more than 330 communities across the state. These state-local
partnership projects have converted industrial lands into accessible parks and
created trails, kayak/canoe launches, environmental education centers, and
waterfront greenways that are easily accessible to people in densely-populated
urban areas.

In 2011 and 2012, the City of Troy, Rensselaer County, received grants totaling
more than $1.5 million to create additional access points and pedestrian
linkages between the Hudson River waterfront and the city's downtown Restaurant
District. The project supports the city's Riverfront Park Master Plan and
enhances pedestrian connections to the waterfront.

Stewardship of Millions of Acres of Land
The EPF also supports the stewardship of public lands, including state parks and
millions of acres of public lands throughout the state. Through partnerships
with volunteer organizations, state agencies use stewardship funding to manage
trails and lands, protect natural resources, preserve wildlife habitats, make
critical capital improvements at parks and campgrounds and provide access to
persons with disabilities.

The EPF has provided funding to a variety of important organizations and
programs, including the Albany Pine Bush Commission, the Central Pine Barrens
Joint Planning and Policy Commission, the Hudson River Estuary Program and the
New York State Conservation Partnership Program, a grassroots public-private
partnership between the State Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) and
the Land Trust Alliance to promote local conservation across New York.

An example of an important stewardship investment is a five-year contract with
the Adirondack Mountain Club to help build new trails in the Jay Mountain
Wilderness in the Adirondack Park. The contract also aids with the repair of
storm damage on trails in the Adirondack High Peaks and Elm Ridge Mountain Bike
Trail in the Catskills, ensuring public access to these lands.

Waste Management and Recycling of Materials
The EPF has provided critical assistance for municipal waste reduction and
recycling, landfill closures, pollution prevention and the collection of
household hazardous waste.

Additionally, Empire State Development's Environmental Investment Program (IEP)
provides investments for businesses to identify and implement sustainable
environmental management. Under the IEP, $61 million has been awarded for 400
projects, which has leveraged an additional $191 million in investments.

Under the EPF, New York has invested $87 million for waste prevention and
recycling by local governments, $120 million for agricultural pollution
prevention and conservation projects, $86 million to assist with the closing of
more than 260 municipal landfills, and $25 million for pesticide monitoring and
prevention. The Fund has also provided nearly 640 grants to 85 municipalities
for household hazardous waste collection, which has led to the collection and
proper disposal of more than 130 million pounds of household hazardous waste.

Just earlier this year, a $2 million State Assistance Grant was provided to
Westchester County to assist the County with the purchase and installation of a
state-of-the-art optical sorting system to increase the percentage of plastics
removed from the waste stream. The county also received $1,236,552 in grants for
its household waste collection program over the last three years.

Water Quality Improvements
The EPF also provides grants to cities and towns across New York State for the
purpose of improving water quality. Through the Water Quality Improvement
Program (WQIP), local governments can apply for funding to further non-point
source abatement projects, wastewater infrastructure improvements and aquatic
habitat restoration. To date, $43 million has been committed for non-point
source abatement, $40 million for wastewater treatment projects and $3 million
for aquatic habitat restoration.

Under the EPF Green Infrastructure Grant Program, the New York State
Environmental Facilities Corporation (EFC) provided a $645,000 grant in 2011 to
support the Saw Mill River daylighting project in Yonkers. This project is
designed to re-create a natural river by removing structures built above the
water, which will improve water quality and aquatic habitats, enhance recreation
opportunities, and boost economic development potential. This particular grant
supported green components of the project, including construction of 4,000
square feet of tidal wetlands, and furthered the State's commitment to the
project under the EPF.

DEC Commissioner Joe Martens said, "The EPF has proven to be one of the most
valuable tools we have to protect our air, land and water, and we have seen the
success of our collaborative efforts with local partners. Governor Cuomo has
been a strong proponent of the EPF and New York's unique and diverse
environment, and we will continue to build on the legacy of the EPF to protect
our resources and build strong, healthy communities."

State Parks Commissioner Rose Harvey said, "Over the past 20 years, the
Environmental Protection Fund has been crucial to creating new state and local
parks, opening up new recreational opportunities, protecting and preserving
historic landmarks and providing natural buffers to existing parks. As
technology and urban growth change the way we live, Governor Cuomo should be
commended for his strong commitment to the EPF, which is so important to
connecting people to the state's heritage, culture and great outdoors."

State Department of Agriculture and Markets Commissioner Darrel J. Aubertine
said, "Farmers are great stewards of the lands they depend on for their
livelihood. For 20 years strong, through the Environmental Protection Fund, New
York State has helped farmers balance their economic goals while protecting our
abundant natural resources. Grants made possible through the EPF have helped
farmers put strong conservation practices in place that preserve the soil,
protect the watershed, and manage nutrients."

New York Secretary of State Cesar Perales said, "The Environmental Protection
Fund not only protects New York's natural beauty, it has also become a key tool
for promoting sustainable development along the waterfront. Using Governor
Cuomo's bottom-up approach to economic development, the Local Waterfront
Revitalization Program has successfully implemented community-generated projects
that create jobs and attract business to waterfront communities."

Empire State Development President, CEO & Commissioner Kenneth Adams said: "The
EPF has not only allowed New Yorkers to better enjoy our State's parks,
waterways and public lands, it has also had a significant impact on our economy,
supporting key industries like forestry and agriculture, and providing new
investments through programs like ESD's EIP program. The EPF is critical to job
creation and the growth of our tourism economy, and I applaud Governor Cuomo's
leadership in investing in and protecting our state's precious resources."

For further information please visit: http://www.agriculture.ny.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Territorian (Australia)

                           September 11, 2011 Sunday
                                  1 - Edition

Fight back with solar

SECTION: Pg. 29

LENGTH: 215  words


Reducing costs

GAS and electricity prices are on the rise and they are predicted to go even
higher as carbon tax becomes a reality in Australia -- but you can fight back.

That's the message Top End Solahart's Grant Miller wants Territorians to hear.

``Water heating is the largest single energy use in the average household,'' Mr
Miller said.

``Did you know that by installing one of Solahart Solar hot water units you are
reducing greenhouse gas emissions?

``So quietly we're making a difference and saving you money along the way.''

Solahart pioneered solar water heating systems in 1953.

Since then Mr Miller and his licensed team of installers in Darwin and rural
areas assess clients' needs and help them to choose the Solahart product to suit
their requirements.

By replacing a conventional water heater with a solar water heater, customers
enjoy hot water free from the sun. That can save 50 to 85 per cent of your water
heating energy.

It also helps decrease greenhouse gas emissions, reducing your carbon footprint
by 2.2 to 2.6 tons each year. The environmental benefits of solar water heaters
are recognised with a range of federal government rebates and incentives to help
households make the switch to solar water heating.

Call your local installer on 8948 1500 for an obligation-free quote.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NTN


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Awards Community Development Block Grant
for Waterline Extension Project in Mifflin County

LENGTH: 272  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


The State of North Carolina has issued the following news release:

Department of Community and Economic Development Secretary C. Alan Walker today
announced the award of a $422,093 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) to
the Derry Township to extend water lines to the Derry/Decatur Township line in
Mifflin County.

"Ensuring the availability of clean water for health and sanitation needs is
essential to the well-being of Pennsylvania residents," said Sec. Walker. "This
grant will support these efforts by providing public water service and
eliminating sub-standard wells for the residents in Mifflin County.

The CDBG grant will provide funding for a waterline extension from Crossover
Drive to Derry/Decatur Township line, to eliminate sub-standard private water
wells.

Derry Township will extend water lines to 63 households to include the U.S.
Mobile Home Park. The extension will include 8,200 linear feet of main water
line and five fire hydrants that will connect to the Municipal Authority of the
Borough of Lewistown water system.

The Community Development Block Grant Entitlement Program is federally funded
and provides funding for the smaller communities and rural areas of the
commonwealth for community development including but not limited to housing
rehabilitation, public services, community facilities, infrastructure
improvement, development and planning.

For more information about the CDBG program and other community development
initiatives, visit www.newPA.com or call 1-866-466-3972.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 18, 2011 Tuesday

Water tower now a historic Kan. site

BYLINE: John Green, The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 616 words


Oct. 18--HILLSBORO -- It may not be as famous as Canton's "hot" and "cold"
labeled twin tanks, but an 84-year-old municipal water tower in Hillsboro is now
nationally recognized.

The Kansas Historical Society announced Monday that Hillsboro's water tower is
among six listings in Kansas entered into the National Register of Historic
Places on Oct. 6.

Also new to the list were a railroad retention pond in Beaumont, a former
residence in Topeka, a barn in Pottawatomie County, a farmstead near Lansing,
and a former school building in Leavenworth.

The city nominated the 130-foot-tall steel tank for the designation in order to
help secure funding to repair and maintain the aging structure, according to
City Manager Larry Paine.

"With the designation we're eligible for a grant program for historic
preservation," Paine said. "A lot of people are taking those old towers down. In
our case, we had a choice of spending a lot of money to have it removed, or a
lot of money to get it fixed."

The city still uses the unadorned tower, set a block and a half from its
commercial center, every day to supply the town's west side -- and citywide when
maintenance is being done on the other water tower every three years, Paine
said.

The city constructed the tower in 1927 as part of Hillsboro's first municipal
water and sewer system.

It's believed frequent, often lightning-sparked fires -- including one that
claimed the coal sheds of Hillsboro founder and Mayor John G. Hill and another
near his lumber company -- prompted the tower's development, according to
details in the application for the historic designation.

Before development of the public water system, each household was required to
provide its own water for cooking, cleaning and washing and most households
relied on cisterns, which caught and stored rainwater.

The city's firefighting equipment, meanwhile, consisted of a man-powered water
pump purchased in 1888 and a series of city wells and cisterns with a capacity
of about 11,000 gallons. The $700 implement, which consisted of a tank, pump and
hose mounted on a two-wheeled wagon, required eight to 10 volunteers to operate
and proved ineffectual against a major structure fire, according to the historic
designation application.

The residents of Hillsboro approved a public bond issue to finance construction
of the tower in 1926. The city contracted with the Pittsburgh-Des Moines Steel
Company, one of just two firms manufacturing steel water towers in the early
20th century, to build the elevated tank.

The 75,000-gallon riveted steel-plated tank is elevated by four steel-truss
supports tied together with crisscrossing steel tension rods and two sets of
horizontal steel rods. The tank, which is cylindrical with a copper green
conical roof, is itself 35 feet in height and 20 feet in diameter. A system of
deep wells and pumps supplied water to the tower, which produced a domestic
water pressure of 52 psi and a fire-hose water pressure of 85 psi.

The new historic designation includes four related parts, all within the
fenced-in area surrounding the base of the water tower. In addition to the tower
structure, there is a wood shingled pump-house building, pipe railing around the
tower's central water pipe and a concrete slab with a metal grate well cover.

The city built a second water tower in 1981.

Today the older tower can only hold about 50,000 gallons of water because of
holes near its top,

"We need to have some welding done and a panel or two replaced," Paine said. "It
just goes back to deterioration over time."

___ (c)2011 The Hutchinson News (Hutchinson, Kan.) Visit The Hutchinson News
(Hutchinson, Kan.) at www.hutchnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111018-VZ-Water-tower-now-a-historic-Kan-site-1018-20111018

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2011 The Hutchinson News


                              657 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Coventry Evening Telegraph

                           October 23, 2004, Saturday

WEEKEND: LIVING SPACE: SPEND SOME ENERGY SAVING CASH

BYLINE: ANN EVANS

SECTION: Supplement Edition; FEATURES

LENGTH: 795 words


MANY households are squandering as much as pounds 200 every year on wasted
energy - that's pounds 5 billion in the UK alone.

But what can we do to make our homes more efficient, do our bit to help curb the
threat of global warming and cut those soaring fuel bills? ANN EVANS reports. IS
your home a fine upstanding member of the community, or is it behaving badly?

With the cost of household bills rising all the time, our homes need to be as
energy efficient as possible.

But more often than not we are throwing money down the drain.

Next week is Energy Efficiency Week so it's an ideal time to take a good look at
your home and start to make changes.

There are lots of things you can do, from simply swopping ordinary lightbulbs
for energy efficient ones to the other extreme of fitting solar PV panels to
your home.

And you could even be eligible for a grant to help towards these improvements.

So, if your old boiler is burning a hole in your bank account, or your hot-water
system is just money down the plughole, take a look at these snippets of advice
offered by the Energy Savings Trust and see if you can lower your household
energy bills. DRAUGHTS

Stop draughts and prevent heat escaping by filling gaps under skirting boards
with newspaper, beading or mastic sealant - that's another pounds 5-pounds 10
shaved off your bills every year. WINDOWS

Double-glazing cuts heat loss through windows by 50 per cent and could cut your
heating bill by up to pounds 40 a year. A low-cost alternative to double-glazing
is to tape polythene across windows.

CURTAINS

Closing the curtains at dusk stops heat escaping through windows - it's a lot
cosier too. CAVITIES

Around a third of the heat lost in our homes is through the walls.

Insulating them is the most cost-effective way to save energy in the home.

If we all had our cavity walls filled tomorrow, together we'd save more than
pounds 650 million of energy every year. BOILERS

If your old boiler is more than 15 years old, it's probably time to replace it
with a new energy efficient one. Log onto www.boilers. org.uk. HEATING

Too warm? By turning your thermostat down by one degree it could cut your
heating bills by up to 10 per cent. And if you're going away for winter, leave
the thermostat on a low setting to provide protection from freezing at minimum
cost. The saving could be round pounds 30 per year. HOT WATER TANK

An insulating jacket for hot water tanks only costs a few pounds and pays for
itself within months. Fit one that's at least 75mm (3") thick and you could save
pounds 10-pounds 15 a year. APPLIANCES

Don't leave them on standby - that means your televisions, videos, stereos,
computers. And don't leave them on charge unnecessarily. Check the operation
manual to make sure that this won't reset the appliance's memory. LIGHTBULBS

Energy-efficient lightbulbs cost from just pounds 5 but last 12 times longer
than ordinary lightbulbs. Each one you fit can save up to pounds 7 on your
annual electricity bill.

If every UK household installed just one bulb during Energy Efficiency Week,
we'd save over pounds 80 million per year. LIGHTING

Turn lights off when leaving a room and adjust your curtains or blinds to let in
as much light as possible during the day. WATER

Put the plug in your basin or sink. Leaving hot water taps without the plug in
is money down the drain.

Also, your hot water needs to be hot - but it doesn't need to be scalding. For
most people, setting the cylinder thermostat at 60 degrees C/140 degrees F is
fine for bathing and washing. That could save you up to pounds 10 per year.
FRIDGE/FREEZERS

The most hardworking kitchen appliance. To help cut costs, don't leave the door
open longer than necessary, avoid putting hot food into the fridge, defrost the
freezer regularly and check the door seals are working properly.

Replacing an old, energy-guzzling fridge-freezer with a new energy-efficiency
recommended one could save you up to pounds 35 every year. Grants available to
help

THE Energy Savings Trust has a database of all the various grants on offer from
the government, energy suppliers and local authorities.

Grants are available for people in all sorts of circumstances and are not
restricted to the elderly or those on low income or benefits.

You could be entitled to grants to help you install the following energy saving
measures:

Energy efficient domestic appliances (eg fridge-freezers, washing machines).

Cavity wall insulation.

Heating.

Loft insulation.

Draught proofing.

To find out which grants are available to you, log on to www.saveenergy.co.uk/
grants or contact your local energy efficiency advice centre on freephone 0800
512 012.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Coventry Newspapers Limited


                              658 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               New Era (Windhoek)

                              June 8, 2010 Tuesday

A Case for Rural Water Subsidies

BYLINE: Catherine Sasman

LENGTH: 1738  words

DATELINE: Windhoek


Namibia is reported to be more focused on sustaining the institutional
structures and resources to provide rural communities with drinkable water. Now,
however, it is considering financial mechanisms - or subsidies - to sustain this
supply to those in need.

Over the period 1978 to 2003, the World Bank loaned about US$1.5 billion to
Namibia's rural water supply sector.

However, says a Ministry of Agriculture, Water and Forestry report, rural water
supply still lags behind urban water supply.

It was established in 2006 that 272 million rural dwellers in sub-Saharan Africa
do not have access to drinkable water, as opposed to 54 million in urban
settings.

Rural water supply has become costly to governments and are often unaffordable
to the rural poor and vulnerable, who are mostly dependent on subsistence
farming.

Water reforms come with a cost, as water infrastructure in many African
countries is obsolete or non-existent.

"The disturbing truth is that installed rural water supply infrastructure is far
harder to keep operational than hoped for, and often fails before its planned
design lifetime due to poor maintenance," states the Rural Water Supply Network.

It goes on to say that the supply of infrastructure ends up needing repeated
rehabilitation, which is a massive financial undertaking. Regardless, it says,
millions of water points in Africa are being put up yearly.

To deal with the problem of water supply, Namibia's Directorate of Rural Water
Supply (DRWS) last year requested proposals regarding the possibility of
subsidising rural water supply.

Among others, it wanted to establish criteria for the identification of
communities deserving of a subsidy; those who may require a subsidy; the
duration for allocation of a subsidy; and the possible subsidy options or
models.

The Directorate commissioned BC Gildenhuys and Associates to conduct a study on
whether Government should introduce water subsidies with a special focus on the
poor.

Water in dry Namibia

The National Development Plan 3 (NDP 3) calls for the sustainable and efficient
use of water resources through joint management with stakeholders.

BC Gildenhuys and Associates asserted that this means managing and conserving a
scarce resource on the one hand, and dealing with it as a prerequisite for
development and growth on the other.

Put differently, water is an economic good with a social responsibility.

Hence, said BC Gildenhuys and Associates, it is accepted that the overall
sustainability of the sector will depend on its ability to become
self-sufficient.

"Without the necessary revenue, the service providers will be unable to continue
providing the expected water supply and sanitation services. In all instances,
it will be essential to recover the full financial cost or, in low-income rural
areas, at least the operational and maintenance costs with support from
government subsidies or cross-subsidies amongst consumers." This remains a
tricky balance because water is a very scarce and precious resource.

Namibia's climate is considered the driest in sub-Saharan Africa. Three quarters
of the country is semi-arid, with no perennial rivers. Rainfall varies greatly
across the wide Namibian expanse: the north-east gets an average of about 300 to
900 mm, with the south-east and west getting an average rainfall of 10 to 90 mm.

Namibia shares - to a large and lesser extent - the perennial rivers with its
neighbours: the Kunene River in the north-west; the Kavango River in the central
north; the Zambezi and Kwando rivers in the north-east; and the Orange River in
the south.

About 56 percent of its water comes from dams, rivers and unconventional
sources. The remaining 44 percent comes from groundwater resources.

The biggest fresh water demands are the urban areas and agriculture in communal
and commercial areas. This constitutes 91 percent of Namibia's water demand.

BC Gildenhuys and Associates said this fragile situation means that more
resources will be required.

The DRWS has to supply water to communal areas. It has to supply water points
within a maximum walking distance of 2.5 km with a minimum availability of 15
liters of water per person per day. Furthermore, a maximum time of 30 minutes
should be spent at a water point for the collection of water.

In 1997, the DRWS started with a community-based management strategy, which is a
decentralised participation approach to ensure sustainable and efficient supply
of water to communities.

More than 8 000 water points have been established in communal areas, of which
79.9 percent have water point committees.

The prime function of NamWater is to provide bulk water supply. Secondly, it has
to render water-related services, facilities and grant rights to customers upon
request.

For the provision of rural water, the report suggests a balancing act between
the principles of cost recovery and pricing of water supply services, with the
ability of beneficiaries to pay for water.

Government's Water Supply and Sanitation Policy (WSSP) acknowledges that rural
people are poor and that support mechanisms must be developed to sustain water
service delivery.

What subsidies?

The report outlines some subsidy options: direct and indirect subsidies; capital
subsidies; or operating subsidies.

A direct subsidy is given to a specific individual. The problem here would be to
identify the deserving beneficiary.

An indirect subsidy would cover any form of subsidy that does not involve a
direct transfer to a specifically identified beneficiary.

A capital subsidy would subsidise the cost of creating an asset for service
delivery. These are usually one-off payments to set up infrastructure.

But, says the study, any system that divorces a capital investment component
from the operating and maintenance ones is flawed.

Operating subsidies aim at lowering the cost of a service to the end user, or to
meet operating obligations of the service provider.

As far as the economic impact of subsidies are concerned, it suggests that
subsidies are generally 'second best', meaning that these are 'inefficient' but
'feasible' options to follow.

"[Economic] analysis may suggest that direct subsidies (cash benefits to
end-users in the case of rural water users in Namibia) would be more efficient
than indirect subsidies (such as general increases in welfare payments to poor
people). However, this does not necessarily imply that direct subsidies are
good, but only that they may be more efficient or effective than other
mechanisms to achieve the same (or better) results."

Proposals for water subsidies

The study suggests that the availability of water - especially in an arid
environment - is essential for local economic development.

But for water subsidies to have the desired impact - that is that water is
accessible at an affordable price - other institutional aspects ought to be
considered.

The study suggests a few: the measure of household consumption; the promulgation
of a Water Act; the promulgation of a national water tariff structure and
regional water tariffs; and the creation of a credit control and legal action
support system.

"A sound legislative framework is the basis for any water subsidy system," it
suggests.

A Water Act, it says, should contain provisions to allow for the development and
implementation of a sustainable support system.

And as water demand and consumption differ between user groups, it says it is
necessary for use to be metered. If this is not possible, it would exclude
subsidy support on any equitable basis.

"To differentiate between households and livestock water consumption, it is
necessary to have at least two water meters at water point installations. "

The NamWater pipeline schemes already have two water meters at all pipeline
water points. However, it suggests that future caretakers at community level get
training in taking readings, calculate household water consumption cost per
liter, and compile and distribute monthly invoices to households.

An alternative management of water consumption at borehole water points would be
to lock the tap and arrange that one person is responsible to open and close the
facility that sells water per capacity.

It further suggests that a fixed rate per livestock unit should apply, with a
distinction between large and small livestock.

Alternatively, farmers should register a number of stock units annually, and a
monthly levy based on the promulgated rate and stock unit must be paid.

As far as human usage goes, it reiterates that consumption be measured, and that
households be billed according to monthly tariffs.

It says households qualifying for subsidies should be registered annually.

Government institutions and all other adhoc water users should be metered and
billed according to the monthly tariffs.

The report further suggests that tariffs be promulgated at a set rate per liter.
Such a tariff structure must be prescribed by the national tariff policy, while
the actual tariff reflects regional differences.

Determining a tariff must make a distinction between areas receiving bulk
potable water from NamWater and those dependent on non-reticulated local
sources.

Moreover, cost implications should consider technologies like windmills, diesel,
solar or electricity pumps or combinations of these technologies, of pipeline
supplies from NamWater.

The study proposes three forms of subsidies.

The first is a water point subsidy (implying an indirect subsidy). Here, it
suggests that the operating and maintenance cost of water provision is
determined in terms of agreed national cost norms and a quarterly subsidy
transfer made by Government to identified structures.

Here, the number of poor households contained in national statistics,
technologies applied and household incomes should be key considerations for
subsidisation.

A second option is to target poor households (implying indirect subsidies to
individual households that meet predetermined criteria).

A point of departure here is to define eligibility.

"The focus is not on defining a poor person but to identify households that
qualify for water subsidy," it recommends, adding that the best and most
objective qualification is the national income and expenditure surveys.

A third option is a uniform subsidy for all users.

This option implies that all households receive a consumption-based subsidy.

The implication of the last option is that 221 061 rural households will be
subsidised in one way or another, and hence has the highest economic impact.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                                August 31, 2009

Environmental - Groundwater discharge permit - Wastewater treatment facility

LENGTH: 504  words


            Where the Department of Environmental Protection has approved the
grant of a groundwater discharge permit to the town of Falmouth for the
construction and operation of a wastewater treatment facility and leach field,
the permit should be upheld given the failure by plaintiff abutters to show any
basis for vacating it.

"The plaintiffs argue that the department has failed to provide a reasonable
margin of safety to account for any lack of knowledge regarding the impact of
the treatment facility's discharge on the quality of the groundwaters and on the
plaintiffs' wells. The minimum acceptable separation distance between private
wells and the leaching facility of a small treatment plant with land disposal is
one hundred feet. ... The private well closest to the proposed leach field is
more than 400 feet from the leach field; the commissioner thus concluded
reasonably that the plaintiffs had not presented sufficient evidence to show
that their wells would be polluted by the treatment facility's discharge. The
department need not establish permit conditions based on the most pessimistic
projection of pollution presented by the plaintiffs. ...

"The plaintiffs have raised the possibility that toxic household chemicals may
enter the treatment facility's discharge, disrupt the facility's treatment
system, and cause pollution of their wells, and, on that basis argue that the
department must require the town to monitor the treatment facility's discharge
for toxic chemicals used in ordinary households. Based upon our review of the
record, the commissioner reasonably could have determined that the plaintiffs
failed to present sufficient evidence to show that such toxins were likely to be
present in concentrations that pose a threat to the quality of the receiving
groundwaters. The regulations do not require the department to establish permit
conditions based on the plaintiffs' speculative concerns. ...

"The commissioner's decision to grant the permit is supported by evidence in the
record showing that the treatment facility will lower the risk of eutrophication
in the vernal pool and marsh. Amy Lowell, the wastewater superintendent for the
town, stated, in written testimony submitted to the department, that the
elementary school and approximately 210 New Silver Beach homes are currently
discharging untreated wastewater into the ground. The treatment facility would
reduce the impact of wastewater upon surface waters because the wastewater from
the elementary school and New Silver Beach homes would be subject to nitrogen
removal at the treatment facility before it is discharged into the ground. "

Healer, et al. v. Department of Environmental Protection, et al. (Lawyers Weekly
No. 11-154-09) (19 pages) (Graham, J.) (Appeals Court) Case heard by Quinlan,
J., on a motion for judgment on the pleadings. Alexander M. Joyce for the
plaintiffs; Frank K. Duffy Jr.   for town of Falmouth; Annapurna Balakrishna for
Department of Environmental Protection (Docket No. 08-P-787) (Aug. 20, 2009).

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

USDA unveils funding to upgrade rural water and wastewater systems

SECTION: MUNICIPAL WASTEWATER TREATMENT; New Projects

LENGTH: 238 words



HIGHLIGHT: The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) is providing over $352m in
loans and grants to upgrade rural water and wastewater systems across the
country and make infrastructure improvements in rural Alaska.


The projects funded will help in ensuring access to clean water in rural places.

USDA Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said: "These investments are critical for
our health and safety, and in the long term for sustainable economic
development.

"Investments like these in the nation's water infrastructure also are critical
to address the impact of climate change on our water supplies. The projects
supported with these resources will ensure rural families have access to clean
water and create jobs in communities across the country."

USDA Rural Development has invested about $11bn in new and improved water and
wastewater infrastructure since 2009.

The program has benefited around 15 million rural residents and almost six
million households and businesses.

USDA is providing $175m in loans and $165m in grants via the Water and
Environmental Program.

It is part of more than $1.5bn USDA invested in rural water and wastewater
projects in the 2014 fiscal year, which ended on 30 September.

The city of Buckland in Alaska is receiving a $45,000 grant to undertake a cost
analysis for preliminary engineering and environmental reports for a proposed
solid waste site.

Edgerton, Wisconsin, will receive a $7.8m loan and $2.5m grant to upgrade its
31-year-old water treatment facility.

Image: The USDA's funding will help in upgrading rural water and wastewater
systems across the country. Photo: Courtesy of Toa55/FreeDigitalPhotos.net.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 996 DOCUMENTS



             The Wabaunsee County Signal-Enterprise (Alma, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 7, 2010

Harveyville water rates not covering expense

BYLINE: BY SARAH GOODING

LENGTH: 1207  words


If Harveyville's residents feel like they pay a hefty price for their water, gas
and other utilities, they're right.

Despite having one of the higher water rates in the state, the city council
members are concerned that the water fund is losing money each month.

Mayor Dustin Kuntz said he had a chart outlining water use, and anticipates
having to look at water rates and most likely increasing those rates.

Council Member Henry Dreier said the costs of purchasing water, getting it to
Harveyville and keeping the system maintained together mean the average
household water bill needs to be about $45.

"To make things work, the average household water bill needs to be $43.50," he
said.

Council members said the minimum monthly meter fee currently is $20, and that
includes no water. Water is billed per unit used above and beyond the minimum.

Kuntz said some of the difference likely is water loss in the City of
Burlingame's system that the Harveyville is paying for until Burlingame can
reduce the loss in its system. Kuntz has encouraged council members to check
with Burlingame and see if the water loss has been corrected so that
Harveyville's rates could decrease.

He said another part of the declining fund is the difference between the
original estimate on the cost of the new water system and the actual project
cost, which was higher.

City Attorney Tom Barnes told council members they and the city do have an
obligation to pay off their debt and to maintain the system, and to charge what
it takes to do so.

Kuntz said another expense that may not be factored into the formula is that the
city pays the Kansas Water Office for the right to use up to 7.5 million gallons
of water annually, which is a separate payment from what is billed by
Burlingame.

City Employee Randy Brown also said the city uses significant amounts of water
in the maintenance of its own water and sewer systems to keep the systems
flushed out and properly maintained.

As the council discussed, Council Member Louis Hall ran the numbers and said it
looks as though the minimum meter fee should be at least $23.88 each month..

Kuntz said that could be rounded up to an even $24 for ease or up to $25 to
provide a bit of cushion.

Council members asked whether the payroll formula, which pays city staff out of
the water, gas, sewer and general funds according to percentage of time spent on
each task, might be skewed too heavily toward water.

Hall said part of the selling point of buying water rather than running the
city's own plant was the idea that less manpower would be involved.

Kuntz said those numbers could adjust, but another fund would have to pay more
toward payroll, which ultimately wouldn't ease the burden on city residents.

Brown said even without running a water system, significant labor time still is
involved.

"Even with getting water from Burlingame, you don't just turn the faucet on and
walk away," he said. "Any time you add chemical you're spending time."

He said he would be happy to provide the breakdown of how much time he spends on
each task.

Barnes told the council it needs to take action to increase rates soon.

"You can't continue to delay action," he said.

"Part of me feels like when we set these rates we believed the market would be
adequate," Kuntz said.

He added that it seems the city has enough to pay off the debt each month, but
the overhead expenses such as maintenance and management are preventing ends
from meeting.

He said homeowners likely are not concerned with whether an increase comes on
the water or gas bill because it comes out of their pockets regardless, but
future councils will have to figure out the true cost of operating each fund.

Treasurer Debbie Converse said employee costs are divided between funds, with
the dogcatcher/nuisance officer and other general help taken out of the general
fund, but the treasurer, office staff and city superintendent salaries split
between funds by percentages.

Kuntz said even if the percentages are slightly skewed from month to month, they
are based on averages over the past several years, and it would take several
months of data to accurately change the percentages.

Council Member Lester Kimball suggested that council members take the numbers
home, look at them closely during the next month, and prepare to make a decision
in February.

The council then discussed the gas system, which routinely is losing 9-10
percent each month, regardless of season.

Brown said he blames a lot of it on older meters which may run more slowly. He
also suggested that the master meter where Eskridge sells gas to Harveyville
should be recalibrated and certified.

Brown said the state doesn't want to see more than 6 percent loss in a system
and he is working to find and recover about half the current loss.

He added that he sent in 15 meters to be rebuilt and expects to receive them
this week.

Council members also thanked Brown for keeping the streets cleared off, and
Brown credited Kuntz for being out and helping throughout the recent snows.

Brown also asked whether the council would like the large piles downtown moved
to the fairgrounds before snow arrives again Wednesday, and council members
opted to leave the existing piles, but move the new snow to the fairgrounds if
needed.

Dreier asked the council to discuss the money the city is receiving from the
sale of the city lake to George Anshutz.

"If we have our money from George for the sale of the lake, could we put it in
the water department and put it against the water debt?" Dreier asked.

Kuntz said he believes the loan is at a fairly low interest rate - in the 5
percent range.

Dreier said his thought was that the payment for the lake could take about two
years of principle off the loan and save a lot of interest over the long-term.

"That's something that probably should be looked at. To see the savings
long-term on that," Kuntz said.

Kuntz said while talking about options the city also could consider the option
of using the money as part of a matching grant for the city's streets.

The city has applied for a grant and Kuntz was under the understanding it would
hear something by late December, but was told the date actually will be late in
January.

"Really, you can leverage the money from the sale of that lake to your ability
to get that grant," Barnes said.

Council members indicated both would be valid options and it would be worthwhile
to see where more savings could be had. No action was taken.

Nuisance officer/dogcatcher Tyrel Buchmeier reported that in a couple weeks he
will be deputized in Wabaunsee County and expects to be doing patrols in the
Harveyville area.

"Is Doug (Howser, sheriff) comfortable with you still doing nuisance projects
for us?" Kuntz asked.

Buchmeier said he would need to discuss it with Howser, but that Howser had
asked that the city call him if it had any questions.

Buchmeier said he had not done much as nuisance officer this month due to the
snow and weather.

Council members noted one area of town where parking has been tight and briefly
discussed whether the city could have a no-parking zone on one side of the
street in that area.

Kuntz suggested that could be addressed along with the street grant if the city
receives the funds.

Kuntz also reported that the city's court went smoothly.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regional Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAB

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
             Copyright 2010 The Wabaunsee County Signal-Enterprise


                              662 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   Mandurah Coastal Times (Perth, Australia)

                            July 22, 2009 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Households urged to grab energy grants

SECTION: Pg. 26

LENGTH: 233  words


MANDURAH MLA David Templeman wants people to apply for up to $1600 in Federal
Government rebates to install ceiling insulation and solar or heat-pump hot-
water systems.

The initiative allows home owners, landlords and tenants to apply for rebates to
make their homes more energy-efficient as part of the Governments $4 billion
Energy Efficient Homes Package.

Mr Templeman said the Federal Government was compiling a Provider Register, with
businesses having to meet certain criteria before being approved.

The only way to qualify for the rebate will be to use one of the listed
installers, he said. This is a great opportunity to make your home more
energy-efficient and save money on energy bills at the same time.

Mr Templeman said low-emission hot-water systems and ceiling insulation could
save hundreds of dollars on power bills.

Installing insulation can save householders up to $200 a year on their heating
and cooling bills, and switching to a solar hot-water system can save up to $700
a year, he said.

With households forced to find an extra $1000 for additional State Government
fees and charges in 2009-2010, any chance to save money on household bills would
be welcomed by many families.

Three rebate packages are available, including the Homeowner Insulation Program,
the Solar Hot Water Rebate and the Low Emission Assistance Plan for Renters.
Visit www.environment.gov.au/energyefficiency.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CMC


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            January 22, 2016 Friday

ADB and partners grant $200m loan for Chinese water supply and distribution
project

SECTION: WATER SUPPLY; Industry news

LENGTH: 380 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Asian Development Bank (ADB), along with 18 other banks, has
signed a loan agreement for $200m, which is targeted at expansion of an ongoing
water supply and distribution project in China.


The Asian Development Bank (ADB), along with 18 other banks, has signed a loan
agreement for $200m, which is targeted at expansion of an ongoing water supply
and distribution project in China.

The financial body had previously forwarded a $100m direct loan in May 2014 for
the project carried out by the China Water Affairs Group (CWA).

This new loan, allowed under a B-loan structure, increases the bank's commitment
to the project to $300m and authorises it as lender of record for loan funds
provided by the other commercial banks.

ADB Private Sector Operations East Asia unit head Hisaka Kimura said: "The
project builds on the success of ADB's earlier partnership and cultivates a new
frontier through urban-rural distribution network integration.

"For rural areas to be linked into an enlarged urban network, water quality,
service hours and tariffs are improved to match those of urban consumers.

"Our partnership with 18 banks will allow the operation to reach beyond its
existing service areas to provide good quality, affordable water supplies to
semi-urban and rural communities in need."

China has been putting in efforts to improve access to quality water, which had
led to positive results in the country.

However, access to reliable piped water is still unstable in the country with
more than 50% of the rural residents lacking basic household tap connections.

ADB funds are being used by CWA to upgrade water management systems in the
country and help the government in closing the rural water issues.

The project will involve expansion of the existing distribution networks in the
country to semi-urban and rural areas in order to ensure reliable and all-time
water connections to households.

The funds will also be used to construct, acquire and rehabilitate water
treatment and distribution hubs across second- and third-tier cities, which are
expected to promote urban-rural integration.

Around 740,000 Chinese household will be benefited through the project.

Kimura said: "By improving water efficiency throughout distribution, the project
will also help conserve water, one of the most precious resources in the PRC."

Image: The project is expected to enable household connections to tap water
across semi-urban and rural areas. Photo: courtesy of Asian Development Bank.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             January 9, 2006 Monday

Port Richey seeks fix for water runoff troubles

BYLINE: CAMILLE C. SPENCER

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 540 words

DATELINE: PORT RICHEY


A toxic mix of debris, nitrate and bacteria has brewed for decades in the
Pithlachascottee River, but city officials are making plans to filter polluted
stormwater runoff in time for a federal mandate to clean up its waterways.

As Port Richey expects new construction and a doubling population in the next
year, officials say growth leads to more concrete and driveways, or "impervious
surfaces," which enable toxins to head into the river and Gulf of Mexico. Also,
bacteria from pet waste and chemicals from cars, which typically soak into grass
after heavy rainfall, have the potential to pollute surface water.

To curb the problem, officials are seeking grant money to pay for engineering
firms that would design retention ponds and filtration boxes to soak up runoff.
They're also hoping residents take notice and properly dispose of waste and
toxins.

"You get these rains, and it washes off the streets," said building official Ed
Winch. "It's a big problem, and we know that."

A time crunch has added urgency to the stormwater issue. The federal Clean Water
Act has required certain areas of the state to find ways to clean stormwater
runoff by 2011.

In the meantime, cities such as Port Richey and New Port Richey are scrambling
hard to find grant money to pay for stormwater runoff systems. Officials say
dredging the Cotee River last summer only amounted to a Band-Aid solution,
because debris continues to collect.

Port Richey's stormwater utility and stormwater capital improvement plans, which
were drafted last year, identify critical areas off Ridge Road and U.S. 19 that
collect most of the runoff.

"It's a tremendous task, especially for smaller municipalities," said Port
Richey City Manager Jerry Calhoun. "There isn't a lot of funding to do it."

Calhoun estimated the cost to treat stormwater at about $1-million. Filtration
boxes, the best solution,, cost about $5,000 each. The boxes trap debris, slow
water flow and keep organic materials out of the water.

Port Richey officials are exploring a monthly utility fee of $2 per household to
pay for filtration systems. New Port Richey residents already pay such a fee.

Calhoun also is forming a task force with the county and New Port Richey
officials to address ways to filter polluted stormwater.

"Years ago, you just dug a ditch to run the water off and get rid of it as
quickly as possible," Calhoun said. "Now, we are looking to retain the water and
have sediment removal. The runoff is all over the city and the county."

In New Port Richey, the stormwater utility fee, similar to a water or sewer fee,
has helped curb costs of retention and treatment systems designed to remove
stormwater runoff, said public works director Tom O'Neill.

The fee, which also helps pay for projects to improve the drainage system, is
calculated per household and was implemented in 2001. O'Neill said the amount
goes up or down depending on the amount of impervious surface on a property.

"It's a man-made problem that exists everywhere," O'Neill said. "We've made
deliberate strides as a city to improve the quality of water that runs into the
river."

Camille C. Spencer can be reached in west Pasco at 869-6229 or toll-free at
1-800-333-7505, ext. 6229. Her e-mail address is cspencer@sptimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, BRENDAN FITTERER
A weathered totem sits on the bank of a stormwater runoff area Thursday in Port
Richey.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 20, 2009 Sunday

Prentiss water customers say water is 'dark as coffee'

BYLINE: Lena Mitchell, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 662 words


Sep. 20--HOBO STATION -- For years, Big V Water Association customers have had
to buy water for drinking and cooking.

Now, officials with the association are taking steps to remedy dirty water
problems.

Martha Caldwell and almost two dozen of Big V's 1,362 metered customers
presented their concerns to the board last week during a regular meeting.

"We've had a water problem since the early '90s," Caldwell said. "Back then
members circulated petitions and had several meetings with large attendance, but
nothing was ever solved and everyone gave up."

This time, however, they asked for help from the Public Service Commission,
which sent investigator Scott Edwards to the meeting.

"We had a tough time just getting through to the association," said PSC
Commissioner Brandon Presley. "The investigator was there to alert the board to
what complaints we were getting and see what they were doing to address the
problems."

Several water system customers brought jugs of water they had collected over the
past several months to show the amount of sediment in it and ask what could be
done.

"It's as dark as coffee," Caldwell said.

In addition to being unable to have telephone calls answered at the association
office or messages returned, several other customers lodged complaints that
included:

n Angie Caviness, a teacher at Hills Chapel, said the school's drinking water
fountain had to be covered up two or three times so far this year, and the
school was never notified about any drinking water problem.

n Frances Swinney said she has had to buy water for household use the entire 16
years she has lived in the Hobo Station community, a move she'd never have made
if she'd known about the poor water quality.

n Linda Shirley said she, too has been buying all household water since March
1996. The family, she said, starts the day by checking the water for coloration
and pressure. Not only the family's health, but also household appliances are
affected by the bad water quality.

The PSC asked the health department to check the water for quality, and sent
someone when the tests were conducted, Presley said. Though no bacteria was
found, problems with the color of the water remain.

The association is taking action to solve the problems customers have
identified, said association board President Jim Foster.

"One of their concerns was they couldn't reach us by phone, so we're adding two
lines so don't get an answering machine," he said. "The other problem with dirty
water, we've shut off one of the old wells that we think might be the problem."

The system has one new well, but the two other wells are quite old, he said, as
are many of the pipes throughout the system. What's needed is a complete
overhaul of the system, something the board voted to work toward by bringing a
new engineer on board.

"It's not going to be a quick fix, but will take time," Foster said. "We know
there are some grant monies available, and we'll get the engineers to help us
with that. We've had the two old dilapidated wells renovated, but they're still
not up to par."

Foster said he knows construction of a Highway 30 bypass that has crossed many
of the water system's lines during the past year has caused some of the dirty
water problems, but realizes that's not all of it.

"We want to take steps to get these consumer complaints addressed," Presley
said.

"We're going to follow up and check on the board's action plan to see what's
actually being done to correct it."

Contact Lena Mitchell at (662) 287-9822 or lena.mitchell@djournal.com

To see more of the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.djournal.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090920-TP-Prentiss-water-customers-say-water-is-dark-as-coffee-0920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2009 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              666 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            April 30, 2009 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Green bonus for first-home buyers

BYLINE: Louise Dodson, Mathew Dunckley and John Breusch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1085 words


The federal government is considering revamping the first-home owners scheme in
the budget to offset the cost of a new mandatory energy efficiency building
code.

Prime Minister Kevin Rudd will ask the states at the Council of Australian
Governments meeting today to agree to a new national building code to introduce
mandatory tough new energy efficiency standards by 2010 as part of an ambitious
national strategy.

The code is expected to require the states to ensure all new houses adopt a
six-star energy rating by 2010 - a commitment made by the Queensland government
during the recent state election campaign.

But the cost to home buyers of introducing new measures to improve energy
efficiency and to increase usage from renewable sources by 2020 may be offset in
the May budget with one option to reshape the first-home owners grant to favour
"green" housing.

The states will be urged to support a new renewable energy scheme that increases
incentives to invest in clean power generation as part of the federal
government's promise to have 20 per cent of electricity from renewable sources
such as solar and wind power by 2020.

With increasing speculation that the federal government's emissions trading
legislation might not be passed by the Senate, and criticisms that the
government's greenhouse targets are inadequate to fight climate change, the
government is looking at boosting energy efficiency and renewable energy as ways
of addressing greenhouse gas emissions.

The move to introduce a stronger national building energy efficiency standard
would extend the current five-star rating system, which covers only building
materials such as walls, floors and insulation.

In an important shift, it is understood the new six-star standard could be
expanded to include fixtures such as lighting and hot water systems.

Any new standard on energy efficiency would result in different requirements
across the building code's range of climatic zones.

It is believed some states will also push ahead with their own proposals to
increase water efficiency, which is not covered by the energy standard.

The federal government's $1.5 billion boost to the first-home owners grant was
introduced in October last year as a measure to stimulate the economy, and it
ends in its present form on June 30.

This measure doubled the first-home owners grant to $14,000 for existing
properties and trebled it to $21,000 for newly built homes, benefiting at least
150,000 households.

The housing industry has been working with federal and state governments on how
to offset the cost of new energy requirements and on the national building code,
including researching new methods for determining energy ratings.

The first-home owners scheme is likely to be overhauled in the May budget.

Business has strongly urged a more co-ordinated national approach to energy
efficiency regulation.

In the run-up to the Council of Australian Governments (COAG) meeting, the
Energy Supply Association of Australia (ESAA), the Energy Users Association and
the Business Council of Australia warned that the variety of energy efficiency
policies at the state and federal levels was causing duplication and creating
unnecessary costs for industry.

The three groups called for the creation of a new body to co-ordinate a national
approach to energy efficiency regulation.

"Energy efficiency can play a big role in contributing to lower emissions while
ensuring that energy services remain affordable, however, harnessing that full
potential has proved elusive," ESAA chief executive Clare Savage said. In a
letter to Mr Rudd last week, the Australian Conservation Foundation, ACTU, the
Australian Council of Social Service and the Climate Institute said the
government could achieve low-cost emissions reductions and generate jobs through
a co-ordinated strategy to improve energy efficiency.

The four groups propose a range of policies including low-interest loans to
households, accelerated depreciation for "green" retrofits of commercial
buildings, and the roll-out of national energy efficiency standards.

As well as climate change policies, the COAG meeting is expected to agree to a
wide-ranging jobs and training compact designed to keep young people at school
in training and tertiary education to prevent them from becoming unemployed for
lengthy periods.

The federal government aims to encourage business to keep apprentices, even when
companies are under pressure and shedding jobs.

Mr Rudd said yesterday that COAG would discuss the jobs and training compact.

The meeting would be "working together to make sure that we are providing the
best support for people . . . who are finding it difficult to get a job, who are
in danger of losing a job, or who have lost a job".

Mr Rudd said it was very important that the longer-term goals of achieving
economic reforms did not disappear because of the global recession.

"When we look forward to a time of global economic recovery, it is going to be
important to ensure that the reform agenda hasn't fallen by the wayside."

Reform would be "front and centre" of the meeting, he said.

The states will be asked to give progress reports on how they are implementing
the economic stimulus packages and are likely to be given a briefing on the
latest developments on the swine flu outbreak.

The meeting is expected to cover a range of measures to reduce inefficient and
overlapping state regulatory systems. This will include moving to a new national
system of regulating lawyers, replacing 54 bodies which now govern the
profession, as well as a new national system for licensing trades people.

Different shade of green

Green initiatives announced by the government as criticism of its emissions
trading scheme mounts

Energy efficiency

$2.7 bn to install insulation in about 2.2m existing homes, an extra $612m to

double an existing rental property insulation scheme.

Solar hot water

$507m to expand the solar hot water rebate, which offers households $1600 to
help those with an electric hot water system upgrade to solar.

Renewable energy

The government will ask state premiers today to sign off on a plan to have 20
per

cent of electricity come from renewable sources by 2020. It also extends the

duration of the target and raises the fee that businesses must pay when they
fail

to meet their renewable energy quota.

Green building

Premiers will also be asked to agree on a national building code introducing
mandatory energy efficiency standards by 2010. The code is expected to require
all new houses adopt a six-star energy rating.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2009 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright (c) 1973 Tulane University
                               Tulane Law Review

                                 December, 1973

                               Tulane Law Review

                               48 Tul. L. Rev. 85

LENGTH: 9654 words

ARTICLE: The Federal Grant Program to Aid Construction of Municipal Sewage
Treatment Plants: A Survey of the 1972 FWPCA Amendments

NAME: Clinton W. Shinn*

BIO:


* Assistant Professor of Law, Tulane University; B.S. 1969, McNeese State
University; J.D. 1972, Tulane University; LL.M. 1973, Harvard University.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  The Law, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act Amendments of 1972
(FWPCA), replaced entirely the language of the Act it amended, and in doing so
attempted to resolve many of the deficiencies of the parent statute. ...  The
FWPCA Amendments of 1972 eliminate the varying federal share structure and
authorize a federal share of 75 per cent of all qualified construction costs.
...  Only if the federal share of the portion of construction costs allocable to
industrial waste treatment is less than 25 per cent of the total construction
costs or if the retainage exceeds 50 per cent of the revenues from the project
will the city have to resort to the less favorable repayment methods, and only
under the same circumstances will the effective grant to cities be less than 100
per cent of construction costs. ...  The imposed charge has the disadvantage of
being regressive in economic impact, but at the level where this disadvantage is
of any concern--the level of low, fixed, personal income--the individual
domestic user charge should be sufficiently small as not to create a critical
financial burden, yet large enough to serve as a reminder and incentive for all
polluters to regulate the content of their waste discharges. ...

TEXT:
 [*85]  On October 18, 1972, Congress enacted Public Law 92-500,  n1 overriding
a presidential veto of the previous day. The Law, the Federal Water Pollution
Control Act Amendments of 1972 (FWPCA), replaced entirely the language of the
Act it amended, and in doing so attempted to resolve many of the deficiencies of
the parent statute. Perhaps among the most frequently criticized provisions of
the prior laws were those regulating the federal program for financial
assistance to state and local governments for the construction of sewage
treatment facilities. The corresponding provisions in the FWPCA Amendments of
1972 manifest an intent by Congress to respond constructively and definitively
to the critics' analyses.

DEVELOPMENT OF THE PROGRAM

   Although the federal government first became directly involved in water
pollution control under a 1948 "temporary" Water Pollution Control Act,  n2 the
program of construction grants was established in 1956 legislation  n3 designed
to strengthen the prior law. The 1956 statute authorized grants to local
governmental units for the construction of sewage treatment plants, which were
not to exceed 30 per cent of the construction costs, with a $ 250,000 maximum
limitation. Amendments in 1961  n4 and 1965  n5 increased the maximum to $
600,000 and $ 1,200,000, respectively, but retained the 30 per cent limitation.
n6 An amendment in 1966  n7 completely eliminated the maximum dollar limitation
and increased the percentage of federal share to 40 per cent if the state agreed
to pay 30 per cent, and 50  [*86]  per cent if the state agreed to pay 25 per
cent and if the state established water quality standards for intrastate as well
as interstate waters. If the project was part of a comprehensive metropolitan
area plan, the federal share could go as high as 55 per cent. The percentage of
costs not financed by the federal grants and state matching funds was, of
course, borne by the local governments. However, because of the tremendous
backlog of construction needs required to achieve the national goal of effective
sewage treatment, even the authorization to pay as much as 55 per cent of
construction costs was considered insufficient federal funding.  n8 The FWPCA
Amendments of 1972  n9 eliminate the varying federal share structure and
authorize a federal share of 75 per cent of all qualified construction costs.

   Prior to the federal construction grant program initiated in 1957, only 57
per cent of the United States population was connected to sewer systems and only
about 40 per cent of the total population was served by sewage treatment.  n10
Thirteen years later, however, in 1970, 70 per cent of the total population was
served by sewers. Of the sewered population, 60 per cent was receiving secondary
sewage treatment, an additional 35 per cent was receiving at least primary
treatment, and only 5 per cent received no treatment at all.  n11 There can be
no doubt that the federal grant program was a significant factor in the
increased service. But was the federal grant program a necessary factor?

   The growth of federal activity in water pollution control generally, and
waste treatment specifically, resulted from many interrelated factors manifested
in the simple fact that state and local governments were not controlling
pollution within their jurisdictions. Increased urbanization and a faster pace
of economic growth in the decade following cessation of the Korean hostilities
created greater demands for local governmental services. Concomitantly, growing
industries placed pressures on the localities adverse to the development of
effective pollution control. And, perhaps most important, the localities were
bound to revenue generating  [*87]  institutions inadequate for providing the
additional capital required for construction of waste treatment facilities.
During the same term, federal revenue resources were expanding, and the federal
government, no longer pressed by the business of war that had distracted and
diverted national attention and resources almost continuously since the early
1940's, returned once again to tasks of fulfilling the social responsibilities
that had been recognized in the pre-war New Deal era. The federal government was
concerned with problems of making government more efficient and more responsive
to needs at all levels, and with insuring distribution of benefits to all
regions and income levels. The pollution question, therefore, provided one
avenue for the national government to express in action these notions; it was a
national problem requiring a national expression of priority, since pollution of
our waters was increasing.  n12 Furthermore, the major factors that had stifled
local pollution control efforts could not function as well at the national
level: counter-lobbying conservancy groups could offset industrial pressures by
creating strong public opinion for pollution controls, and planning and
programming considerations and resources easily available at the national level
were beyond the scope of local consideration. All these factors, playing on both
extremes of the institutional structure of American government, mandated an
increasing federal role. The grants programs were just one response to that
mandate.

   Although the construction grant program is unquestionably the largest and
most important financial aspect of direct federal involvement in water pollution
control, it is not the only grant program. Various federal agencies other than
the Environmental Protection Agency administer grants for construction of
sewers, treatment of agricultural wastes, research, development, and
demonstration projects, and sundry other pollution abatement programs.  n13
Additionally, under the FWPCA Amendments of 1972, EPA is authorized to provide
grants to local governments for at least ten purposes  n14 other than sewage
treatment facility construction, the most important being grants for developing
state water  [*88]  control plans and programs.  n15 But none of the other grant
programs rival the construction grant program in size, potential effect, and
funding; so, likewise, none of the others has received the analysis and
criticism that has been focused on the construction grant programs.

ALLOCATION OF FUNDS
To Whom?

   The first major problem faced in the federal construction grant program is
one of allocation: who receives a grant and how much does he get of the
authorized grant funds in each fiscal year? The question of who receives the
grants comprises two queries: what mode of disbursement is used to get the funds
from the federal government to the states and how do the states filter the funds
down to the specific projects within their jurisdictions?

   Prior to the 1972 Amendments, the allocation scheme regulating the grant flow
from the federal government to the states was designed to protect the interests
of the larger states. Fifty per cent of the grant funds was divided among the
states on the basis of population and 50 per cent on the basis of relative per
capita income ratios.  n16 The federal allocation had no relation to the
pollution levels or comparative needs of the recipient states.  n17 The FWPCA
Amendments of 1972 change the allocation scheme radically; allocation is based
on the ratio that the estimated costs of needed treatment facilities in each
state bears to the total estimated costs of needed treatment plants for all
states. After 1974, Congress will revise the computation tables for such
allocations incorporated in the present legislation.  n18 Therefore, in theory,
the present allocations  [*89]  to the states are directly related to waste
treatment needs. However, the grant funds are administered within each state by
the state's pollution control authority. The 1972 Amendments contain provisions
designed to force states to develop effective, comprehensive water pollution
control programs,  n19 but the present intrastate allocation system seems likely
to continue for an indefinite time.  n20 Some states engage in arbitrary
allocation in an attempt to limit the effects of political pressure or
influence, for example, "first come, first served."  n21 Many states, however,
provide, at least on paper, for consideration of allotment criteria: (1) water
pollution control needs, (2) financial needs, and (3) state of planning and
readiness.  n22 In practice, the latter criterion dominates. Under the prior
federal statutes, sums allocated to the states but not actually obligated within
6 months following the end of the fiscal year of allocation reverted to the
federal government for reallocation. To avoid loss of the funds, state agencies
approved applications as a matter of course without actual consideration of
needs, and many imposed a forfeiture clause specifying the time limit within
which the project must begin.  n23 The effect was an inefficient allocation
scheme, approving grants based on the state of preparedness of the applicant
municipality rather than the waste treatment needs of the state. The 1972
Amendments address this consequence of the state allocation scheme in two ways:
first, the period for obligation of the funds is extended to one year following
the fiscal year of allocation,  n24 and second, the governor of each state is
required to establish comprehensive, regional planning agencies.  n25 Once these
regional agencies are established, the federal grants will no longer be
available to municipalities within the planning regions; all grant funds will go
to the regional agencies. Whether this latter requirement of the Amendments will
have the desired effect remains to  [*90]  be seen. It is typical of the general
tone of the entire statute--a notion that leaves the actual mechanics of
planning and operating pollution control programs to the states, but provides as
incentive for state initiative a legal structure for federal intervention and
greater federal control.

How Much?

   The second aspect of the problem of allocating the federal construction grant
funds is a consideration of how much money is to be allocated to the recipient
states and municipalities. The federal share of each qualified project was
changed by the 1972 Amendments from prior varying percentages depending on state
matching funds and the characteristics of state programs to a flat 75 per cent
in all cases.  n26 But each project within the state can receive federal
assistance only if the state has been allocated sufficient funds from the
federal government, and therein lies the rub.

   Funds are made available in federal grant programs pursuant to a
multi-stepped legislative/administrative process,  n27 only two steps of which
are relevant here. Legislation establishing the sewage treatment grant programs
contains annual authorizations of funds to be used for the grants. However, the
annual authorization is a maximum figure that has never been made available for
the programs. In each fiscal year, Congress must appropriate funds for the
various expenditures it has authorized. A significant gap has traditionally
existed between the sums authorized for construction grants and the sums
actually appropriated.  n28 A further gap exists between sums appropriated and
sums actually spent. The federal government has no mechanism for forcing  n29
states and municipalities to obligate the funds appropriated, and often
appropriated sums revert to the federal government because local governments do
not use them; for example, under prior law allocation did not relate to the
states' current construction needs, and even  [*91]  under the 1972 Amendments
municipalities may have trouble financing the local share or obtaining voter
approval. However, the 1972 Amendments make obligation of federal funds simpler
and allocate according to need, so the gap between sums allocated and sums spent
should be significantly narrowed.

   The largest authorization/appropriation gap involves current fiscal and
planning periods; $ 5 and $ 6 billion are authorized for fiscal years 1973 and
1974,  n30 but the Administration has indicated that it will allow allocation of
only $ 2 billion in 1973 and $ 3 billion in 1974.  n31 During prior years, the
appropriation gap was justified as a homefront casualty of American involvement
in Southeast Asia, although the gap can also be explained as a product of
excessive zeal, overreaction, and the need for political window dressing at the
time the primary legislation was enacted, buttressed by the knowledge among
legislators that subsequent appropriations would likely be less and would be
safely hidden in the creases of massive budgetary legislation.  n32 For the
current fiscal year, with American participation in the Vietnam conflict
apparently at an end, a more palatable--if the prospect of a few more years of
polluted waters can be deemed palatable even in a figurative sense--explanation
has been offered. The gap in the Administration's proposal for fiscal years 1973
and 1974 is part of an overall adjustment in federal expenditures intended to
achieve national economic goals.  n33 In other words, to the extent of the gap,
the benefits of obtaining maximum waste treatment within the statutory timetable
have taken a backseat to the currently more pressing problem of braking
spiraling inflation. If the desired results of this re-ranking of priorities are
achieved, the decision to extend the waste treatment timetable is a laudable
one. But the Administration is receiving few laurels and kudos for the decision.

   To better understand the sincere  n34 displeasure over the decision not to
appropriate the full sums authorized for 1973 and 1974, it is helpful to
understand what Congress had hoped to achieve in the 1972 Amendments. The
authorizations/appropriations gap had caused havoc in treatment plant
construction planning at the state  [*92]  and local levels. Local governmental
units have limited funds available or obtainable for plant construction, but
they should have been able to apply the federal share formula to the estimated
cost of their needed facilities, determine whether the dollar amount of the
federal share would fall within their state's allocable portion of the
authorized federal grant programs for future years, and have begun construction
with the assurance that the federal grant money would be available as planned.
However, huge gaps between authorizations and appropriations precluded such
planning.  n35

   The cities responded in two ways to this uncertainty, and the 1972
legislation addresses both responses. Some cities constructed qualified
treatment plants of their own, thus "prefinancing" the federal share.  n36 Not
to allow these cities to recover the federal share that should have been
available would impose a penalty on them for actively pursuing the national
clean water goals. Thus the 1972 Amendments provide for reimbursement of the
federal share to such projects under formulas similar to those existing when the
projects were undertaken.  n37 Other cities used the uncertainty as an excuse to
delay their own action.  n38 To remove the uncertainty and to eliminate the gap,
the 1972 Amendments provide that approval by the EPA Administrator of a grant
applicant's "plans, specifications, and estimates shall be deemed a contractual
obligation of the United States for the payment of its proportional contribution
to such project."  n39 Opponents of the Administration's decision not to allow
use for construction grants of the full amount authorized feel that, in light of
the congressional intent to provide certainty in funding, the President is
without authority for his decision.  n40 These opponents argue that the Act
deprives the President of the customary executive discretion in federal
spending. However, even if the argument is correct, the legislation still leaves
the President an avenue for controlling the sums obligated or spent. The federal
contractual obligation arises upon approval of the applicant's project by the
EPA Administrator, a presidential appointee who is unlikely to approve grants
beyond the limits suggested  [*93]  by the Chief Executive. Of course, the
controversy is rich with political tones and hues, and the judiciary has been
drawn into the congressional/administrative conflict; several suits have been
filed to force EPA to release impounded funds, and at least one court has
ordered EPA to consider applications for the full $ 11 billion, two-year
authorization.  n41

FUNDING THE LOCAL SHARE

   Even were the full authorization for the federal share available, the 1972
Amendments leave 25 per cent of construction costs to be financed by some
combination of state and municipal funding,  n42 and, traditionally, the
locality must wholly fund subsequent operation and maintenance expenses. As
previously stated, one reason the federal government initiated a construction
grant program in 1957 was the fact that local governmental revenue institutions
were inadequate and overburdened; the financial posture of local governments has
not changed in that respect. Two separate problems are involved in financing the
local share of construction costs.

Initial Financing

   First, the municipality must obtain in the present the initial sums to
finance construction. Probably the one universal, irrefutable generality in
discussing municipal sewage treatment construction is that the necessary
immediate capital outlay cannot be provided from current city budgets. The
municipal share, therefore, is generally financed by the issuance of either
general obligation or revenue bonds.  n43 Although the tax exemption for
interest from such bonds makes them attractive investments, using municipal
bonds to finance major construction projects poses several problems. First, most
states impose a maximum limit on municipal debt, usually a percentage of
property values within the city.  n44 Second, the interest rate and
marketability of the municipal bonds depend upon the municipality's credit
rating, which in turn depends upon the city's willingness and ability to repay
the debt.  n45 Third, the recent emphasis on waste treatment construction has
flooded the municipal bond market, resulting in a higher marketable interest
rate.  n46 The increased  [*94]  interest threshold is a serious problem since
bonds issued by large cities, usually those most needing plant construction, are
unlikely to receive high interest classifications from the national credit
rating mechanism, and since many states impose a maximum interest rate on
municipal bonds. Thus, the high interest bonds skim off the available private
municipal bond investment funds and render the constrained municipalities
beggars in the marketplace. Fourth, most municipal bond issues require approval
by voter referendum. Since the beneficial effect of sewage treatment accrues
downstream to persons who often do not share in the costs, municipalities have
had increasing difficulty in obtaining favorable referenda response.  n47 The
federal government cannot directly effect change in the first and last problem
areas, but some states are beginning to exclude sewage plant construction debt
from those constraints.  n48 The FWPCA Amendments of 1972 do attempt, however,
to ameliorate the other two problems by providing an artificial market for
otherwise unmarketable municipal bonds. The Act creates the Environmental
Financing Authority,  n49 authorized to obtain funds by issuing its own
obligations and by borrowing from the Treasury for the purpose of purchasing
qualified municipal bonds issued for plant construction which prove unmarketable
on reasonable terms. The EFA has potential for great impact on the financing of
plant construction, but present Authority officials predict that the program
will be "modest."  n50

Repayment

   The second step in financing the local share is obtaining funds for repayment
of the debt obligations. Municipalities have traditionally used a number of
institutions to obtain repayment funds for sewage construction debt, most
notably property taxes, flat rate sewage charges, and metered rates based on
water use or sewage discharge. All these institutions are subject to the same
general criticisms:  n51 they are regressive in effect, imposing a greater
economic burden on lower income domestic users; they may be  [*95]  easily
manipulated by the largest waste creators, primarily industries; the increased
burden on local revenues leads to cutbacks in other services and poorer quality
pollution controls; and they do not effectively place the costs of treating, and
thus the incentive for correcting, pollutant discharges on the one who
introduces wastes into the system. The latter criticism raises the ethical
question, to be discussed below, whether the public should pay some of the costs
for treating the pollution of private industry. A fourth institution, user
service charges, has been advanced by economists  n52 as more economically sound
and has been adopted by a few cities with some success.  n53 The user service
charge is intended primarily to place the economic costs and attendant
incentives of large scale waste treatment on the ones who create the waste;
therefore, the user service charge is computed by use of a formula incorporating
strength, volume, flow rates, and treatment requirements of the user's
discharge.

   Prior federal legislation had left this repayment problem completely in the
hands of local government. However, as evidenced by creation of the
Environmental Financing Authority, the attitude of Congress regarding
federal/municipal responsibilities for waste treatment plant construction has
changed. The 1972 Amendments provide a mechanism to assist in repayment of the
local share debt. As a condition for approval of a grant,  n54 the applicant
must provide a means by which industrial users of the treatment plant pay to the
applicant/grantee a sum equal to the federal share of the costs of construction
allocable to the treatment of industrial wastes. Such payments must be
transferred to the federal government, except that the grantee is authorized to
retain from these payments an amount equal to the non-federal costs of the
project paid by the grantee, provided the retained amount does not exceed 50 per
cent of the revenues from the facility.  n55 Thereby, the federal government
indirectly provides, or reimburses, the funds needed for repayment of the local
share debt. Only if the federal share of the portion of construction costs
allocable to industrial waste treatment is less than 25 per cent of the total
construction costs or if the retainage exceeds 50 per cent of the revenues from
the project will the city have to resort to the less favorable repayment
methods, and only under the same circumstances will the effective grant to
cities be less  [*96]  than 100 per cent of construction costs. The statute
discriminates against cities with few industrial polluters, but such
discrimination fosters the implicit purpose of the Act, to eliminate water
pollution as quickly and effectively (not as efficiently and equitably) as
possible.

Subsequent Operation and Maintenance

   The 1972 Amendments also provide assistance and force self-help in funding
operation and maintenance costs. Under the industrial payments provisions just
discussed, the grantee is also authorized to retain an amount for future
expansion and reconstruction of the facility, with the proviso that such
retained funds and the interest thereon shall be used only for expansion and
reconstruction.  n56 Further, the federal grant is expressly conditioned upon a
determination that the grantee has or will establish a user service charge
assuring that each waste treatment service recipient pays its proportionate
share of the costs of operating, maintaining, and replacing the facility.  n57
Although the specific details of the service charge are left for determination
by the city, the Act does charge the EPA Administrator with the responsibility
of establishing guidelines based upon classes and categories of industrial and
non-industrial users.  n58 The imposed charge has the disadvantage of  [*97]
being regressive in economic impact, but at the level where this disadvantage is
of any concern--the level of low, fixed, personal income--the individual
domestic user charge should be sufficiently small as not to create a critical
financial burden, yet large enough to serve as a reminder and incentive for all
polluters to regulate the content of their waste discharges.  n59

PUBLIC TREATMENT OF INDUSTRIAL WASTES

   The most emotive aspect of the federal construction grant program arises from
the fact that 50 per cent of the waste treated in municipal facilities comes
from industrial discharge into the municipal sewerage systems.  n60 When federal
grant funds are used to construct or expand municipal treatment plants, the
industries tied into the system receive a subsidy; public funds are being used
to discharge the waste treatment responsibilities of private industry, raising
the basic question whether industrial wastes should be treated in government
constructed treatment plants. Subsumed within this basic issue, although often
not distinguished in the critical comments,  [*98]  are such questions as
whether municipal facilities should be constructed to accommodate the more
complex wastes of industries; whether industries should bear some or all of the
additional construction costs imposed by their wastes; whether industries should
bear the additional operating and maintenance costs imposed by their wastes; and
whether industries should bear only the additional construction costs, or the
additional operating costs, or both. Arguments on both sides have ranged from
purely economic or purely ecological to purely political, thinly guised as
"equitable." Although a detailed examination of the myriad arguments is beyond
the scope of this survey, the predominant themes that were instrumental in
shaping the relevant provisions of the 1972 Amendments should be acknowledged.

   The threshold question is whether joint treatment facilities can be
justified, without regard to the question of who pays the costs. On this
narrowed question, the predominant arguments are all affirmative. First, the
joint treatment facilities would be effective.  n61 They perform a policing
function by centralizing the responsibility for treatment and for operation and
maintenance, and they assure that the benefits of domestic waste treatment are
not offset by untreated industrial wastes. Second, joint treatment plants would
be efficient.  n62 The larger joint facilities would have the advantage of
economies of scale in construction and operation and maintenance not readily
available to smaller, purely domestic or industrial treatment plants. Joint
plants would also have the advantage of certain staging capabilities and
complementary processes that result from a controlled combination of the
distinct treatment demands of domestic sewage and industrial wastes. And,
finally, the joint facilities are technologically practicable.  n63 One of the
most zealous opponents of the grant system's indirect subsidy to private
industries concedes that joint treatment facilities are not bad per se;  n64 the
conflict involves the ultimate burden of construction and operation costs.

Some Arguments for Public Treatment

   The major arguments favoring at least some government aid to industry via the
municipal construction grant program are grounded in the "equities" involved.
The subsidy is defended on the basis of  [*99]  usage; municipal treatment of
industrial wastes was an established practice before the objection to the use of
federal grants for joint plants was raised.  n65 To deny or decrease grants to
cities with joint facilities or a history of, or plans for, joint treatment
would in effect penalize them for adopting a treatment system allowing the local
government greater control of water pollution within its jurisdiction; they
would be penalized for doing on their own initiative the very act which national
policy as expresed in the 1972 Amendments would require of them. Likewise, at
the time most industries began discharging wastes into our waters, they were
conforming to accepted and approved custom.  n66 The sudden imposition of the
staggering economic burden of large capital expenditures for facilities to meet
waste treatment standards not heretofore contemplated by the industries or the
society they serve should intuitively strike a discordant note in the minds of
fair and reasonable men. This argument urges use of the municipal facility by
industries, but does not address the cost burden issue. The following arguments
urge that industries be allowed to use public facilities without paying fully
their fair share of the costs.

   The benefits of clean water accrue to the public at large.  n67 Since the
public acquiesced in, or even encouraged, the degradation of our national water
resource, the costs, at least the initial costs of achieving a minimum standard
of clean water, should be borne to some extent by the public. The guilt of all
should not be focused on the most visible few. After the minimum standard of
clean water has been attained, it is less inequitable to charge individual
units, industrial and non-industrial, with the costs of improving or maintaining
that standard by regulating their own wastes.

   A final principal argument attempts to blunt the thrust of the opposing
economic argument.  n68 Some industries, faced with the insurmountable costs of
providing effective facilities for treating their own wastes will be inclined to
do just enough to meet enforceable standards. But, with federal funds available
to defray part of the costs of a municipal joint treatment plant, the gap
between enforceable treatment and effective treatment becomes smaller and
industries will have an incentive to provide more assistance for construction of
an effective plant in the form of technical knowledge,  [*100]  direct payment
contributions, loans in anticipation of the federal grant, purchases of the
municipal bonds, and so forth.

Some Arguments Against Public Treatment

   The dominant arguments against public treatment, although ultimately
ecological, are primarily economic. First, and most persuasive, any subsidy for
treatment of industrial wastes or construction of industrial waste treatment
plants acts as a disincentive for efforts to decrease pollutant discharge.  n69
If the industrial polluter does not have to pay the cost of treating its wastes,
it is not economically compelled to decrease the quantity or improve the quality
of waste discharge; in fact, having someone else pay for the treatment provides
an incentive for increased waste discharge. Concomitantly, studies have shown
that industries can develop, by improving internal processes, methods of waste
quality improvement which are much more effective and efficient than the
end-of-the-pipe treatment received in a municipal treatment plant,  n70 but so
long as the industries are not paying the full costs of end-of-the-pipe
treatment they have no economic incentive to undertake internal improvements.
Second, if the local share is financed by revenue bonds or if the charge to
industrial users does not reflect the actual costs of industrial waste
treatment,  n71 rates charged domestic users will be artificially high. Finally,
the use of federal funds to subsidize industrial waste treatment decreases the
funds available for other public needs.  n72 This, in effect, is a revival of
the political argument that public funds must be used only for public purposes,
a principle most often articulated in justifying a breach.

The Policy Issue

   A careful study of the arguments against public treatment will reveal that
the commentators are less concerned about who actually treats industrial wastes
than about who pays for the construction, operating, and maintenance costs of
the treatment capability required by the character of industrial wastes.  n73 No
objection is posed  [*101]  to joint treatment facilities if the industries
share proportionally in the construction costs and are assessed a user service
charge reflecting the quantity and quality of their waste discharge.  n74 Such a
service charge was in fact imposed by a few cities and was a condition to some
EPA grants prior to the 1972 Amendments.  n75

Response in the 1972 Amendments

   In the 1972 Amendments, Congress specifically addressed and answered the
questions raised by the indirect subsidy issue. The Amendments encourage the
construction of joint treatment facilities,  n76 but substantially lessen the
possibility of federal subsidy for treatment of the wastes of private industry
through the imposition of the user service charge and the requirement that the
grant applicant provide a means by which industrial users pay to the
applicant/grantee a sum equal to the federal share of construction costs
allocable to industrial waste treatment.  n77 The purpose of these provisions is
to eliminate the federal subsidy to industries and to assure the municipality of
sufficient funds for operating and maintaining the facility without future
federal financial assistance.  n78 The Amendments thus reject the ethical
arguments favoring financial assistance to industrial polluters and adopt the
economic incentive arguments requiring industrial polluters to bear the full
financial burden of treating their wastes.

   Three particular problem areas remaining in the scheme of the 1972 Amendments
should produce interesting reactions from EPA and the commentators during the
next several months. First, the Amendments require EPA to prepare guidelines for
the service charge to be imposed on all classes and categories of users
"reflecting all factors that influence the cost of waste treatment, including
strength, volume, and delivery flow rate characteristics of waste."  n79 This
requirement, if literally enforced, will bury the grant program under reams of
paperwork, much as recent cases  n80 have indicated  [*102]  the environmental
impact statement requirement of NEPA  n81 may preclude approval of major federal
projects. The practical effect of this requirement will depend on the scope of
and attention given to the EPA guidelines as municipalities establish their
charge rates. Second, economists have warned that one inevitable effect of
imposing the full costs of waste treatment on each individual industry will be
to cause a number of marginal industries to close down, an economically sound
effect but one with adverse ethical ramifications.  n82 Although such
legal/ethical questions are within the particular domain of Congress, the
Amendments provide no express relief for the "hardship" industries. Some relief
may be provided if the municipalities adopt a graduated payments system spread
over a long term for the industries' portion of construction costs. Third, the
costs and charges imposed on industries under the Amendments may be passed back
to the consuming public in the form of increased prices, an equitable result
since consumer demand is the true cause of industrial pollution. A study
prepared for the federal government has indicated that such a transfer of costs
will result in only a one per cent increase in product prices.  n83
Unfortunately, any increase in consumer goods prices has an exaggerated
regressive effect since lower income households consume more goods than
services. This ethical question is also not addressed by the Amendments.

   Economists and economic considerations prevailed in the 1972 legislation; it
will be interesting to see how lawyers find answers to the ethical questions
that were ignored in the economic models.

 [*103]  ENFORCEMENT AND PERMIT PROVISIONS OF THE 1972 AMENDMENTS

   Although this survey has treated in isolation the federal grant program for
construction of public sewage treatment facilities, it should be noted that the
enforcement  n84 and permit  n85 provisions of the 1972 Amendments are
applicable to municipal sewage plants as point sources of water pollution, and
an evaluation of problems relating to particular municipal sewage treatment
facilities should include an evaluation of the effects of those provisions. For
the purposes of this survey, two very general observations will suffice.

   The standards established for publicly owned treatment facilities under the
permit system are much less stringent than the standards set for industrial
discharges. For example, the long range standards for industries require use of
the "best available [treatment] technology economically achievable"  n86 by July
1, 1983, while by the same date publicly owned facilities need merely apply the
"best practicable waste treatment technology."  n87 The differing standards
again emphasize that industrial wastes have been singled out as the primary
culprit responsible for pollution of the nation's waters and that the federal
effort is keyed to control of industrial effluent discharge.

   Under prior legislation, provisions for enforcement actions against municipal
polluters were rare. However, section 502(5) of the 1972 Amendments  n88 leaves
no doubt that the enforcement provisions of the Act apply to municipalities. The
most interesting provision of the Amendments concerning enforcement relative to
the subject of this survey is section 309(e).  n89 As previously noted,  n90
some state laws make financing of the local share of treatment plant
construction difficult or impossible. Yet, failure to meet the federal treatment
standards under the 1972 Amendments will subject the localities to enforcement
actions and subsequent fines and court orders to comply. Some municipal
governments would thus face a classic, irresolvable dilemma. Section 309(e),
following the pattern found throughout the Amendments of provoking state action
by providing for federal action, requires that the state be joined as a  [*104]
party in any civil action brought by the United States against a municipality
and provides that the "state shall be liable for payment of any judgement, or
any expenses incurred as a result of complying with any judgment entered against
the municipality in such action to the extent that the laws of that State
prevent the municipality from raising revenues needed to comply with such
judgement."  n91 The section is obviously intended as an incentive for states to
lessen the constraints of municipal debt limitations, municipal bond interest
rate limitations, and municipal debt referenda requirements.

CONCLUSION

   The federal municipal sewage treatment facilities construction grant program
has not been a successful method of attacking the national water pollution
problem. It has been plagued by inefficient allocation systems, insufficient
appropriations, and political opposition because of the indirect subsidy to
industries. Support is growing among the commentators  n92 for adoption of a
federal system of river basin authorities empowered to construct, operate, and
maintain exclusive treatment facilities within the basins and to establish and
enforce pollution abatement standards and programs. Although the proposal has
merit, it flows against the contemporary political attitude of decentralizing
governmental authority and returning as much responsibility and control to the
local governmental units as possible. The construction grants program, as
strengthened by the 1972 Amendments, insures that some annual gain, however
imperceptible, will be made in the water pollution fight until the political
climate changes sufficiently to allow the degree of direct federal action and
control at local levels that probably will be necessary to attain the national
pollution control objectives.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsLocal GovernmentsElectionsGovernmentsLocal
GovernmentsFinanceGovernmentsPublic ImprovementsFinancing

FOOTNOTES:




n1  For a concise legislative history of the Act, see 1 A. Reitze, Environmental
Law 31-32 (2d ed. Supp. 1973).




n2  Water Pollution Control Act, ch. 758, 62 Stat. 1155 (1948). Although this
act was to remain in effect for five years, it was extended for three years in
1952. Act of July 17, 1952, ch. 927, 66 Stat. 755.




n3  Water Pollution Control Act Amendments of 1956, ch. 518, 70 Stat. 498.




n4  Water Pollution Control Act Amendments of 1961, Pub. L. No. 87-88, 75 Stat.
204.




n5  Water Quality Act of 1965, Pub. L. No. 89-234, 79 Stat. 903.




n6  Water Pollution Control Act Amendments of 1961, Pub. L. No. 87-88, § 5(a),
75 Stat. 204, 206; Water Quality Act of 1965, Pub. L. No. 89-234, § 4 (a), 79
Stat. 903, 906. An additional 10 per cent federal share was authorized if the
project was part of a comprehensive metropolitan area plan.




n7  Clean Water Restoration Act of 1966, Pub. L. No. 89-753, 80 Stat. 1246.




n8  S. Conf. Rep. No. 92-1236, 92d Cong., 2d Sess. (1972), in 10 U.S. Code Cong.
& Admin. News 5396, 5407-08 (1972); S. Rep. No. 92-414, 92d Cong., 2d Sess.
(1971), in 10 U.S. Code Cong. & Admin. News 5288, 5312-13 (1972); D. Zwick,
Water Wasteland: Nader Study Group Report on Water Pollution 317 (1971)
[hereinafter cited as Zwick].




n9  Federal Water Pollution Control Act Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. § 1282
(Supp. 1973) [hereinafter cited as FWPCA Amendments of 1972].




n10  Federal Water Quality Administration, The Economics of Clean Water 107-19
(1970) [hereinafter cited as Clean Water]; Urban Systems Research & Engineering,
Inc., Methods for Financing Water Pollution Abatement from Point Sources 89
(1971) [hereinafter cited as Urban Systems].




n11  Council on Environmental Quality, Environmental Quality: The Second Annual
Report 145 (1971) [hereinafter cited as 2d Annual Report].




n12  See Clean Water, supra note 10, at 67-93; Symposium--Legal Control of Water
Pollution, 1 U.C.D. L. Rev. 1, 71-72 (1969).




n13  For discussion of the various grant programs, see S. Grava, Urban Planning
Aspects of Water Pollution Control 112-13 (1969) [hereinafter cited as Grava]; 1
A. Reitze, Environmental Law at One-67 (1st ed. 1972) [hereinafter cited as
Reitze]; J. Sax, Water Law, Planning & Policy 421 (1968); Council on
Environmental Quality, Environmental Quality: The Third Annual Report 390-91,
401-02 (1972) [hereinafter cited as 3d Annual Report]; Urban Systems, supra note
10, at 97.




n14  FWPCA Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. §§ 1252(c)(1), 1254(b)(3),
1254(g)(3)(A), 1254(h), 1254(i), 1254(j), 1255(a), 1256(a), 1257(a), 1291 (Supp.
1973).




n15  Id. § 1256.




n16  C. Meyers & A. Tarlock, Selected Legal and Economic Aspects of
Environmental Protection 178 (1971) [hereinafter cited as Meyers & Tarlock].




n17  Id.; Urban Systems, supra note 10, at vii.




n18  FWPCA Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. § 1285 (Supp. 1973); 37 Fed. Reg.
26282 (1972); see S. Conf. Rep. No. 92-1236, 92d Cong., 2d Sess. (1972), in 10
U.S. Code Cong. & Admin. News 5396, 5410-11 (1972).

   Although the allocation scheme in the 1972 Act is certainly superior to the
previous schemes in attempting to respond to construction needs, it has one
significant flaw. The table used for the initial allocation, and the subsequent
revised tables, are to be products of a political organ, the House Public Works
Committee. One cannot avoid wondering to what extent the "need" of some states
listed in the tables will reflect the efforts of more influential legislators,
will become marketable goods in vying for support of external legislation, or
will contain window dressing for the folks back home in election years. Further,
even were it possible to eliminate politics from the tables at the committee
level, the raw data gathered by the Committee will invariably reflect the
caution of local and state officials in exaggerated estimates of needs.

   The provisions of the Act requiring continuing planning by the states could
provide unbiased raw data, but only if the local reports can be sufficiently
policed to insure accuracy.




n19  FWPCA Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. § 1288 (Supp. 1973).




n20  This opinion is based on the author's faith in the inertial proclivity of
local governmental bodies. The 1972 Act does depart from prior laws by changing
the construction grants from unconditional to conditional. See id. § 1284.
Whether EPA can, or should, use the conditional nature of the grants to affect
change in the intrastate allocation system is an open question. The Agency has
indicated that it will follow intrastate priorities established by each state in
a "state municipal facilities grants list." 3 BNA Environment Reporter, Current
Developments 1457 (May 1, 1972-April 30, 1973).




n21  Meyers & Tarlock, supra note 16, at 177; Clean Water, supra note 10, at
116. Cf. A. Freeman, R. Haveman, & A. Kneese, The Economics of Environmental
Policy 118-19 (1973) [hereinafter cited as Freeman, Haveman, & Kneese].




n22  Clean Water, supra note 10, at 107-19; Urban Systems, supra note 10, at 99.




n23  Clean Water, supra note 10, at 107-19; Urban Systems, supra note 10, at
98-101.




n24  FWPCA Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. § 1285(b)(1) (Supp. 1973).




n25  Id. § 1288.




n26  See text at notes 3-9 supra.




n27  Professor Reitze lists five steps: (1) authorization, (2) budget request,
(3) appropriation, (4) obligation, (5) expenditure. Reitze, supra note 13, at
One-60 to -61.




n28  For example, in 1968, $ 450 million was authorized, but only $ 203 million
appropriated; in 1969, $ 700 million authorized and $ 214 million appropriated;
in 1970, $ 1 billion authorized and $ 800 million appropriated; in 1971, $ 1.25
billion authorized and $ 1 billion appropriated; and in 1972, $ 2 billion
authorized and $ 1.65 billion appropriated. See Clean Water Restoration Act of
1966, 80 Stat. 1246; 3d Annual Report, supra note 13, at 119, 389-90;
Symposium--Legal Control of Water Pollution, 1 U.C.D. L. Rev. 1, 77 (1969).




n29  The 1972 Amendments specifically provide for enforcement actions against
municipalities that pollute, but the municipalities cannot under the Act be
forced to accept federal grant money to abate the pollution. FWPCA Amendments of
1972, 33 U.S.C.A. §§ 1319, 1362(5) (Supp. 1973).




n30  Id. at § 1287.




n31  3 BNA Environment Reporter, Current Developments 879 (May 1, 1972-April 30,
1973).




n32  Stuart, Congress swallows hard, pushes water cleanup, Christian Science
Monitor, Mar. 13, 1971, at 1, cols. 4-5, at 6, col. 5.




N33  3 BNA Environment Reporter, Current Developments 879, 907 (May 1,
1972-April 30, 1973).




n34  Sincere displeasure is distinguishable from insincere displeasure, in this
writer's view, in that the former arises from a genuine concern for detriment to
the carefully confected scheme of FWPCA, while the latter results from
politically expedient visceral reaction.




n35  Otten, Politics and People, Wall Street Journal, Aug. 12, 1970, at 8, col.
3; Zwick, supra note 8, at 318-20.




n36  Zwick, supra note 8, at 318.




n37  FWPCA Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. § 1286 (Supp. 1973).




n38  Zwick, supra note 8, at 319-20.




n39  FWPCA Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. § 1283(a) (Supp. 1973). Congress
intended this contractual certainty of federal grant funds to encourage
construction by the formerly reluctant cities. However, it is not at all certain
that Congress intended to bind the President to the authorized sums. See 3 BNA
Environment Reporter, Current Developments 1454 (May 1, 1972-April 30, 1973).




n40  3 BNA Environment Reporter, Current Developments 905, 937 (May 1,
1972-April 30, 1973). See generally Note, Impoundment of Funds, 86 Harv. L. Rev.
1505 (1973) [hereinafter cited as Note].




n41  4 BNA Environment Reporter, Current Developments 67 (May 1, 1973-April 30,
1974). See, e.g., 4 BNA Environment Reporter, Current Developments 95, 102, 131,
217, 345 (May 1, 1973-April 30, 1974); 3 BNA Environment Reporter, Current
Developments 937 (May 1, 1972-April 30, 1973); Note, supra note 40, at 1507 n.6.
EPA has, of course, appealed the adverse decisions.




n42  See FWPCA Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. § 1282(a) (Supp. 1973).




n43  Clean Water, supra note 10, at 93-105; Meyers & Tarlock, supra note 16, at
180.




n44  See Meyers & Tarlock, supra note 16, at 180.




n45  See Clean Water, supra note 10, at 93-105.




n46  See Zwick, supra note 8, at 316-17; Clean Water, supra note 10, at 94-98.




n47  See Meyers & Tarlock, supra note 16, at 180; Curley, Financing Aspects of
Water Pollution Control in U.S. Dep't of Health, Education, and Welfare,
Proceedings: The National Conference on Water Pollution 343, 344-45 (1961). For
an account of the complete frustration that may accompany attempts to gain voter
approval of a bond issue, see J. Fallows, The Water Lords: Nader Study Group
Report on Industry and Environmental Crisis in Savannah, Georgia 24-39 (1971).




n48  Meyers & Tarlock, supra note 16, at 180.




n49  FWPCA Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. § 1281 n. (Supp. 1973).




n50  3 BNA Environment Reporter, Current Developments 802 (May 1, 1972-April 30,
1973).




n51  See Clean Water, supra note 10, at 93-105; Urban Systems, supra note 10, at
5-7; Zwick, supra note 8, at 327.




n52  D. Thompson, The Economics of Environmental Protection 177-78 (1973)
[hereinafter cited as Thompson]; Zwick, supra note 8, at 327-28; Roberts, River
Basin Authorities: A National Solution to Water Pollution, 83 Harv. L. Rev.
1527, 1538-39, 1550-51 (1970) [hereinafter cited as Roberts].




n53  Zwick, supra note 8, at 328.




n54  FWPCA Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. § 1284(b)(1)(B) (Supp. 1973).




n55  Id. § 1284(b)(3)(A).




n56  Id. § 1284(b)(3)(B). The proposed EPA regulations contain a provision
directly contrary to this proviso in the Act. EPA proposes to bind only 80 per
cent of the retainage to use for expansion and reconstruction and to allow the
local governments unconditional use of 20 per cent of the retainage. Proposed
EPA Regs. § 35.900-55, 38 Fed. Reg. 13523-24 (1973).




n57  FWPCA Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. § 1284(b)(1)(A) (Supp. 1973).




n58  Id. § 1284(b)(2). Via this vehicle, the EPA guidelines defining classes and
categories of users, and through local implementation of the user charges, some
categories of users, notably households, may be exempted from the charge, or
charged an insignificant rate. The definition of user, both industrial and
nonindustrial, applied in the actual assessment of charges will determine who
bears the cost burden for sewage treatment and facility construction; that
definition will remain unknown until facilities currently being constructed with
grants under the 1972 Act begin operation.

   There is legitimate reason to question whether "nonindustrial user" as used
in § 204(b) was intended to encompass households since householders can do
relatively little to improve the quality of their discharge and since the
administrative costs of a user charge on households would be prohibitive.
"Nonindustrial" in the section, therefore, may indicate only commercial
establishments not involved in manufacturing, fabricating, processing, or other
traditional industrial activities, such as hotels, laundries, restaurants,
office buildings, and the like. However, the proposed EPA guidelines for user
charge systems do not exempt domestic users or households from the charge.
Rather, the proposed regulations indicate that households are to be assessed a
fair, proportional charge for operation and maintenance costs. See Proposed EPA
Regs. § 35.900-55, 38 Fed. Reg. 13523-24 (1973).

   It should be borne in mind that the charge for construction cost repayment
applies only to industrial users, while the user charge for operation,
maintenance, and replacement costs applies to all users.




n59  One report prepared for EPA's Water Quality Office argues that a user
service charge should not be imposed on households because no economic
efficiencies can be achieved since the householder cannot improve his pollution
output quality. Further, the report argues that all households generally produce
the same quantum of waste, therefore the charge would presumably be the same for
all households, and hence the charge would take an inequitably greater
percentage of lower incomes. Urban Systems, supra note 10, at 4. The inaccuracy
and lack of objectivity in those arguments is obvious. One need only look, as an
example, to the pollution problems caused by phosphate-laden household
detergents and the degradable, non-polluting, similarly-priced alternatives in
order to conclude that each household can, indeed, improve the quality of its
waste discharge. See 1 A. Reitze, Environmental Law at Four-25 to -29 (2d ed.
1972). The second argument is true--if all households do produce the same
quantum of wastes the charge will fall more heavily on the lower income
households. But that fact is no different than the fact that a unit of water,
fuel oil, or electricity, a loaf of bread, a pound of cheese, or a bottle of
wine purchased in the same market takes a larger percentage of the lower
incomes. (Are these services and commodities to be provided free to some solely
because the cost is a "greater percentage" of their income? If the answer is
affirmative, where does one queue up for free yachts?) The federal provision
contemplates that all polluters who use the municipal waste treatment service
shall pay their fair share of the waste treatment costs. The benefits of waste
treatment accrue to the poor just as certainly as to the rich, the not so rich,
and the taxpayer. This argument in the report is just one example of the lack of
objectivity and the overt proselyting that pervades the report. Its authors
perceive the pollution problem as the singular burden of the white,
middle-class, taxpaying American, and they bring that burden and guilt to rest
on the victims they have arbitrarily selected as often as possible throughout
the government-financed report. For a similar perception of the problem, see
Thompson, supra note 52, at ix.




n60  See Clean Water, supra note 10, at 121-42; 2d Annual Report, supra note 11,
at 141, 147; S. Rep. No. 92-414, 92d Cong., 2d Sess. (1971), in 10 U.S. Code
Cong. & Admin. News 5288, 5293 (1972). Under the pre-1972 legislation, it is
doubtful that a grant could have been refused solely because the municipal plant
would treat industrial wastes. Zwick, supra note 8, at 325 n.




n61  Clean Water, supra note 10, at 121-42; Federal Water Quality
Administration, Clean Water for the 1970's: A Status Report 6, 38 (1970)
[hereinafter cited as Water for the 1970's]; Zwick, supra note 8, at 326.




n62  Clean Water, supra note 10, at 121-42; Water for the 1970's, supra note 61,
at 38; Zwick, supra note 8, at 326. However, without carefully planned controls,
the seasonal and cyclical fluctuations in industrial waste discharge could
result in periods of idle or excess capacity. Clean Water, supra.




n63  Clean Water, supra note 10, at 121-42.




n64  Zwick, supra note 8, at 326-27.




n65  Clean Water, supra note 10, at 121-42; Grava, supra note 13, at 118.




n66  Thompson, supra note 51, at 168.




n67  Clean Water, supra note 10, at 121-42; Grava, supra note 13, at 118. This
argument finds some support in Professor Hardin's statement of a principle of
morality generally ignored in defining guilt for environmental ills: "The
morality of an act is a function of the state of the system at the time it is
performed." Hardin, The Tragedy of the Commons, 162 Science 1243, 1245 (1968).




n68  Grava, supra note 13, at 118; Water for the 1970's, supra note 61, at 38.




n69  See Reitze, supra note 13, at One-61; Urban Systems, supra note 10, at 1-2;
Zwick, supra note 8, at 326; Roberts, supra note 52, at 1538.




n70  See Freeman, Haveman & Kneese, supra note 21, at 119; 2d Annual Report,
supra note 11, at 146; Urban Systems, supra note 10, at 2, 45-47.




n71  Reitze, supra note 13, at One-61.




n72  Zwick, supra note 8, at 326.




n73  In this regard, it should be noted that, while the Act is designed to
insure that industrial users pay the construction, operation, and maintenance
costs attributable to the introduction of their discharges into the public
treatment system, should the public plant prove physically incapable of treating
the industrial wastes, the additional burden of pretreatment is placed on the
industrial users. FWPCA Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. §§ 1314(f), 1317(b)(1)
(Supp. 1973).




n74  Clean Water, supra note 10, at 121-42; Urban Systems, supra note 10, at
1-2; Zwick, supra note 8, at 327-28, 343; see generally 2d Annual Report, supra
note 11, at 147.




n75  Clean Water, supra note 10, at 93-105; 2d Annual Report, supra note 11, at
141.




n76  FWPCA Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. §§ 1255(a)(2), 1281(e), 1284, 1288(c)
(2) (I), 1292 (2) (A)-(B) (Supp. 1973); S. Conf. Rep. No. 92-1236, 92d Cong., 2d
Sess. (1972), in 10 U.S. Code Cong. & Admin. News 5396, 5409-10 (1972); S. Rep.
No. 92-414, 92d Cong., 2d Sess. (1972), in 10 U.S. Code Cong. & Admin. News
5288, 5315-16 (1972).




n77  FWPCA Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. § 1284(b) (1) (Supp. 1973).




n78  3 BNA Environment Reporter, Current Developments 906 (May 1, 1972-April 30,
1973).




n79  FWPCA Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. § 1284(b)(2) (Supp. 1973).




n80  See, e.g., Natural Resources Defence Council, Inc. v. Morton, 458 F.2d 827
(D.C. Cir. 1972); Greene Cty. Planning Bd. v. FPC, 455 F.2d 412 (2d Cir. 1972);
Calvert Cliffs v. AEC, 449 F.2d 1109 (D.C. Cir. 1971). See generally Note,
Evolving Judicial Standards under the National Environmental Policy Act and the
Challenge of the Alaska Pipeline, 81 Yale L.J. 1592 (1972).




n81  National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, 42 U.S.C.A. § 4332 (Supp. 1971).




n82  A. Kneese & B. Bower, Managing Water Quality: Economics, Technology,
Institutions 139-40 (1968) [hereinafter cited as Kneese & Bower]; Urban Systems,
supra note 10, at 12.




n83  Urban Systems, supra note 10, at 2, 49.

   Other problems will inevitably arise from the inherent ambiguities of
compromise statutory language evolving out of the conference committee
institution. As an example, one major cause of pollution in urban centers is the
inability of existing sewerage collection systems to cope with the short-term,
large volume runoff waters following a major rain storm. As a result, raw sewage
overflows or bypasses the municipal treatment facilities during storms and
flows, untreated, into public water bodies. Therefore, whether the 1972
Amendments provide grant assistance for storm water sewerage construction is of
primary concern to municipal fiscal planners. The Act provides no clear answer;
sections 211 and 212(2) (B), although ambiguous, may prove to be the keys, but
they allow no assured response. See FWPCA Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. §§
1291, 1292(2)(B) (Supp. 1973).




n84  FWPCA Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. §§ 1311, 1313(f), 1314(h), 1315,
1316(e), 1317(d), 1318, 1319, 1342(k), 1364, 1367, 1368, 1369, 1370, 1371 (Supp.
1973).




n85  Id. §§ 1341, 1342, 1371.




n86  Id. § 1311(b) (2) (A).




n87  Id. § 1311(b) (1) (A).




n88  Id. § 1362(5): "The term 'person' means an individual, corporation,
partnership, association, State, municipality, commission, or political
subdivision of a State, or any interstate body."




n89  Id. § 1319(e).




n90  See text at notes 42-50 supra.




n91  FWPCA Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C.A. § 1319(e) (Supp. 1973).




n92  Freeman, Haveman & Kneese, supra note 21, at 121-38; Kneese & Bower, supra
note 82, at 301-18; Hart, Creative Federalism: Recent Trends in Regional Water
Resources Planning and Development, 39 U. Colo. L. Rev. 29, 31 (1966); Roberts,
supra note 52. Senator Humphrey recently proposed legislation designed to
establish federal regional waste treatment authorities. 4 BNA Environment
Reporter, Current Developments 197 (May 1, 1973-April 30, 1974).


                              668 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           February 11, 2006 Saturday
                              Correction Appended
                                 SOONER EDITION

MORE MONEY DOWN THE DRAIN;
CITY WATER RATES TO RISE FOR 3RD, 4TH CONSECUTIVE YEARS

BYLINE: Rich Lord, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 739 words


The Pittsburgh Water and Sewer Authority board voted yesterday to raise rates
this year and next, in moves it said would hike the average household's monthly
water and sewer bill by $5.

Authority Executive Director Greg Tutsock said the increases would allow the
authority to weather jumps in chemical, utilities and labor costs, and continue
working on improvements demanded by federal and state regulators. They may also
help it reduce its reliance on debt, which devours half its revenue.

The authority's minimum monthly rate, for the first 1,000 gallons of water use,
will rise from $13.88 to $14.42 on March 1, and to $14.67 on Jan. 1. Rates for
each additional 1,000 gallons will rise from $6.46 to $6.99 in March, and to
$7.50 next year.

For a typical household, using 5,000 gallons, that's a 12.5 percent hike by next
year. That comes on top of rate increases of 19 percent in 2004 and 17 percent
last year.

The increase affects around 65,000 city households that get their water from the
authority. Another 30,000 households in the city's southern neighborhoods, which
are served by Pennsylvania American Water Co., will also see their rates rise,
because those rates are pegged to the authority's.

The hikes also hit commercial and industrial users, who pay less than households
, and health and educational institutions, which pay more.

Top private sector water users include Del Monte Food, the University of
Pittsburgh, the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, and the West Penn
Allegheny Health System. None responded to requests for comment.

To minimize the impact on households, the authority board raised some fees on
businesses. It will now charge when it helps to design piping for new buildings
larger than a duplex; make contractors pay for temporary meters for construction
projects; and bill more for special water lines for fire sprinklers.

"We wanted to really make the increases as minimal as possible," Mr. Tutsock
said.

The hikes will bring $4.6 million to the authority this year and $4.7 million
next year, he said. That should allow it to reduce its dependence on borrowing,
he said. It owes $622 million, a burden called "not healthy" by a consultant.

The authority is under orders from federal and state environmental regulators to
improve sewer lines to stop sewage from flowing into the rivers when it rains.
It expects to spend $300 million on those improvements over coming years.

Yesterday the board approved two contracts, totalling $4.9 million, with
consultants on that effort.

In a submission to regulators in May, the authority indicated that its water
rates were the second-highest among a dozen large public water suppliers in the
area.

That analysis did not include sewer rates, which are included in water bills.

City households will still pay less than residents of some suburbs served by
Pennsylvania American. Mt. Lebanon residents, for instance, pay a total of $8.18
per thousand gallons.

The Allegheny County Sanitary Authority, which levies a separate charge based on
water usage, increased rates 10 percent effective Jan. 1.

Water authority board Chairman Joe Preston, a state representative from East
Liberty, led the charge for the increase, which passed on a voice vote. He
wished staff and consultants in attendance a "Merry Christmas" at the meeting's
end.

Board member Len Bodack, a city councilman from Lawrenceville, did not vote.
"I'm not really happy about raising rates, but I don't think we have a choice,"
he said.

"I certainly don't like water rate increases, but they're under federal and
state mandates," said Mayor Bob O'Connor, who has yet to exercise his right to
appoint new board members.

"We want to be very aggressive at finding federal and state [grants] to offset
future increases."

%% WHAT IT WILL COST YOU %%

Here's how the Pittsburgh Water and Sewer Authority bill will change for
households that use the following amounts of water per month.

If you use..... ...you now pay..... ...in March you'll pay..... ... next year
you'll pay

1,000 gal. ............$13.88......................
$14.47........................$14.67

3,000 gal. ............$26.80......................
$28.40........................$29.67

5,000 gal. ............$39.72......................
$42.38........................$44.67

7,000 gal. ............$52.64......................
$56.36........................$59.67

10,000 gal. ............$72.02......................
$77.33........................$82.17

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Rich Lord can be reached at rlord@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1542.

CORRECTION-DATE: February 14, 2006



CORRECTION:  Mt. Lebanon residents pay Pennsylvania American Water $5.73 per
1,000 gallons of water and $2.45 per thousand gallons to the municipality,
totaling $8.18. The breakdown was not provided in a Saturday article on water
rates.

GRAPHIC: CHART: Pittsburgh Water and Sewer Authority: WHAT IT WILL COST YOU

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              669 of 996 DOCUMENTS

             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              June 3, 2002 Monday

Rural water funding program expanded

BYLINE: OBN staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 185 words


With the passage of Senate Bill 1247, the Oklahoma Water Resources Board may now
provide funding to additional small Oklahoma communities for water and
wastewater system improvements.

Beginning July 1, the legislation increases the population limit for eligible
entities under the Rural Economic Action Plan (REAP) grant program from 1,500 to
1,750. Similarly, the tap limit for rural water and sewer districts has been
increased from 450 to 525 household taps.

The REAP program, created by the Legislature in 1996, targets primarily small
towns. To date, the board has approved 325 REAP grants for almost $27.5 million.
When combined with other funding sources, REAP grants have contributed to the
construction of water/wastewater projects totaling more than $58 million
throughout the state.

For fiscal 2003, the Legislature appropriated $4.2 million specifically for the
REAP grant program, a slight reduction from last year. Fully completed
applications for potential REAP funds are due by Sept. 1. For additional
information call Shelly Bacon or Joe Freeman at (405) 530-8800.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 6, 2007 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Commissioners OK $90,000 for rural water ;
Money will help with construction costs

BYLINE: James S. Tyree, Staff Writer

SECTION: MY NORMAN/MY METRO VI; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 477 words

DATELINE: NORMAN


NORMAN - The Cleveland County Board of Commissioners passed a resolution Monday
to give $90,000 to a rural water district working to build a water system.

Coupled with a $150,000 grant from the Oklahoma Water Resources Board, the
resolution makes it $240,000 down, nearly $1.9 million to go for the Cleveland
County Rural Water District No. 1. The district covers all of unincorporated
Cleveland County, but the new system would be built for participating residents
along and south of State Highway 39.

Claire Murphy addressed the board Monday in a public hearing to explain how the
rural water district is trying to get another $250,000. The district hired her
company, Murphy & Associates of Ardmore, to help secure a maximum Community
Development Block Grant of $250,000 toward building the water system.

The water district hopes to get the remaining $1.6 million from a federal Rural
Development package of grants and loans, for which the water district board
already has applied.

A revised cost estimate shows the water system costing a little more than $2.1
million, of which $1.72 million would go toward engineering.

The Community Development Block Grant application deadline is March 15. Murphy
said the district is in a highly competitive race for part of Oklahoma's share
of $7.8 million. Federal block grant funds in Oklahoma are administered by the
state Commerce Department.

Murphy said only about half of applicants last year received block grants, and
those applying for a maximum grant get a slight demerit in the selection
process. The district must score as many "points" as possible, then, to be
successful.

Block grants must have matching funds which, Murphy said, this project would
have. At least 51 percent of those benefiting must come from low- or
moderate-income households by federal standards, and Murphy said a survey
indicates 59 of 114 homes - 52 percent - are in that range.

Events at the Board of Commissioners meeting, the public hearing and $90,000
pledge, can give the proposed project another nudge toward acceptance.

"Grants can be lost by one point, and they (the water district) are doing
everything they can to get this," Murphy said.

Jail population rises

In other news, the board learned the Cleveland County jail last week housed an
average of nearly 10 percent more inmates than it did the week before.

The daily population average was 219 for the week of Feb. 22-28, up from the 200
average of the previous seven days. Consultant Neil Vickers attributed the spike
to an increase in arrests.

The population shot up from 197 on Feb. 22 to 240 three days later. It went
subsided to 213 within another three days, by Feb. 28.

District 1 Commissioner Bill Graves was absent at the meeting. Mark Meyer, the
district's foreman, sat on the three-member board in Graves' stead.

James S. Tyree:  292-6113,  jtyree@oklahoman.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                           August 15, 2012 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Flood relief grants offered

BYLINE: Monica Wolfson, The Windsor Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 269 words

DATELINE: TECUMSEH


Tecumseh residents living in flood-prone areas will be eligible for up to $3,100
in grants to help install a sump pump and disconnect foundation drains from the
sanitary sewer system to reduce basement flooding.

The bulk of the grant - $2,225 - is coming from the Essex Region Conservation
Authority, which applied for money from the Ministry of Environment. There is
also $300 per household available to disconnect downspouts from sewer systems.

Tecumseh buys its drinking water from Windsor and sewage goes to the Little
River Pollution Control Plant.

Dan Taylor, ERCA's director of source water protection, said that during severe
weather events, storm water overflows the sewer system at Little River and
enters the Detroit River.

Reducing storm water that gets into the sanitation sewer system will reduce the
number of bypass events and lower sewer treatment costs, he said.

Tecumseh created a grant program to address basement flooding in August 2011.

Mayor Gary McNamara said he received a homeowner's insurance renewal notice
recently showing premiums were going up 40 per cent.

"I can't get a better price because of the tornadoes in Leamington and Goderich
and flood issues," he said. "When you look at the investment we are doing here,
it's better to be proactive than reactive."

Homeowners have until the end of 2012 to do the work. Residents are to pay up
front for the improvements and then get grant money from the town with receipts
and proof the work was done.

The ERCA grant program is also available to anyone in Windsor living around the
Little River plant, east of Pilette Road.

mwolfson@windsorstar.com

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  News Shopper

                             June 23, 2009 Tuesday

GREENWICH: Residents told of solar power benefits

SECTION: GREEN GREENWICH NEWS (GREEN GREENWICH NEWS)

LENGTH: 323 words


NOW could be the best time to invest in solar power for your home or business,
according to a company.

Next April the Government is due to introduce an incentive which means homes
will get paid for the energy their solar panels generate.

Under the incentive, called a feed-in tariff, energy companies are obliged to
buy back any electricity homes generate from their solar panels at higher than
the market rate.

The tariffs are already commonplace in Europe and managing director of
Greenwich-based company iGen Solar Alistair Smit says it has been a big success
in countries like Germany and Spain.

He said: "Solar power has been around for years but now it's a really key time
to get involved.

"It doesn't mean we should sit around waiting until April to wait for the
tariff.

"Now might be the best time for you to take the grants and benefit from them."

Households can currently get Government grants of up to £2,500 for renewable
energy while charities and not-for-profit organisations can claim half the cost
of installation.

And, despite England not being blessed with sunshine, Mr Smit says solar power
is still the best option for Britain's homes, helping to reduce carbon
emissions.

He said: "Solar doesn't rely on direct sunlight to work, it works from the sun's
radiation.

"As soon as the sun comes up, solar starts to work."

His company was set up at the start of the year, and installs two types of solar
systems in both residential and commercial properties.

Thermal systems use sunlight to heat water and can produce 60 to 70 per cent of
a household's annual hot water consumption.

Solar photovoltaic systems work to produce electricity and can generate up to
half of a home's annual electricity usage, while benefiting from the feed-in
tariff.

Getting panels installed on your roof to provide the power can cost from around
£4,000 to £11,000 and normally takes one to two days.

For more information call 0787 219 2000 or visit igensolar.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                             July 21, 2011 Thursday

After PCs, Bill Gates sets out to reinvent the toilet for poorer countries

LENGTH: 554 words


The man who reinvented computers and made PCs a household item in most wealthy
nations, Microsoft tycoon turned philanthropist Bill Gates, is now focusing his
attention on recasting the WC.

WASHINGTON: The man who reinvented computers and made PCs a household item in
most wealthy nations, Microsoft tycoon turned philanthropist Bill Gates, is now
focusing his attention on recasting the WC.

The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is pledging millions of dollars in grants
to reinvent the toilet, its director of water, sanitation and hygiene programs,
Frank Rijsberman, told AFP, calling it a "huge issue for Africa."

The aim is to boost health in developing countries by giving the 2.6 billion
people who currently don't have access to a WC a hygienic, a safe place to go to
the toilet.

Speaking by phone from a pan-African conference on sanitation that opened in the
Rwandan capital Kigali Tuesday, Rijsberman said only a fraction of Africans, are
"connected to sewers with a flush toilet."

"In cities, people use 'flying toilets,'" he explained.

"They go on a plastic bag and then throw it in the street, which is not only
gross but kids walk around and play, and come into contact with the poop and can
develop chronic diarrhea, which kills more children under the age of five than
HIV/AIDS and malaria."

Rijsberman mentioned Haiti, where by the end of last month 5,500 people had died
from a cholera epidemic he said was caused by "improperly disposed-of waste"
from a UN peacekeepers' base.

Giving people in Africa and other parts of the developing world access to
toilets could slash the death rate from diarrheal disease by around 40 percent,
he said.

But the Gates Foundation not only wants to improve access to toilets, it also
wants to get away from the flush WC that is ubiquitous in the West but isn't a
viable solution for poor countries.

"We need to reinvent the toilet. We need to come up with new technology that
doesn't put waste into drinking water, doesn't flush it down a very expensive
pipe to a waste water treatment plant where we spend lots of money to remove the
poop," Rijsberman said.

To spur the reinvention of the WC, the Gates Foundation used the AfricaSan
conference in Kigali to announce $42 million in grants to spur innovations in
the capture and storage of waste, and to develop ways to process what Rijsberman
calls "poop" into reusable energy and fertilizer.

Among the ideas being worked on are a waterless toilet, and a system that would
microwave fecal matter and turn it into fuel.

The foundation says the reinvented toilet must be affordable, costing no more
than 5 cents a day per person.

It also has to be easy to install, use and maintain.

"We have to learn to not think of poop as a nuisance and waste but as a resource
that could be recycled at a cost of a few cents a day," Rijsberman said, citing
the example of Indian villagers who dry cowpats to use as fuel.

The foundation has teamed up with global partners including the U.S. Agency for
International Development to develop new tools and technologies to improve
sanitation and make toilets more accessible to the world's poor.

Rijsberman was hopeful that investments in sanitation innovation would produce
several new-breed toilet prototypes within a year, with reinvented toilets
hitting markets in the developing world in around three years.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2011 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                          February 27, 2013 Wednesday
                                   E4 Edition

More for child grants, pensions

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 592 words


WHILE social spending, including grants and other assistance to poor households,
is not a substitute for job creation, Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has
introduced several social wage initiatives to contribute to "a more equitable
and inclusive economic growth path".

This includes the traditional increases in pensions, child support grants and
foster care grants, alongside an announcement that the means test for pensions
would be phased out by 2016.

Crucially, the threshold for a local government grant-funded R275 subsidy for
poor households has been raised from a monthly income of R800 to R2 300. This
means that 59 percent of households will now benefit from free basic water,
electricity, sanitation and refuse removal services.

The new formula for the local government equitable share provides funds for the
institutional costs of municipalities and for community services such as parks,
recreation and firefighting.

Gordhan said applications for new grants would be finalised within 21 days from
the day of application.

Of the 1.2 million new applications for grants last year, 89 percent were
finalised within 21 days, with an average processing time of nine days.

A new payment system would reduce costs from |a standard rate of R32 per unit to
R16.

The old-age grant would increase from R1 200 to R1 260 in April, while the child
support grant would increase by R10 to R290 in April and R300 a month in
October.

The foster care grant will increase from R770 to R800 a month in the new fiscal
year.

Gordhan said the proposed phasing out of a means test for old-age grant
applicants by 2016 "will simplify its administration and address the
disincentive to save that arises from the present means test".

Nearly 16.1 million people are beneficiaries of social grants - a huge increase
from the 2.5 million beneficiaries in 1998.

Gordhan attributed this to the extension of the child support grant to the age
|of 18.

More than half of households are beneficiaries of social assistance - of which
social grants, at 22 percent of households, are the main source of income. Child
support grant beneficiaries had risen from 5.7 million in 2004/05 to 11.4
million.

Social development transfers for NGOs that provide foster care and early
childhood services would also increase from R5bn to R6.5bn in 2015/16, while
those that recruit social worker graduates would get extra funding.

While the National Health Insurance (NHI) would not place new revenue demands on
the fiscus over the medium term, Gordhan said it was probable that a tax
increase would be needed.

A conditional grant of R1.3bn is helping to finance the 11 pilot projects
countrywide.

"The Treasury is working with the Department of Health to examine the funding
arrangements and system reforms required for NHI.

"A discussion paper inviting public comment... will be published this year," he
said.

Gordhan said the number of students to benefit from the National Student
Financial Aid Scheme was projected to grow to more than 640 000 by 2015/16,
while the number of poor students receiving bursaries for vocational training
would exceed 245 000 in 2016, from just over 50 000 in 2009.

The number of pupils benefiting from the school nutrition programme has
increased from 6 million to almost 9 million last year.

Gordhan also announced that the Road Accident Fund, which has been battling to
settle claims as a result of a system that apportions blame for an accident
before settlements are made, has adopted a new benefit scheme to run on a
"no-fault basis" with statutory limits to claim values.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                            August 8, 2015 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

'BILLS WILL TAP (EURO)500 BY 2018';
WATER CHARGE 'TO DOUBLE'

BYLINE: MYLES McENTEE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 645 words


WATER charges will almost DOUBLE to (EURO)500 per year for an average home if
the coalition returns to power, it was claimed yesterday.

Fianna Fail warned that the hike from 2018 on was inevitable after the EU
statistics agency's shock ruling that Irish Water had to stay on the State's
balance book.

The Opposition party's environment spokesman Barry Cowen insisted that the way
the "quango" utility was set up, the Government would be forced to claw back
spiralling costs, including the (EURO)100 conservation grant.

Offaly TD Cowen said: "Based on current costs, an ordinary household will face a
charge of at least (EURO)500."

The charge is capped until the end of 2018 at (EURO)260 for a two-adult house,
and (EURO)160 for a one-adult home, but Mr Cowen said the Government would have
no option but to hike the charge.

He said: "In 2018, if this entity remains as it is and the construct continues
as it is, there is no doubt that this Government will be looking at ways and
means that they can get that sort of money out of people."

With less than half of the 1.6m customer base having signed up, the State faces
a (EURO)130m cost of conservation grants, (EURO)41m on meter installations and
other administrative overheads, including (EURO)5m on grant pay-out.

Fianna Fail wants the utility scrapped at an estimated cost of (EURO)172m, and
replaced with a National Water Infrastructure Company, employing just 100 staff,
and domestic charges delayed until the system is brought up to standard.

Irish Water would not comment on Mr Cowen's claim, saying it "does not determine
the tariff for domestic or non-domestic charges", and referred queries to the
Commission for Energy Regulation and the Department of Environment.

The Department emphasised that charges were capped until the end of 2018,
adding: "After that, any changes would be a matter for the government of the day
and the Commissioner for Energy Regulation." Meanwhile, Environment Minister
Alan Kelly has challenged the Eurostat test failure, calling for clarification
of what the Government described as "grossly erroneous" research compiled by the
Central Statistics Office.

But Mr Cowen said: "The day they started this project, they thought they could
do it early in the lifetime of the Government and have it put to bed before Phil
Hogan went to Europe.

"They expected it would be done and dusted with full costs recovery and the
entire thing off the balance sheet.

"When it became apparent that it would cost the guts of (EURO)500 per house, the
Coalition realised the cat was out of the bag and they would not be able to sell
this.

"They were faced with the question of how they could appease home owners and get
over the bridge.

"It boiled down to telling people that they could not give everything they
promised and decided to subvent it."

He went on: "In the meantime, they came up with this concoction that they
believed would get them to 2018 when they would make another stab at it. "That's
what they did and they subvented (EURO)100 of the bill with the so-called water
conservation grant.

"That brings the capped bill to (EURO)260 for a two-adult household and
(EURO)160 for a single-adult home.

"They're short (EURO)240 on the upper end alone, and they will need to bring it
up to (EURO)500 as soon as they can - but the only time they can do that is in
2018.

"I'm saying now in the case of a five-person household it could be up to
(EURO)600 a year, based on what they are at," he added.

Mr Cowen said that among the added costs putting pressure on the government were
the extra workers taken on.

He said: "There are now 700 extra jobs at the utility and 400 more at the call
centres.

"That's 1,100 on top of the existing 4,000 local authority workers already
employed.

"Those costs were not foreseen at the time it was being set up."

@IrishSun-Online

(EURO)172M (EURO)172MEstimated cost of scrapping Irish Water

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Warning ... Cowen

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2015 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             June 1, 2013 Saturday

Ethiopia - Participatory Small-scale Irrigation Development Programme

LENGTH: 242  words


Total cost: US$57.8 million
IFAD loan: US$20.0 million
IFAD grant: US$20.0 million
Duration: 2008-2015
Directly benefiting: 62,000 households
The programme  s goal is to improve the food security, nutrition and incomes of
poor rural households by developing irrigation schemes for small-scale farmers
in four states of Ethiopia. The programme targets poor rural households in
high-density, drought-prone and food-insecure districts of the highlands. Many
of the households cultivate plots of less than 1 hectare. Specific targets
include households headed by women, unemployed youth and landless people. The
programme represents an important opportunity to reform small-scale irrigation
development approaches and practices in Ethiopia. The schemes it developed
provide a model to be scaled up and replicated throughout the country. To ensure
sustainability and the full participation of local community members, farmers
own and manage the irrigation systems through their own water users
associations. The programme also trains participants to take charge of the
development process and encourages women to join the decision-making bodies of
water users   associations. Other objectives are to improve access roads in
areas where there are irrigation systems, and to raise agricultural productivity
by improving farming practices, supporting the establishment of home vegetable
gardens and strengthening agricultural support services.



country :Italy
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2013 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                               February 24, 1998

Boiling row looms over water prices. ;Dewar backing for increases brings
monopoly accusations

BYLINE: Raymond Duncan

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 580 words


WATER prices for the average Scots householder are set to rise by about a third,
a move that has sparked outrage.

The country's water watchdog claimed Scottish Secretary Donald Dewar's
sanctioning of the move by the country's three water authorities showed that
they had effectively commandeered the decision-making process.

Dick Douglas, Scottish Water and Sewerage Customers' Council chairman,
maintained the announcement confirmed the authorities were "none other than
huge, monopolistic price setters with undue influence".

Mr Douglas, who described the decision by Mr Dewar as "absolutely staggering,"
said he had still received no evidence which could justify the price hikes from
April.

"The whole situation borders on farce. All across Scotland, local authorities
are being capped, yet the Scottish Office has now approved price increases which
in some cases will see housholders face 70% rises - 26 times the inflation
rate."

Mr Douglas called for the authorities to be controlled by a rigorous system of
regulation.

In yesterday's announcement, Mr Dewar indicated lower income families were to be
shielded from the full impact of the increases, which will mean the average
Scots household facing a 32% rise or an extra $ 34.84 a year.

This would be done through re-distribution of this year's transitional domestic
sewerage relief grant of $ 30m to favour lower council tax bands. The move will
have the effect of easing the burden for households in Council Tax bands A to C
and putting a heavier load on bands E to H.

The typical Band A household in Scotland will pay an extra $ 20.46 a year (26%)
while a typical Band H household - property worth more than $ 212,000 - will pay
an extra $ 92.65 annually (39%).

Around 500 households in Forth Valley which are in Band H face the biggest rise
- 70% or $ 112.35 a year. The average household in that area can expect to pay
an additional $ 42.74 or 58%.

Mr Dewar said he had approved the authorities' schemes because of his
determination to ensure Scots got the highest quality of clean and safe water.
He recognised that, for some, the increased charges would present difficulties
and therefore had moved to ensure that households in tax bands A -C who received
council tax benefits, would receive increased protection.

"This will be worth nearly $ 5 to the average Band A chargepayer."

Mr Dewar said even with the new charges two of the water authorities would
continue to suffer deficits next year.

The water bodies needed to invest around $ 1.5bn by the Millennium to meet
European standards.

The recent diesel contamination scare in the West of Scotland had brought home
only too painfully, he said, how much society and the economy depended on clean
water and effective sewerage.

The SNP later called on him to stop "acting as a patsy of the water quangos".

And the Scottish Liberal Democrats called the rises unacceptable and
unnecessary.

West of Scotland Water chairman John Jameson said the level of charges it had
set reflected the massive investment being made to maintain and improve
services.

East of Scotland Water said there was an "indisputable" need to upgrade its
existing aged systems and infrastructure.

Chief executive Rod Rennet welcomed the decision to provide help to those on low
incomes.

North of Scotland Water Authority said all the money raised from charges went to
running the service or making improvements for customers.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1998 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                              678 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                             March 29, 2010 Monday
                                 First Edition

Couple unearth an eco way of living in search of the good life;
Helen Turner meets the family in the running to win a national competition
thanks to their ecological bed-and-breakfast

BYLINE: Helen Turner

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 973 words


AN ECOLOGICALLY angelic family in Brecon grow their own food, heat their home
using solar panels - and they haven't had a bath in more than a year.

The ultra-green bed-and-breakfast owners in Boughrood don't just make sure they
live as sustainably as possible, they ensure their guests do too.

A polite sign in the bathroom tells visitors, "because we are trying to conserve
the environment, we would prefer it if you take a shower instead of a bath".

And it comes as no surprise that three years have passed since a guest has dared
to run a bath in the Kelleher household, or that the Brecon couple have been
shortlisted for the national ecological award, Future Friendly.

The competition, a partnership between Energy Saving Trust, Waste Watch and
Waterwise, aims to inspire people to save energy, water and waste.

For Danny Kelleher and his family, their commitment to the environment has been
a 35-year project - years before the term "carbon footprint" even entered our
consciousness.

They have also taken advantage of public grants to help meet the high costs
initially needed for more sustainable energy methods - of which many people are
still unaware.

Essex-born Danny, 69, who moved to Powys 31 years ago with wife Karen, 66, said:
"We've been producing our own food since we arrived, which was the reason we
came here, as there was no way we could afford any land around London.

We were never happy about what we were buying before - we wanted to know what we
were eating.

"We've had a large polytunnel for 20 years in which we grow nearly everything we
eat; carrots, beans, peas, potatoes, as well as melons, aubergines, peppers,
sweetcorn and tomatoes. Other food we buy is sourced locally, such as sausages
from the local butcher, who also has a slaughterhouse where we take our animals
and bring our own meat back.

"We make our own bread, jams and chutneys and use a de-humidifier, which is a
good way of preserving things for the winter. I'll also freeze summer fruits
like redcurrants, raspberries and gooseberries."

Since installing a wood boiler - with help from a grant from a Forestry
Commission grant - the family's heating bills have been cut to pounds 200 a year
compared to their previous annual oil bill of about pounds 1,600.

Unsurprisingly, if they win the competition they will splash out on
energy-saving photovoltaic cells.

Helen Nelson, executive director of Cynnal Cymru-Sustain Wales, said: "The
Kelleher family's green lifestyle is not only saving them money, reducing their
environmental impact and supporting the local economy but making them and their
business more resilient to increased energy and food costs too."

Peter Davies, Commissioner for Wales on the Sustainable Development Commission,
said: "We have a housing stock that is not very energy efficient and in rural
housing, the network of the gas grid is very expensive. As fuel costs rise and
incomes in many parts of Wales are low, it's a nasty mix. We have to ensure
energy efficiency in homes as a priority and investment in the skills of the
local workforce to provide it."

Helen Northmore, head of Energy Saving Trust Wales, said: "Households across
Wales are wasting considerable amounts of money every year through
poorlyinsulated homes. I would encourage anyone looking to insulate their home
or generate their own energy to call the Wales Energy Saving Trust advice centre
for impartial advice and access to grants and offers."

To vote for finalist Danny Kelleher in the Future Friendly Awards, please visit
http://www.futurefriendly.

co.uk/awards/entries/danny-kelleher/ Government initiatives could make renewable
home energy more attractive to homeowners Tobi Kellner, information officer for
the Centre for Alternative Technology, said that despite the apparent high
start-up cost of investing in renewable home energy, two new government
initiatives could make it more attractive to homeowners.

The Feed-in Tariff scheme starting in April will see homeowners receive a
payment for every unit of electricity produced from renewable sources.

Mr Kellner said: "For example, if the Kellehers install a PV roof which costs
around pounds 15,000, they can expect electricity savings and Feed-in Tariff
payments of a total of around pounds 1,000 every year.

"The other exciting scheme is the Renewable Heat Incentive. Based on the current
government proposal, if the Kellehers were to install a wood boiler system
today, they could expect payments of roughly pounds 1,000 every year for 15
years - not a bad deal, especially as gas and oil prices are likely to go up in
the future."

Solar panels, costing between pounds 2,000 and pounds 5,000, can produce 60% of
hot water for a household.

Tobi added: "Under the current proposal, the Renewable Heat Incentive will pay
around pounds 400 per year for installing such a system - and that is in
addition to fuel savings of around pounds 60 (for gas, more for oil or
electricity) for a typical family."

Other money-saving and energy-saving ideas include cutting up to pounds 115 a
year on fuel bills through cavity wall insulation and pounds 150 a year for loft
insulation.

Installation costs may vary depending on grants available in different areas,
although some households are eligible for free loft insulation and fitting.

The Welsh boiler scrappage scheme is open to over 60s across Wales who have an
inefficient (G rated) boiler. Eligible applicants will receive a pounds 500
voucher towards the costs of replacement, from April 1. And for generating
energy from renewable sources, grants are available for up to pounds 2,500 per
property, for: Solar thermal hot water, ground source heat pumps, air source
heat pumps and wood fuelled heating (Biomass).

For further advice, call the Energy Saving Trust on 0800 512 012 or visit
energysavingtrust.org.uk.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  EC0-MISSION: Far left, husband-and-wife team Danny and Karen Kelleher,
above, some of their home-grown carrots and left, their bed-and-breakfast in
Boughrood

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: wm


                    Copyright 2010 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                      April 26, 2004 Monday Final Edition

Water crisis relief in sight for Nimmitabel

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 344 words


THE water shortage crisis in Nimmitabel should be eased in the short-term at
least by the approval last week of funding to connect a new bore.Country Labor
Member for Monaro Steve Whan announced that the NSW Government had approved
funding of an additional $62,000 for emergency drought relief works.This brings
to $112,000 the amount provided by the Government to the Cooma-Monaro Shire
Council, half the amount required to develop the new bore and connect it to
Nimmitabel's water supply system. The council will pay for the other half.The
new bore is expected to be connected at the end of this week, meaning residents
will no longer have to boil water for household use.Last week, the Sunday Times
reported on the water crisis in Nimmitabel,a town of about 300 people on the
Snowy Mountains Highway 36km south of Cooma.Residents were angered by the lack
of a permanent, reliable water source for the town, which meant they faced
severe restrictions whenever the area was in drought.In December 2003
Nimmitabel's main water source, the McLaughlin River, stopped flowing, leaving
the town reliant on water from bores.Households have faced tough water
restrictions since February and about 10 days ago residents were advised to boil
their drinking water.Late last week, the council started trucking water for
household use from Cooma. Previously, only water for garden use had been brought
in by truck.Mr Whan said the funding would ensure a more secure drinking water
supply as water would pass through a chlorination system before being pumped to
households. He admitted the bore was only a supplementary measure, but said that
in the short-term there were no other options. "This grant is not going to solve
all the problems, but it's certainlygoing to help," he said.The council is also
investigating the feasibility of a pipeline to transport water to Nimmitabel.
Installing rainwatertanks is another option being considered, but one that has
left many residents frustrated. They were advised some years ago to remove their
rainwater tanks.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2004 The Federal Capital Press of Australia Pty
                                    Limited


                              680 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                      April 26, 2004 Monday Final Edition

Water crisis relief in sight for Nimmitabel

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 344 words


THE water shortage crisis in Nimmitabel should be eased in the short-term at
least by the approval last week of funding to connect a new bore.Country Labor
Member for Monaro Steve Whan announced that the NSW Government had approved
funding of an additional $62,000 for emergency drought relief works.This brings
to $112,000 the amount provided by the Government to the Cooma-Monaro Shire
Council, half the amount required to develop the new bore and connect it to
Nimmitabel's water supply system. The council will pay for the other half.The
new bore is expected to be connected at the end of this week, meaning residents
will no longer have to boil water for household use.Last week, the Sunday Times
reported on the water crisis in Nimmitabel,a town of about 300 people on the
Snowy Mountains Highway 36km south of Cooma.Residents were angered by the lack
of a permanent, reliable water source for the town, which meant they faced
severe restrictions whenever the area was in drought.In December 2003
Nimmitabel's main water source, the McLaughlin River, stopped flowing, leaving
the town reliant on water from bores.Households have faced tough water
restrictions since February and about 10 days ago residents were advised to boil
their drinking water.Late last week, the council started trucking water for
household use from Cooma. Previously, only water for garden use had been brought
in by truck.Mr Whan said the funding would ensure a more secure drinking water
supply as water would pass through a chlorination system before being pumped to
households. He admitted the bore was only a supplementary measure, but said that
in the short-term there were no other options. "This grant is not going to solve
all the problems, but it's certainlygoing to help," he said.The council is also
investigating the feasibility of a pipeline to transport water to Nimmitabel.
Installing rainwatertanks is another option being considered, but one that has
left many residents frustrated. They were advised some years ago to remove their
rainwater tanks.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2004 The Federal Capital Press of Australia Pty
                                    Limited


                              681 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Times (South Africa)

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

SA no place for a child

BYLINE: Philani Nombembe

SECTION: SOCIAL ISSUES

LENGTH: 414 words


58% of kids born into poverty and with little chance of escaping it
 SOUTH Africa is not a good place to be a child.
 Despite the strides the country has made in widening access to education, few
children will grow up to be prosperous adults.


 According to the SA Child Gauge report released by the University of Cape
Town's Children's Institute yesterday, 58% of children under the age of nine
live below the poverty line - in households that have an income of less than
R604 per adult a month.
 Malnutrition has stunted the growth of more than 25% of children under the age
of three.
 At junior school, one in six children travels a long distance to school, and at
high school the situation is even worse - with one in five pupils travelling
long distances.
 An estimated 24% of children travel long distances in search of healthcare and
14% go hungry.
 The statistics highlight the wide wealth gap that continues to exist almost 20
years after South African democracy was established.
 Experts warn that poverty in childhood will have dire consequences for the
future.
 Lizette Berry, a senior researcher at the Children's Institute, said the
unequal society in which children grow up threatens their development and will
have a long-term adverse effect on the country.
 "Poverty effects children's health and nutritional status," said Berry.
 "The quality of nutrition in the early years affects brain development,
intelligence, schooling outcomes and economic productivity in adulthood.
 "Education outcomes are poor, a tell-tale sign that many young children are
ill-prepared for formal schooling and a pointer to the challenges in the
education system."
 There were 18.5million children in South Africa in 2011, 20% of whom were
orphans, 24% of whom did not live with their biological parents and 0.4% of whom
lived in child-headed households.
 The report said that an estimated 53% of children live in urban areas, 74% in
formal housing and 21% in overcrowded households.
 Two-thirds of the child population have access to drinking water and 69% have
access to sanitation. But not all is lost.
 According to Minister of Social Development Bathabile Dlamini, about 900000
children have benefited from the government's Early Childhood Development
programme.
 By March, 11million children had benefited from child-support grants, more than
500000 from foster-child grants and 120000 from care-dependency grants.
 South Africa's school attendance rate has increased over the years to 97%.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Times


                         Copyright 2013 AVUSA Media LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Times (South Africa)

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

SA no place for a child

BYLINE: Philani Nombembe

SECTION: SOCIAL ISSUES

LENGTH: 414 words


58% of kids born into poverty and with little chance of escaping it
 SOUTH Africa is not a good place to be a child.
 Despite the strides the country has made in widening access to education, few
children will grow up to be prosperous adults.


 According to the SA Child Gauge report released by the University of Cape
Town's Children's Institute yesterday, 58% of children under the age of nine
live below the poverty line - in households that have an income of less than
R604 per adult a month.
 Malnutrition has stunted the growth of more than 25% of children under the age
of three.
 At junior school, one in six children travels a long distance to school, and at
high school the situation is even worse - with one in five pupils travelling
long distances.
 An estimated 24% of children travel long distances in search of healthcare and
14% go hungry.
 The statistics highlight the wide wealth gap that continues to exist almost 20
years after South African democracy was established.
 Experts warn that poverty in childhood will have dire consequences for the
future.
 Lizette Berry, a senior researcher at the Children's Institute, said the
unequal society in which children grow up threatens their development and will
have a long-term adverse effect on the country.
 "Poverty effects children's health and nutritional status," said Berry.
 "The quality of nutrition in the early years affects brain development,
intelligence, schooling outcomes and economic productivity in adulthood.
 "Education outcomes are poor, a tell-tale sign that many young children are
ill-prepared for formal schooling and a pointer to the challenges in the
education system."
 There were 18.5million children in South Africa in 2011, 20% of whom were
orphans, 24% of whom did not live with their biological parents and 0.4% of whom
lived in child-headed households.
 The report said that an estimated 53% of children live in urban areas, 74% in
formal housing and 21% in overcrowded households.
 Two-thirds of the child population have access to drinking water and 69% have
access to sanitation. But not all is lost.
 According to Minister of Social Development Bathabile Dlamini, about 900000
children have benefited from the government's Early Childhood Development
programme.
 By March, 11million children had benefited from child-support grants, more than
500000 from foster-child grants and 120000 from care-dependency grants.
 South Africa's school attendance rate has increased over the years to 97%.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Times


                         Copyright 2013 AVUSA Media LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Weekly Times Messenger (Australia)

                            June 24, 2009 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

A vote of tanks Coastal residents to buy tanks in bulk

BYLINE: By HEATHER KENNETT and MICHELLE ETHERIDGE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 379 words


A GROUP of enterprising coastal residents is aiming to get at least 100 of its
neighbours signed up for new rainwater tanks.

The Semaphore residents aim to take advantage of the $1500 rainwater tank
government rebates, after creating the state's first Solar Neighbourhood earlier
this year, with 175 panel systems installed.

The state's first group purchase of solar panels, costing nearly $2 million, saw
175 local households sign up within a 7km radius around Semaphore, including
Ethelton, Largs Bay and Grange.

``The plan is similar - we aim to purchase 3000 litre slimline water tanks
fitted with a low energy consumption water pump, which should be able to fit
down any yard or driveway,'' co-organiser Brad Page said.

Dr Page said the group already had more than 30 solar participants who had
expressed interest in rainwater tanks.

The scheme, using $1000 state and $500 federal grants to pay for the tanks,
would be open to all residents who lived between Henley Beach, bordered by
Henley Beach Rd and Tapleys Hill Rd, and the top of the LeFevre Peninsula.

``If the installation is relatively simple, (the grants) will cover it 100 per
cent,'' Dr Page said.

He said The LeFevre Solar Neighbourhood, which the group originally intended to
extend south to Grange Rd, also had received interest in Henley Beach.

Dr Page hoped the plan would be even more popular in coastal suburbs such as
Grange, Henley Beach and Seaton, as the government grant scheme for tanks was
not income means-tested.

``One of the benefits of living by the coast in Henley or Grange is that all the
rain . . . is as pure as rainwater that might fall in the wilds of Tasmania,''
he said.

``Whether you the water in the garden, flush the toilet or drink it, it's
perfectly suitable for all those uses.''

The LeFevre Solar Neighbourhood group, which also included Tim Edkins, Natasha
Piltz and Jane McKenzie, attracted enough participants for households to save
about $2500 apiece.

They predicted the solar panels would generate around 292 megawatts of energy
per year, most of which would be returned to the state's power grid, cutting
their total amount of carbon emissions by 348 tonnes annually.

*

For more details or to register your interest in the bulk purchase of rainwater
tanks contact bradpage@malpage.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MWT


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             April 12, 2015 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Courts 'can't cope' with water cases;
Water cases 'would overwhelm courts'

BYLINE: John Mooney

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1,2

LENGTH: 696 words


THE Courts Service has warned the Department of the Environment that pursuing
householders who do not pay their water charges through the courts would place
an "excessive burden" on the system, which is already "overstretched".

While the first water bills arrived last week, the department is still trying to
devise a mechanism to pursue those who refuse to pay. About 500,000 householders
have yet to register with Irish Water.

Alan Kelly's department is considering whether it is feasible to allow Irish
Water to secure court orders to deduct charges of those who decline to pay their
bills by using an attachment order on their pay packets.

The possibility of Irish Water using the small claims courts was also
considered. This option is considered highly unlikely as it would require a
change to primary legislation because debts are currently excluded from the
remit of the small claims court.

A memo outlining the Courts Service's concern about the "recovery" proposals has
been circulated to government departments following a meeting with officials
from the Department of the Environment at which the issue was discussed.

According to sources involved in the process, the department was told the courts
system was already overstretched and would be adversely impacted if used to
pursue water defaulters.

Last night a spokesman for Kelly said: "It would be quite normal and good
practice for government departments to consult other state bodies on the
practical implications of any proposals prior to a www.decision.No decision has
been taken by government on further compliance measures." The collection of
water charges is seen as the most contentious issue facing the government in the
run-up to the general election. Brian Stanley, the Sinn Fein spokesman on the
environment, said householders now think nothing will happen if they refuse to
pay.

"A lot of people are beginning to realise the government cannot collect the
water charge fees if they don't pay them. It's a shambles," he said. "The
district courts are already clogged up and the situation is likely to
deteriorate as the number of house repossessions increase. The court lists are
full. How would the system cope if Irish Water is forced to pursue 500,000
claims through the courts?" Fianna Fail said Kelly needs to explain how he plans
to use the court to recover money if he has been told the courts could be
clogged up.

"Minister Kelly should clarify exactly what the government plan is for people
who choose not to pay," said Barry Cowen, the Fianna Fail spokesman on the
environment. "Irish Water has indicated that upwards of 500,000 people are yet
to register for water charges or have indicated they will not pay them. The
Courts Service has said the court system simply lacks the resources necessary to
deal with that many cases.

"Minister Kelly has continued to insist the arrangements he is proposing will
act as a deterrent for those who don't want to pay. This clearly will not be the
case, judging by Continued on page 2 uu these latest developments."

Irish Water plans to impose a (EURO)60 fine on houses with two adults if four
successive bills are not paid. The annual cost of water for a house with two
adults is (EURO)260 or (EURO)160 after payment of a (EURO)100 grant.

Single-adult households will be fined (EURO)30 if four bills, totalling
(EURO)160 a year (before the grant), are not paid.

The government has been previously informed that the Courts Services is
struggling to cope with its normal workload.

Susan Denham, the chief justice and chairwoman of the Courts Service board, last
year complained to taoiseach Enda Kenny about the lack of resources. She pointed
out that since 2008, there had been a (EURO)41m (41%) cut in the service's
budget and the share of gross exchequer funding for the courts had dropped from
0.28% in 2001 to 0.19% in 2014.

Irish Water is planning to send out about 1.7m bills before early June to all
households.

About 1,200 anti-water charge campaigners staged a rally in Cork yesterday,
which was addressed by Joe Higgins, a Socialist party TD. He called on the anti-
water charge movement to run election candidates in every Dail constituency.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                       November 17, 1994, Thursday, ZONE

Businesses solicit aid for charity

SECTION: SCARBOROUGH/DURHAM; Pg. SD1

LENGTH: 355 words


   Do you know where your donations of household items go?

Legitimate charities are noticing an increasing number of for-profit
organizations soliciting used household items for charity, says Jill Kehoe of
Goodwill Industries.

She says these businesses exist because some charitable organizations lend their
name to the for-profit company under a royalty agreement. Donors are rarely told
that only a small portion of their donation goes to charity.

Kehoe says it isn't illegal, but may be misleading.

"They drain resources that could be applied to job-training and rehabilitation
programs for people who face barriers to employment in our community," Kehoe
says.

Students paid while at college

Up to 75 high school graduates between the ages of 18 and 24 will have the
opportunity to be paid as they train as environmental technicians at
Scarborough's Centennial College.

It's part of a new federal program designed for students who have not had a
chance to attend post-secondary institutions.

They will be trained as skilled technicians to do such tasks as water, air and
soil sampling, environmental audits and waste water treatment.

Applications for the course can be obtained by calling the college at
416-698-4172. The course begins Jan. 9.

Grant awarded for community work

The Canadian Jamaican Club of Oshawa has received $200,00 in provincial funding
guarantees for a new community investment share corporation.

Under the program, the Jamaican Club will raise money from people in the
community who want to reinvest in their community. The province will guarantee
the investments up to a maximum of $200,000.

The Jamaican Club plans to use the money to help new and existing businesses
that have good ideas but traditionally have found it hard to raise capital.

INSIDE

* Entertainment, SD4

* Community events, SD4

* Sports, SD6

QUOTABLE

Now that the election is over I hope we can all put our heads down and work
together for the common good of the municipality.

Whitby Mayor Tom Edwards

who was elected to another three-year term in Monday's municipal election.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              686 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                            October 28, 2008 Tuesday
                                   e1 Edition

municipal funds top-up

BYLINE: ENVIRONMENT WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 534 words


THE provincial government has given R180 million to municipalities in the
Western Cape to help pay for the urgently needed upgrade of infrastructure,
particularly for water purification, stormwater management and the treatment of
sewage.

The City of Cape Town will get the largest chunk, R87m, and the rest will be
spread among municipalities throughout the province.

The move has been welcomed by the "greens" and the "browns" - those pushing for
action to address problems such as waste management and air and water pollution.

There have been increasing occurrences of sewage in rivers, because investment
in waste-water treatment infrastructure nationally has not kept pace with
population and urban growth.

Local Government, Environmental Affairs and Development Planning MEC Pierre Uys
said the R180m was part of the Municipal Infrastructure Grant, from the national
Treasury, to supplement municipal funding.

The total grant for the province was R520m for this financial year.

Of the city's R87m, R34.6m will be spent on phase two of the Fisantekraal bulk-
water sewer, and R29.6m on improving facilities at the Athlone waste water
treatment plant. A new sludge dewatering facility will be built at Athlone, a
disinfection facility and odour-control facility. The city has allocated R53.6m
for the Athlone upgrade.

The upgrade at Athlone will benefit 25 460 households, from Maitland through
Rondebosch to Langa. The Fisantekraal upgrade will benefit 35 000 poor
households in the area. The city will contribute R45.6m.

Other projects include R1m to be spent on stormwater drainage in Beaufort West;
R7.5m on sewerage works in McGregor; R2.6m to upgrade the main sewer outfall in
Kayamnandi; R15.5m to upgrade the sewerage works in Swellendam, and R3.1m to
upgrade the sewerage works in Paternoster.

In Imizamo Yethu, R3m will be spent on the rehabilitation of Mandela Drive, and
R10.9m and R7m will go to improving sports complexes in Parkwood and Seawinds
respectively.

Jo Barnes, of the University of Stellenbosch's Medical School, who has been an
outspoken critic of the lack of investment in sewerage works and the resultant
pollution of rivers, said yesterday: "I'm delighted and the authorities are to
be congratulated. It's not a popular thing for politicians to vote money to
sewerage infrastructure, but the situation has become a crisis, with the health
of people threatened as well as our export fruit market, so they are having to
do something.

"Every rand spent on on upgrading sewerage infrastructure will be well spent."

Barnes has found high levels of pathogens in rivers used by some farmers to
irrigate their crops. This has raised concerns about the effect this may have on
the export fruit market, particularly to the European Union.

Patrick Dowling of the Wildlife and Environment Society of SA said: "It's
definitely a move in the right direction. I hope it is the start of a trend for
local and provincial governments to sustain the development, which has already
happened, and also to ensure that when they approve new developments that these
do not put stress on already stressed systems.

"There will be a lot of support from both the greens and the browns in this."

melanie.gosling@inl.co.za

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 6, 2014 Thursday

Pomeroy receives ARC grant for water project

BYLINE: Sarah Hawley, The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 394 words


March 06--POMEROY -- The Appalachian Regional Commission recently announced the
awarding of a $200,000 grant to improve the water systems in the Village of
Pomeroy.

U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, announced the funds had been awarded to the
Ohio Environmental Protection Agency/village of Pomeroy for the Pomeroy Water
System Improvements project. The project will provide improved water service to
701 households and 123 businesses.

"Ohio's rural communities and small towns face a heavy burden when financing
infrastructure projects," Brown said. "This improvement project will provide
residents and businesses with a modern water system that improves water quality
and encourages investment in the village of Pomeroy."

Pomeroy Mayor Jackie Welker said the grant will fund a portion of the project to
be completed later this year in the village. He estimated work to begin as early
as June, with bids to potentially be advertised in May.

Improvements as part of the project will include upgrades to the water treatment
plant and booster stations, and repairs and replacements to storage facilities
and waterlines. Upgrades at the treatment plant will include work on the wells
and filters. These improvements will provide an additional 200,000 gallons of
water per day to the current system.

The project will include the replacement of water lines on Butternut Avenue,
Mulberry Avenue and the downtown area. Some sewer line work will also be
completed. The total project is estimated at $1 million -- much of which will be
grant funded, according to Welker. There will still be a local match, although
that amount is not known for sure at this time.

Paving and sidewalk improvements also will be completed in the downtown area.
The project does not include funds to replace or repair parking meters which
have been the topic of much discussion at recent village council meetings.

Brown is working to help communities around Ohio struggling to afford costly but
necessary renovations to sewer systems. Last year, he introduced the Clean Water
Affordability Act to help communities make renovations to outdated sewer systems
, while improving water quality and keeping rates affordable for residents and
small business.

___ (c)2014 The Daily Sentinel (Pomeroy, Ohio) Visit The Daily Sentinel
(Pomeroy, Ohio) at www.mydailysentinel.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140306-UO-Pomeroy-receives-ARC-grant-for-water-project-0306-20140306

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UO


                Copyright 2014 The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio


                              688 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

USPTO grants trade mark "RADICAL POLYMERS" to Radical Polymers LLC (TENNESSEE)

LENGTH: 378  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


Radical Polymers LLC (TENNESSEE), has been granted trademark (4638449) titled as
"RADICAL POLYMERS" from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 001. US 001 005 006 010 026 046. G & S: Chemical additives for
drilling muds; Chemical agents for chelating and sequestering; Chemical
preparations for use in soil remediation, drinking water treatment, municipal
and industrial wastewater treatment; Chemical solutions in the nature of
multimetal corrosion and scale inhibitor treatments for hydronic heating and
cooling systems; Chemical thickeners for use in the manufacture of paper,
household and personal care products, water treatment products; Chemicals for
industrial purposes; Chemicals for the treatment of cooling water systems;
Chemicals for the treatment of water and wastewater; Chemicals for use in
purification of water; Chemicals for use in purifying water; Chemicals for use
in the field of oil exploration and production; Chemicals used in oil drilling;
Chemicals used in the manufacture of paper; Chemicals, namely, rheology
modifiers for use in the field of coating materials; Industrial chemicals;
Phosphates for potable water treatment; Polymers and polymeric additives for use
in the manufacture of industrial products, consumer and household products,
sealants, and automotive fluids; Polymers and polymeric additives for use in the
manufacture of pharmaceutical preparations, medical devices, plastics,
cosmetics, personal care products, coatings, adhesives, and lubricants; Polymers
and polymeric additives for use in the manufacture of pharmaceutical
preparations, plastics, cosmetics, personal care products, coatings, adhesives,
and lubricants; Polymers, biopolymers, polymeric additives and biopolymeric
additives for use in the manufacture of industrial products, consumer and
household products, sealants or packaging; Specialty chemicals, namely, chemical
additives for general industrial use in the manufacture of a wide variety of
goods; Waste water treatment chemicals for industrial use. Water purifying
chemicals for swimming pools; Water softening chemicals; Water treatment
chemicals for use in swimming pools and spas; Water treatment chemicals, namely,
sizing agents. FIRST USE: 20140625.

Filing

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 16, 2008 Monday

City, county get $1.9M for water projects

BYLINE: Kevin Spradlin, Cumberland Times News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 456 words


Jun. 16--CUMBERLAND -- The Maryland Board of Public Works approved a $1 million
new grant to Cumberland to upgrade the city's water supply.

The grant was just one of four awarded Wednesday to projects across the county
totaling $1.9 million. Frostburg is to get $650,443 to upgrade the combined
sewer system and $148,000 will go toward providing dependable drinking water to
approximately 150 households and businesses in Bowman's Addition.

Also, Clarysville is to get $100,000 to provide a safe and reliable source of
drinking water by connecting residents and businesses to the Eckhart water
system.

Paul Kahl, deputy director of public works for Allegany County, has said several
times in the past seven months that funding for the first phase of the Bowman's
Addition project is a "No. 1 priority."

Most of the Bowman's Addition customers are either connected to wells or a
system provided by a private water company that offers little maintenance,
according to the Maryland Department of the Environment. This project will
connect the area to the city of Cumberland's water distribution system. The
total cost is expected to be about $3.1 million.

Cumberland's grant of $1,060,521 involves the replacement of the existing
Ridgedale Reservoir. The reservoir, built in 1917, is to receive a new concrete
tank. The cover and liner of the tank are in a "deteriorated condition,"
according to MDE. Additionally, the hydraulic grade line of the reservoir is too
low and causes "operational difficulties."

The project also includes replacing the outflow metering system, the adjacent
booster station and other related systems that serve the reservoir.

The board, which is comprised of Gov. Martin O'Malley, Treasurer Nancy Kopp and
Comptroller Peter Franchot, awarded the grant to the Frostburg combined sewer
system project as part of the city's long-term control plan for eliminating
combined sewer overflows.

Improvements will be made to the existing sanitary and combined sewer
infrastructure. The project includes the planning, design and construction of
supplemental gravity and pressure and sewers, replacement and rehabilitation of
sewer lines, upgrades to existing pumping stations and other related
improvements to prevent the occurrence of combined sewer overflows.

Contact Kevin Spradlin at kspradlin@times-news.com

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Cumberland Times News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080616-UM-City-county-get-1.9M-for-water-projects-0616

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                                 Copyright 2008


                              690 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Argus (Ireland)

                               December 26, 2012

Grants for septic tanks and waste water welcomed

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 408 words


FINE GAEL TD Peter Fitzpatrick, for Louth, has welcomed the announcement by the
Minster for the Environment, Phil Hogan TD, that a grant scheme is being
established to provide financial assistance to householders who need to upgrade
their septic tanks or waste water treatment systems.

'Septic tank inspections are due to get underway in the New Year, and this
announcement that grants are to be made available for remedial works will
provide extra reassurance to householders. Despite consistent scaremongering
from Fianna Fáil and others about the cost of repairs, the reality is that the
vast majority of septic tanks will pass inspections. But for the minority of
those that do require remedial works, this grant will be of great assistance.

'Grants of up to EUR4,000 will be made available to householders who need to
upgrade their treatment systems. This will go a considerable way to ensuring
that the remedial works will not place undue financial pressure on the
householders involved. Domestic tanks and other waste water systems should be
registered by February 1st next; and it is important to add that only
householders who register their systems will be eligible for a grant.

' The majority of septic tanks are working well, but those that aren't pose a
threat to our drinking water supplies. Ensuring we have effective waste water
treatment systems is essential for the environment and for our economy.
Protecting groundwater is not only important for local communities; having a
reliable water supply is crucial when trying to attract high value industries
such as pharmaceuticals and ICT.

'Minister Hogan gave a commitment last year to introduce a grant scheme for
septic tank owners. Today's announcement will be of particular benefit to lower
income families. Households with an income of less than EUR50,000 will be able
to apply for up to 80% of the cost of remedial works.

'People living in rural areas fully understand the importance of protecting our
water supplies.

' This new inspection regime will not only enhance our water supplies, it will
have a positive effect on the tourism, recreation, agricultural and
food-producing sectors, all of which rely on clean water.

'If you have not yet registered your septic tank, you can go to
www.ProtectOurWater.ie. More than 290,000 have already registered their systems,
and I would encourage any householders in Louth who have not done so, to
register their tank without delay.'

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                                 June 21, 2005

'A storeroom of diseases'

LENGTH: 1428 words



HIGHLIGHT: Issues surrounding water are central to achieving the UN millennium
goals. Jeevan Vasagar visited Ethiopia, one of the poorest countries in Africa,
to see how a scarcity of clean water affects the people of Addis Ababa.


Ethiopians like to look spic and span. Whether in western suits or traditional
white cotton shawls, their clothing is kept spotless.

The same cannot be said for the sprawling slums of Addis Ababa. In just over a
century, Ethiopia's capital has grown from a royal village founded by an African
queen to a metropolis of over 3 million people. The poorest, most densely
populated quarters of the city have expanded too rapidly, and with too little
planning, for basic services to keep pace.

Rahima Abagado does her best to keep her children clean, but for years she
fought a losing battle. On the other side of her living-room wall was the
neighbourhood's communal latrine.

"This is where the children used to sleep," Abagado says, pointing to mats on
the floor by the wall. The blue, plastered wall looks cracked and weak, and
there is a faint, dank smell. "The latrine used to fill with water. It used to
smell from underneath. There would be water running off into the street. The
wall was soggy and we were worried that it would collapse."

Abagado, a grandmother in her 60s, lives in the tightly packed quarter of Tekle
Haymonot, in a two-room shack of mud, plaster and rusting iron sheets. Outside
on the cobbled street, chickens peck at the dirt, cats wander between the houses
and children play. The children are forbidden to use the communal latrines, for
fear that they will fall in. The latrines are wooden huts, built over vast, dark
pits, with shaky wooden slats to stand on. There are buzzing clouds of flies
circling the holes.

"Addis is a storeroom of diseases," said Bedria Ahmedin, 40, a mother of six.
"People have to go to the toilet and that exposes us to diseases. We try to keep
the area outside the toilet clean, but children touch things, put things in
their mouth."

Poor sanitation has deadly consequences. There is increased susceptibility to
water-borne diseases such as diarrhoea and dysentry, as well as the eye
infection trachoma and scabies, a skin infection.

In countries such as Ethiopia, diarrhoea is not just a nuisance; it accounts for
46% of mortality among children under five. For people living with HIV, lack of
sanitation creates further problems. Wubiye Bekele, a 28-year-old woman who
found out she had the virus two years ago, says: "I've had TB, skin problems,
and swellings of my lymph glands.

"We used to have just a pit latrine, but then it burned down. So I either have
to ask the neighbours or use a night potty, and dump it in an open sewer. While
I had TB I had diarrhoea and had to go to the toilet a lot more. I need more
water for washing myself, and also for drinking."

Ethiopia has some of the lowest levels of sanitation in the world. Only a tiny
fraction of the population in Addis Ababa, just 3%, have flushing toilets linked
to the sewer system.

There are a variety of alternatives; for nearly a quarter of the city's people,
the solution lies in the streams running through poor areas, which have been
turned into open sewers.

Others use pit latrines, of the old-fashioned, hazardous and filthy variety, or
sometimes a safer, modern version built by an aid agency. If they have enough
money to build one, some have their own septic tanks at home.

"The bulk of the population in Addis is not in a position to pay for such
.sanitation. services," says Mesfin Tegene, Ethiopia's deputy minister for water
resources.

"Addis has a population of 3 million-plus. The great majority of the population
lives in poverty so a few people, a small percentage of this population, can
afford to pay for such services."

Sanitation is a Cinderella service. Everyone knows they need water, and even the
poorest are prepared to pay for it.

But the costs of poor sanitation - the increased risk of disease and the
environmental damage - fall more heavily on society as a whole than on the
individual. So few poor people are prepared to pay.

"The impact of bad sanitation is more long-term," says Abebe Belete, deputy
general manager of Addis Ababa Water and Sewerage Authority. "The pollution for
example, from liquid waste disposal, pollutes the environment in general, the
soil, the vegetation. But there is a natural process - the ecosystem tries to
recover itself, you many not notice the immediate effect.

"People think more about getting food or water, rather than considering .that.
their child is going to be affected or .how. it's going to cause other
detrimental effects for the next generation to come."

Even with the public and political will to build a better system, there are big
practical challenges. First, a sewer system requires flushing toilets, because
the waste is flushed through the system with water. And that requires plentiful
access to water. The second difficulty is the expense of building the sewer
lines themselves. The system depends on gravity rather than pumping, so the
sewer lines do not necessarily take the shortest route.

"Because of gravitational flow, the system has to be very perfect," Mr Belete
says. "It may take a longer time to deliver it to the treatment centre.

"In flat areas we have to pump, and pumping is very expensive, because it has to
handle solids combined with liquid, that makes it more expensive compared to the
water supply."

The parts required for engineering work are imported either from Europe or the
far east, increasing the expense.

The doubling of aid could clearly make a difference here. The levels of aid
going into Ethiopia now are low by comparison with other sub-Saharan African
nations: in 2001, it was $16 per person, compared with $33 in Burkina Faso.

But there are delays in spending the aid money that is already coming in.
According to the British charity WaterAid: "In the water sector, these delays
arise from lengthy tender procedures and even repeated losses of paperwork."

Spending can be poorly coordinated, WaterAid says. Some donors prefer to spend
their money directly at regional level, rather than going through a ministry,
but this can mean that an equivalent amount is simply deducted from that
region's central government grant.

The way that some donors choose to spend their aid money can cause further
problems. Some aid grants are hedged about with conditions that require the
Ethiopian authorities to hire consultants and contractors from the donor
country.

Mr Belete says: "Their companies build up their own overhead costs, pay
expatriate salaries. Sometimes the amount of money required for a project may be
more than double our assessment."

The excess has to be found from Ethiopia's public coffers.

"In some cases .aid. is beneficial," Mr Belete says. "But in some cases it can
take more money from us, and we do not benefit from the grant."

Making Addis cleaner and healthier is not always a question of vast projects
requiring millions of aid dollars. A far more small-scale initiative is making a
big difference in Tekle Haymonot. Every morning, just after dawn, gangs of women
and men dressed in long gowns and face masks go out to collect household rubbish
- a mix of ash from cooking fires, vegetable peel, bones and chewed up qat
leaves which might once have been tossed into a river or dumped in a street
corner.

Households pay a small fee, between two and four Ethiopian birr .12p-25p. a
month. The narrow streets, where women wash their clothes in steel drums and
dogs sun themselves on the steps of houses, are largely clear of rubbish now.

Asnaku Mamo, 35, a mother of two, says: "There have been lots of changes. Our
children get sick less often, and there is more of a sense of cleanliness in our
environment. Everybody used to leave their rubbish out. It was unsanitary and
unhealthy. Everybody knew this and did nothing about it.

"We're not spending so much money on medication. You had to spend 100 birr
taking a child to the doctors, compared with spending a few minutes a day or a
few minutes a week to clean in the environment."

As well as collections of household rubbish, there is a communal clean-up of the
streets every Saturday morning. Each household is responsible for clearing the
space outside their front door.

Some people fail to pull their weight, though others have been spurred to
display signs of new-found communal pride; there are tiny box gardens by the
doors of some houses.

Zehara Bashir, 38, one of the rubbish collectors, says: "There are changes
coming, really good changes, but some people just chuck rubbish in the river and
that undermines everything. People say, 'Why do I bother paying? Why don't I
just chuck things in the river as well? ' It's important that everybody does it.
Otherwise we still have a problem."

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright  2005 Guardian Unlimited (© Guardian Newspapers Limited)
                              All rights reserved


                              692 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                             May 14, 2008 Wednesday
                                 1 - WP Edition

Green loans for 200,000 homes

BYLINE: Peter Jean

SECTION: BUDGETWRAP; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 396  words


UP to 200,000 households could be eligible for low-interest loans of up to
$10,000 to make their homes more environmentally friendly.

The green loans are part of the Budget's $3.8 billion climate change, water and
environment package.

Money from the green loans can be spent on solar panels, rainwater tanks,
greywater recycling systems, insulation, shading devices, solar and gas hot
water systems and energy efficient lighting.

``These loans will set Australian households on a long term path to
sustainability, with minimal red tape,'' Environment Minister Peter Garrett
said.

The loans will become available early next year and the scheme will run for five
years. Families will have to pay back a minimum of $300 a year.

Households will also be able to get rebates of up to $500 on the cost of
rainwater tanks and 300 surf lifesaving clubs will be eligible for water
efficiency grants of up to $10,000.

Landlords will be eligible for rebates of up to $500 to install insulation in
rental properties.

Up to 9000 schools will get up to $50,000 for solar power systems and to improve
energy and water efficiency.

Households earning more than $100,000, however, won't be eligible for $8000
solar panel rebates.

The Government will also introduce an energy efficiency labelling scheme for
electrical appliances and increase the number of products which must meet
greenhouse and energy standards.

A $250 million program will encourage households to recycle rainwater and
greywater.

Another $254.8 million will go to making city buildings and roads more water
smart.

Programs will include $20 million for water recycling in Geelong and $10 million
for a recycled water plant in Torquay and Armstrong Creek.

Climate Change and Water Minister Senator Penny Wong said: ``National leadership
is required to respond to this crucial challenge, and the Rudd Government is
providing that leadership by supporting Australian cities as they seek to
diversify their water supplies,'' she said.

The Budget includes $1.7 billion for developing renewable energy and clean coal.

There will also be $260 million to help businesses reduce their impact on the
environment and $150 million to help Australia's neighbours prepare for the
impacts of climate change.

ENVIRONMENT

Low-interest loans of up to $10,000 to help make homes greener

Solar rebates to be means-tested

$3.8 billion for climate change and water programs

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

WB approves $ 138m loan for Sindh's irrigation

LENGTH: 408  words


The World Bank approved US $138 million additional financing to the Sindh Water
Sector Improvement Project to further improve the efficiency and effectiveness
of the irrigation water distribution system of three Area Water Boards (Ghotki,
Nara and Left Bank) in the Sindh province.
Sindh is one of the primary beneficiaries of Indus Basin Irrigation System with
three major barrages that divert some 48 million acre feet of water annually to
the 14 main canal commands in the province.

Sindh is one of the poorest regions of the country, and 56 percent of household
income in Sindh comes from agriculture, directly or indirectly. The project
covers over 18 million ha of irrigated land, benefiting over 600,000 farm-
households or over 36 million people.


"Harnessing the development potential of the Indus Basin Irrigation System  one
of the world's largest integrated irrigation network  is essential to Pakistan's
agriculture sector, which is a major source of employment in the country," said
World Bank Country Director Rachid Benmessaoud. "The additional financing will
help increase agricultural productivity, employment and incomes in more than 30
percent of the irrigated area in the province.

"
The project will cover rehabilitation of key hydraulic infrastructure, main and
branch canals, and distributaries and minors that were covered under the scope
of the original project but could not be undertaken because of cost escalation
and impact of successive 2010 and 2011 floods, hence the need for additional
funds. It will also address the systemic issues of the irrigation and drainage
sector leading to its sustainability in the long run.

The project's ultimate objective is to deepen the institutional reforms that are
already underway in Sindh.
"The additional financing will further support the Sindh Irrigation and Drainage
Authority in improving the irrigation service delivery to about 600,000 farm
households, with special focus on reliability, equity, and user satisfaction.

", said Abdulhamid Azad, the task team leader of the project.
"The project promotes equitable distribution of irrigation water and boosts
shared prosperity by increasing farmers' income and reducing their vulnerability
to future droughts.

"
The credit is financed from the International Development Association (IDA),
the World Bank Group's grant and low-interest arm It will be on standard IDA
terms, with a maturity of 25 years, including a grace period of 5 years.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                           September 12, 2008 Friday
                                   e1 Edition

Province okays R124m municipal infrastructure projects

BYLINE: ANÉL POWELL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 349 words


THE Western Cape provincial government has approved municipal infrastructure
projects of almost R124 million, with the lion's share of R26m going to
Witzenberg for sewerage upgrades.

The City of Cape Town will get R16m for its storm water and roads upgrades.

Local Government, Environmental Affairs and Development Planning MEC Pierre Uys
said the funding would help municipalities maintain local infrastructure and
improve the lives of people in "many households across the province".

The funding comes from the National Treasury's R460m allocation to the province
for the maintenance of infrastructure "at ground level".

Wolseley, in the Witzenberg Municipality, will get R26m for the upgrade of the
main outfall sewer. At least 460 households in the Pine Valley community will
benefit from this upgrade.

A further R55 000 will be spent on new security lights in Kliprug, Prince Alfred
Hamlet. The municipality will also be able to spend R150 000 on a new soccer
field in Tulbagh.

More than 14 000 households will benefit from the R21m grant that will be used
to refurbish the area's waste water treatment plant.

And R14m will be allocated to the Knysna Municipality for the relocation of
Sedgefield's water treatment works to an area above the flood plain. The
municipality will provide the additional funding needed for the R16.7m project.

Most of the R17m allocated to Oudtshoorn will be spent on the paving of streets
and installation of storm water drainage in poor communities.

The City of Cape Town will be able to spend almost R6m on new roads and storm
water drainage for Delft. Most of the project's costs, which total R21m, will be
paid by the city. A further R7m will be used for a new sewer plan for the
Khayelitsha-Driftsands communities.

The Cape Winelands Municipality will be able to spend R2.2m on a new bus route,
a tarred road and better storm water drainage.

Breede Valley will spent R1.1m of the funding on its De Doorns reservoir and
pipeline that will benefit 3 000 poor households. The municipality will pay for
the rest of the R5m project with its own funds.

anel.powell@inl.co.za

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Fort Erie Post

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Fort Erie water rates climb by 3.93 per cent in 2017

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 510  words


FORT ERIE - The water rates in Fort Erie are increasing next year by about the
same price as a case of beer. Or about the price of a good hockey stick. Or
about the price of a Nintendo game.

Whichever comparison you'd like, the price of water in town will cost about $51
more in 2017. That figure is based on average household use, which the town
considers to be 16 cubic metres per month, which is about 4,200 gallons. For
comparison, a single flush of the toilet uses about three gallons.

As it does every year, the town is laying any blame for the water rate increase
at the feet of the Niagara Region, where the bulk of the charges are incurred.

"We don't have a great deal of latitude in our water and wastewater budget when
60 per cent of the bill to our residents is paid to the Region. We are
legislated by the provincial government to implement a cost recovery water and
wastewater program, which means those systems are paid for solely by the users
of those services," said mayor Wayne Redekop.

With an impending increase of 3.93 per cent for the upcoming year, the hike is
slightly smaller than it was last year. Compared with the $51 hike in 2017, the
2016 hike was pegged at $59, while the 2015 hike was about half as large, at
just $25.

That much smaller $25 hike, however, was largely achieved by council using
reserve funds to dampen the effect of the hike during their first term, shortly
after the last municipal election. The town's Water Rate Stabilization reserve
was completely drained over the last three years, as council dipped into the
piggy bank to keep the rates lower than usual. In order to replenish the barren
fund, council approved an allocation of about $180,000 into the water reserve
fund to ease the impact of potential future hikes coming down the pipe.

"Aside from paying the Region for treatment costs, the Town is also responsible
for operating and maintaining our widespread infrastructure. Fortunately, the
Council is taking a very responsible approach to ensuring the long-term
sustainability of our water and wastewater systems and we are taking steps on a
yearly basis to help lower costs and improve efficiency," said Redekop. "This
includes taking aggressive action to reduce water infiltration into the sewer
system and unpaid for or lost treated water."

Two key programs which offer water bill relief - one for senior citizens and one
for low-income households - were both kept on the books going into 2017. The
fund for low-income households was capped at $15,000 while the senior relief
fund was set at $21,000.

Turning to the long term water budget forecast, staff expects rates to continue
to climb by at least 1.2 per cent annually. By 2021, the average monthly water
bill is projected to hit the $115 marker.

Budget deliberations continue in 2017 with the library and EDTC grants up for
debate on Jan. 11. That's followed by the general levy and operating budget
debate on Jan. 25.

If all goes according to plan, all four pieces of the finalized budget will then
come back to Town Hall for ratification on Feb. 27.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Nationalist

                            December 24, 2012 Monday

Hayes welcomes septic tank upgrade grant

LENGTH: 403  words


Fine Gael Tom Hayes has welcomed the announcement by the Minster for the
Environment, Phil Hogan that a grant scheme is being established to provide
financial assistance to householders who need to upgrade their septic tanks or
waste water treatment systems.

"Septic tank inspections are due to get underway in the New Year, and this
announcement that grants are to be made available for remedial works will
provide extra reassurance to householders. Despite consistent scaremongering
from Fianna Fáil and others about the cost of repairs, the reality is that the
vast majority of septic tanks will pass inspections. But for the minority of
those that do require remedial works, this grant will be of great assistance.

"Grants of up to [#x20ac]4,000 will be made available to householders who need
to upgrade their treatment systems. This will go a considerable way to ensuring
that the remedial works will not place undue financial pressure on the
householders involved. Domestic tanks and other waste water systems should be
registered by February 1st next; and it is important to add that only
householders who register their systems will be eligible for a grant.

"The majority of septic tanks are working well, but those that aren't pose a
threat to our drinking water supplies. Ensuring we have effective waste water
treatment systems is essential for the environment and for our economy.
Protecting groundwater is not only important for local communities; having a
reliable water supply is crucial when trying to attract high value industries
such as pharmaceuticals and ICT.

"Minister Hogan gave a commitment last year to introduce a grant scheme for
septic tank owners. Today's announcement will be of particular benefit to lower
income families. Households with an income of less than [#x20ac]50,000 will be
able to apply for up to 80% of the cost of remedial works.

"People living in rural areas fully understand the importance of protecting our
water supplies. This new inspection regime will not only enhance our water
supplies, it will have a positive effect on the tourism, recreation,
agricultural and food-producing sectors, all of which rely on clean water.

"If you have not yet registered your septic tank, you can go to
www.ProtectOurWater.ie. More than 290,000 have already registered their systems,
and I would encourage any householders in Tipperary  who have not done so, to
register their tank without delay."

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INAC


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 27, 2016 Tuesday

UK Intellectual Property Office grants trade mark "HAYCO" to Hayco Manufacturing
Limited

LENGTH: 516 words

DATELINE: New York



 London: Hayco Manufacturing Limited , has been granted trademark
(UK00003197205) titled as "HAYCO" from the UK Intellectual Property Office.



  Status: Registered



 Class/es:    International priority date claimed: 24 May 2016 (Hong Kong)
(303785446)





 Class 40

     Contract manufacturing services; custom manufacturing services for
domestic, household, industrial products and molding; contract manufacturing
services of domestic, household, industrial products and molding; custom
manufacturing of product prototypes for domestic, household and industrial
products and moulds; contract manufacturing of product prototypes for domestic,
household and industrial products and moulds; custom manufacturing of domestic
products, articles of brushware, household cleaning devices, articles of
kitchenware, cooking utensils and cutlery, brushes for use on vacuum cleaners,
accessories for vacuum cleaners, handles for the aforesaid items, liquid
delivery systems, water filtration systems and parts thereof, toothbrushes,
power toothbrushes, personal grooming brushes, mascara brushes, personal
hydration products, portable drink containers, sports drink containers and
bottles, baby bottles, and infant feeding devices; custom manufacturing services
of injection molded products; contract manufacturing of domestic products,
articles of brushware, household cleaning devices, articles of kitchenware,
cooking utensils and cutlery, brushes for use on vacuum cleaners, accessories
for vacuum cleaners, handles for the aforesaid items, liquid delivery systems,
water filtration systems and parts thereof, toothbrushes, power toothbrushes,
personal grooming brushes, mascara brushes, personal hydration products,
portable drink containers, sports drink containers and bottles, baby bottles,
and infant feeding devices; custom manufacturing services of injection molded
products; custom manufacturing services of moulds for producing plastics or
metal products; contract manufacturing services of moulds for producing plastics
or metal products; custom manufacturing of plastic products; contract
manufacturing of plastic products; custom manufacturing of plastic products and
injection molded products; contract manufacturing of plastic products and
injection molded products; custom manufacturing services of plastic products
including parts and components for computers, typewriters, facsimile machines,
cameras, telephones and medical products; contract manufacturing services of
plastic products including parts and components for computers, typewriters,
facsimile machines, cameras, telephones and medical products; custom
manufacturing services in the form of injection moulding and metal casting;
contract manufacturing services in the form of injection moulding and metal
casting; consultancy, information and advisory services relating to all the
aforesaid services.



 Filing Date:  17 November 2016



 Date of registration:  23 December 2016



 Representative name:  Forresters



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

N'pada villagers involved in IAP projects

LENGTH: 636 words

DATELINE: NUAPADA


NUAPADA, Dec. 27 -- The people of Soseng village of Nuapada district are happy
that they have now a road with a bridge to connect their village to the nearest
bus stop at Barkot although it is located 20 km far from their village.

Not only that, they also take credit of doing the work themselves. "The district
administration provided us fund and we did the work," they boast. They
appreciate the move of the district administration to involve them in the
implementation of the project through Village Development Committees (VDCs)."It
was not easy because the Maoists were not in support of the bridge. They opposed
the constructions initially but they had to budge in the end," they say. Being
encouraged by the initiatives of the district administration, the villagers have
now proposed many more works. "We have proposed laying of a road from Rupiam to
Kakermanji which connects to the district headquarters directly via Kermeli and
Tanwat villages," say the villagers. "It will need construction of a ghat road
of 7-8 km distance and we will get the shortest route to reach the district
headquarters," they inform. The people have also proposed a number of other
works of their need and the administration is agreed to take up those.

The effort of the district administration to involve people of the Maoist- hit
pockets of Nuapada district under the leadership of incumbent district Collector
Jaykumar V. is encouraging."These Panchayats need much attention and the people
have to be taken into confidence" says Jaykumar."We have thus formed VDCs in
every village and given the responsibility of all the construction works to the
people. The officials only provide technical guidance whenever necessary," he
adds.

Jaykumar has also initiated a few more innovative works in these two Panchayats,
which have been highly appreciated by the people. The streets of Jamgaon village
and its hamlets are now lighted at night by 28 solar lights."The situation now
has changed; we sit under the light posts and discuss about our village
development," say the villagers. The Collector is now planning to instal street
lights in other villages of Sunabeda, Soseng, Nangalbod and Ghatmal Panchayats.
Another innovative work undertaken by the administration is installation of
solar pumps to supply safe drinking water. Submersible pumps have been fitted in
existing tube wells, which run during the day getting electricity from solar
panels and fill the overhead water tanks. "We are now relieved of the burden of
fetching water from the nullah (stream) located more than a mile from our
village" says Goinda Bai of Cherechuan village.

The overhead tank supplies sufficient water to 25 households of this village.
Such water supply systems have also been installed in Khuligaon and Majhagaon
villages of Sunabeda plateau, which cater to the needs of more than 80
households. The unit cost of each of these drinking water projects is Rs1.20
lakh excluding the cost of the tube wells. The administration has planned to
instal such projects in all the tribal hostels of the district. Funds for all
these projects in the Maoist hit areas of the district have been allocated from
Central grant called Integrated Action Plan (IAP).

Nuapada is one of the 18 LWE (Left Wing Extremism) districts of Odisha, which
gets Rs30 crores every year as block grant from the Centre under IAP. This fund
was misutilised in the past due to corrupt practices. There were complaints that
corrupt officials in connivance with contractors and leaders misappropriated
funds under IAP."But under the present Collector, things have changed," says a
political worker.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Kerryman (Ireland)

                                January 18, 2012

Rural householders must be helped with septic tank costs

SECTION:

LENGTH: 362 words


There is widespread uncertainty and anger regarding the proposed scale of costs
involved and the implications which may arise following these inspections on
rural households, who are already financially strained to breaking point, with
loss of employment, mortgage arrears, household charges, increased fuel costs
and VAT, increased health and education cost etc.

To highlight the plight of rural home owners I tabled a motion at the December
Council meeting: "That Kerry County Council request Minister Phil Hogan to
provide grant aid to assist house owners where substantial works are required to
upgrade septic tanks or percolation areas." This received full council support
and has been forwarded to the minister.

I agree that we must protect our rivers, lakes and groundwater but if the
minister wants to succeed with this scheme in the current financial climate,
threatening home owners with law, court and fines could lead to serious
hostility and confrontation from rural communities, both locally and nationally.

A much better option would be to get the co-operation and goodwill of house
owners. This is where grant aid would be a great asset   take for example the
massive work done in improving water quality with the Farm Waste Management
Scheme or the improvements undertaken with cavity wall and attic insulation and
heating systems through the Sustainable Energy Ireland grant scheme.

Another very important point that I wish to make is that any remedial work that
has to be undertaken following these inspections should be exempt from planning
permission.

Since 1963, when people were granted planning permission by their local
authority for a house with septic tank and soak pit or percolation area, and if
they built it according to the specifications required at that time, then in any
reasonable assessment they have fulfilled their legal requirements and should
not now be faced with the possibility of prosecution.

I am appealing to Minister Hogan to recognise that people's backs are to the
wall financially, and there is a need to assist rural home owners who will be
faced with substantial cost. Sincerely, Cllr Brendan Cronin Ballyhar, Killarney.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                           December 17, 2013 Tuesday

Moncton formally approves budget

SECTION: A; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 603 words


Moncton city council formally adopted its 2014 budget at its public council
meeting last night.

Residents' tax rate will remain the same in 2014 éat $1.6393 per $100 of
assessed value. Although the tax rate remains the same, the increase in
assessment of 2.3 per cent on existing homes will mean an increase of $81 from
2013 based on a typical home valued at $155,000.

The city continues to grow with an increase in assessment of 2.68 per cent as a
result of new construction and development, for a total provincial assessment
increase of 4.98 per cent.

Highlights of the $143,086,693 operating budget for 2014 include:

Continuing to do more capital work out of the operating budget on a "pay as you
go" basis rather than borrowing, with an increase of $1.2 million for the 2014
budget year.

An additional $1.6 million received from the federal rebate for RCMP policing
has been deposited into a reserve for the proposed downtown centre.

The city will lose an additional $1.9 million of unconditional grant funding
from the province in 2014 after the Government of New Brunswick restructured its
property tax system in 2013.

A fleet reserve for Codiac Transpo for future purchase of replacement buses has
been established.

The Moncton Public Library had funding increased to provide more security to the
library.

The withdrawal of more than $550,000 from the General Fund Operating Reserve was
used to cover the budget shortfall as a result of the net impact of reduced
unconditional grant funding. About $70,000 of that went to last minute additions
to the municipal budget.

Highlights of the city's $33.9-million 2014 capital budget include a
$6.2-million contribution from the city's operating budget that will help to
reduce the city's debt financing requirements. These contributions to the
capital budget from the operating budget have been a strategic priority for the
last several years and are helping to reduce the city's overall borrowing
requirements and debt.

Almost $14 million will go for water and sewer infrastructure improvements and
renewal, and more than $10.5 million will go to road and sidewalk construction
and improvement projects.

Roughly $3.8 million in recreation and culture expenditures include enhancements
to sports fields, parks, trails, a bike park, recreation master plan projects,
the Transportation Discovery Centre, and the Magnetic Hill Zoo.

An estimated $1 million will go towards the development of Downing Street
linking Main Street to the Riverfront.

Continued development of the Riverfront with $500,000 committed towards the
enhancement of the Riverfront and related structural requirements is also in the
budget.

An additional $1.6 million has been put towards a new police headquarters or
expansion of the existing building.

An additional $1.1 million in 2014 will go for a new fire station on Elmwood
Drive to replace the McLaughlin Fire Station.

Highlights of the $35.7 million Water and Sewer Utility budget include the fact
the quarterly water and sewer utility bill for a typical household in Moncton
(average household use of 272 cubic metres as defined by the Province of New
Brunswick) will increase by $25 or $6.25 on a quarterly bill. These figures are
based on an annual bill of $915 or quarterly bill of $228.75 compared to a
typical household's 2013 annual utility bill of $885 or quarterly bill of
$221.25.

This total also includes a $5 rate increase on the Greater Moncton Sewerage
Commission rate. This increase is as a result of improvements and upgrades at
the Greater Moncton Sewerage Commission as well as infrastructure improvements
to Moncton's water distribution system.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

USPTO grants trade mark "MIZSEI" to MIZSEI MFG CO., LTD. CORPORATION

LENGTH: 177 words

DATELINE: New York


Alexandria: MIZSEI MFG CO., LTD. CORPORATION, has been granted trademark
(5132678) titled as "MIZSEI" from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.



Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 011. US 013 021 023 031 034. G & S: Apparatus for filtering
drinking water; Automatic faucets; Bathtubs; Faucet sprayers; Faucets; Filters
for drinking water; Humidifiers; Mixer faucets for water pipes; Plumbing
fittings, namely, bibbs; Plumbing fittings, namely, cocks; Plumbing fittings,
namely, traps; Plumbing fittings, namely, valves; Shower head sprayers; Shower
heads; Spigots; Tap water faucets; Water control valves for faucets; Water
filtration and purification units and replacement cartridges and filters
therefor; Water purifiers; Water purifiers for household purposes; Water
purifying apparatus; Water treatment equipment, namely, cartridge filtration
units; Water treatment equipment, namely, water filtration units; Electric bath-
water purifying apparatus for household purposes

Filing Date: June 8, 2016

Date of registration: 31-01-2017

First Use in Commerce: N/A


LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            March 07, 2012 Wednesday
                                   E2 Edition

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 814 words


A 32-year-old man was in a serious condition yesterday after he was headbutted
by an adult giraffe outside Hammanskraal. "Apparently the man had been trying to
draw blood from the animal when it headbutted and pushed him up against the
fence post," said Netcare 911 spokesman Jeffrey Wicks. The man had to be
airlifted to hospital in Pretoria with serious|spinal injuries. The incident
happened at a wildlife quarantine facility. - Sapa

A Deneysville farmer faces criminal charges after he was caught irrigating his
maize crop with water from the Vaal Dam. The clampdown coincided with the start
of National Water Week, Beeld newspaper reported yesterday. Nigel Adams, head of
the Blue Scorpions, the unit tasked with enforcing the National Water Act, said
the Vaal catchment area was under "enormous pressure" and farmers had to realise
that siphoning water out of the system would not be permitted. Meanwhile,
Minister of Water Affairs Edna Molewa warned local councils to "get their house
in order" to avoid polluting the catchment area. - Sapa

The case against a man facing 33 charges of rape and 33 of attempted murder was
postponed in the Alberton Magistrate's Court yesterday. "The case is postponed
for Legal Aid confirmation. You may apply for bail at your next appearance,"
magistrate Janice Saulse said, setting the matter down for April 23. The accused
asked the court to instruct police officers to stop harassing his wife by
telling her that DNA tests came back positive and that he'd get life
imprisonment. Saulse agreed. - Sapa

A new copyright licence will see news monitoring agencies paying royalties for
all the material they replicate. The licence - launched by the Dramatic,
Artistic and Literary Rights Organisation last month - was brought on behalf of
newspaper and magazine publishers, Business Day reported yesterday. This will
increase the costs that companies pay for data gathered for marketing and
business intelligence. Monitoring agencies are opposed to the Media Monitoring
Organisation licence and have appealed for a yearly blanket fee. - Sapa

The child support grant helps ease the burden on women, who bear the brunt of
coping with poverty, according to research conducted by the University of
Johannesburg. Leila Patel, director of the Centre for Social Development in
Africa at UJ, said the findings showed the R270 grant per child improved the
quality of life of the very poor. About 55 percent of South African children
receive the grant, which is the most far-reaching social support in the country.
The research found 90 percent of beneficiaries were women in households living
on less than R1 000 a month. The three-year study was done in Doornkop, Soweto,
where 343 households were surveyed with a special focus on women. - Sapa

The size of clothing is to be standardised. Many consumers experienced buying a
new garment in their usual size, only to discover later that it did not fit
properly, SA Bureau of Standards executive Sadvhir Bissoon said. "The new SABS
standard will ensure guidelines contain garment construction specifications,
which cover the process of standardising measurement prior|to the preparation of
clothing patterns." The standard was simple and would provide an excellent
guideline to clothing manufacturers. - Sapa

HARDUS Lotter turned on his older sister Nicolette yesterday, saying she had
told him to plead guilty to murdering their parents so she could get off
scot-free. His advocate, Roland Parsotham, said he had taken "fresh and
detailed" instructions from Hardus after Nicolette's testimony in the Durban
High Court this week. Nicolette had claimed that she and Hardus were under the
"sadistic" and evil influence of her boyfriend and co-accused Mathew Naidoo -
who they believed to be the son of God - when they killed their parents, Johan
and Rickie, at their home in July 2008. The brother who she said was "kind,
gentle and obedient" was now angry, his lawyer said. "He holds you (and Naidoo)
responsible for his present predicament," the lawyer said to her during
cross-examination. "He is extremely annoyed in hindsight. You told the court
that Naidoo told him to plead guilty. My instructions are that you gave him that
instruction as well. My instructions are that if he took the rap, you and Naidoo
would walk scot-free." The advocate suggested to Nicolette that she had had
"three escape routes": if Hardus had committed suicide, as had been suggested to
him by Naidoo; if he had pleaded guilty; and if he had endorsed a statement
given to the police by Naidoo, in which Naidoo said he had committed the murders
along with Hardus. "My instructions are that you constantly harassed him to
confirm this statement." Saying that none of it was true, Nicolette said: "I
have implicated myselfâ[#x20ac]¦ I have told the truth." She conceded that
Hardus had been reluctant to take part in the murders. - Tania Broughton

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                             April 26, 2005 Tuesday

Water hookup offered subdivision

BYLINE: JAMES McGINNIS<cm-bd> For The York Dispatch

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS

LENGTH: 259 words


York Water Co. has offered to connect residents of the Roche Gardens subdivision
in Manchester Township to water service, if they are interested.

Township manager David Raver said that the 31-home subdivision was built in the
1930s and is not connected to the York Water Co.'s infrastructure.

Water would be delivered to the homes through a main that the company will
construct for nearby developments, most of which were built in the past 15
years, he said.

Raver said that the water company will bill the township for the construction of
the main and hookups.

The township will pay for the construction with a $200,000 Community Development
Block Grant that the York County Commissioners will likely approve later this
month.

York Water Co. has agreed to contribute $4,879 per each connection once the main
is installed later this summer or fall. Residents who choose to receive the
connections would have to pay any remaining costs.

Raver said that the size of these connection fees would be determined by how
many households choose to hook up.

"If there is a property that does not want to connect, the water company won't
make that contribution," he said. "The more properties that want to connect, the
more the water company will contribute."

He added that the connection fees may be lowered or eliminated if enough
households opt to connect at the earliest possible date.

The supervisors expect to approve the contract with the water company next
month. Residents will be notified of the plans shortly afterward.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              704 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                 Colusa County Sun-Herald (Colousa, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 9, 2009 Friday

Maxwell approves tax hike

BYLINE: Susan Meeker, Colusa County Sun-Herald, Colousa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 424 words


Jan. 9--Maxwell property owners approved the formation of a tax assessment
district to help pay for a new wastewater treatment plant.

The final tally will not be made official until attorneys for the Maxwell Public
Utility District certify the results, but district officials counted 191 "Yes"
votes to 102 "No" at a public meeting Tuesday night. The assessment district
required a vote of 50 percent plus one of households or equivalent dwelling
units to pass.

The assessment district will include about 425 households within Maxwell and
another 147 parcels in the outlying area.

"We couldn't be more thrilled," Diana Mason, Maxwell PUD office manager said.
"We were hoping the people would support this."

Mason said that had the measure failed, the district would have lost $3 million
in grants the state has promised for the project.

"Nobody really wanted this, but it is a state mandate that we have to upgrade
the facility," she said.

The assessment, which will add about $382 a year to annual property taxes for
each single-family home, will allow the district to apply for a $5 million
low-interest loan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Mason said.

"Without the assessment district, we would have lost all our grants, and we
would have to look for regular bank loans to finance the project," Mason said.
"This would have cost the town a considerable amount more and resulted in
considerably higher sewer rates."

The new $8.5 million facility, which must be completed by 2010, will include
improvements to the existing treatment plant, new pump stations, pipelines,
storage ponds and irrigation system. Some of the design work has already been
completed, Mason said, and engineers will move quickly to complete the final
plan.

"We have to meet certain benchmarks by May of this year," Mason said.

The new treatment facility will meet the recently enacted California Toxics Rule
requirements, that which limit the discharge of treated wastewater into surface
water.

The facility will be constructed on 180 acres north of Finks Road at Highway 99W
on land purchased from the Speckled Goose Hunting Club.

To see more of the Colusa County Sun-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to www.colusa-sun-herald.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Colusa County Sun-Herald,
Colousa, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090109-YE-Maxwell-approves-tax-hike-0109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YE


                                 Copyright 2009


                              705 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               The Representative

                                 June 10, 2016
                           the representative Edition

Water project to be worth R677m

BYLINE: Abongile Solundwana

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 450  words



 By
 THE Ncora Dam bulk water supply project, which is set to reach completion in
June next year, will be worth R677-million and will target the Sakhisizwe,
Emalahleni and Ngcobo municipal areas.


 The Department of Water and Sanitation (DWS) and the Chris Hani District
Municipality (CHDM) recently hosted a media briefing at the Ncora Dam treatment
plant where it was announced that about R2.4-million of the project had been
funded via a municipal integrated grant (MIG) with the bulk contribution coming
from the regional bulk integrated grant (RBIG).
 The project started in October 2010 with the first phase of a water treatment
plant completed in April last year, with a capacity of 5.2 megalitres.
 CHDM executive mayor Mxolisi Koyo, Intsika Yethu portfolio head of local
economic development and planning William Mdwayingana, CHDM infrastructure
portfolio head Sithembele Plata and the steering committee attended the
briefing.
 DWS head Portia Makhanya said the national department had a key mandate to
enable the connection of reticulated infrastructure to ensure sustainable water
supplies.
 "We are in the part [sic] of enabling infrastructure, from the dam to the
treatment plant." DWS had a R1.1-billion budget for water projects.
 A number of RBIG projects were being funded by the department in the Eastern
Cape. The new Lubisi Dam project was under construction.
 CHDM project manager Thulethu Ncokazi said as part of their social
responsibility involvement, the subcontractor of the project would give R600000
to build preschools in the Ncora villages.
 CHDM water engineering director Makhaya Dungu said the plant would supply water
to an estimated 205 villages with 133763 people.
  Dungu took the media through the water treatment plant explaining the
procedures of water processing before reaching its conclusion.
 "There is a team of experts such as electro mechanics and water quality
technicians who will be assigned to look after the plant. This is to ensure that
water operations run 24/7 without interference."
 Dungu said about 30000 households still needed access to water and they were
considering collecting money from households to maintain the project.
 "The water supply aims to be within a 200m reach of walking distance and the
pipes are designed with yard connections.
 "The second phase of the project would need additional pumps and the doubling
up of the settlement tanks and aerosol generator series (AGF) filters."
 WATER DELIVERY: CHDM executive mayor Mxolisi Koyo, left, infrastructure
portfolio head councillor Sithembele Plata and provincial DWS head Portia
Makhanya brief the media on the Ncora dam bulk water supply project's progress
Picture: ABONGILE SOLUNDWANA

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: qr,20,re,qt,we,wd,tw,sw,st,SD,MM,ls,lr,fw,dm,bt


                         Copyright 2016 AVUSA Media LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Illawarra Mercury (Australia)

                              July 5, 2005 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Green rinse for NSW's most water-wise linen

BYLINE: JENNY DENNIS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 404 words


IN a first for a NSW public hospital, an Illawarra linen service has cut its
water consumption by 20 per cent - enough to provide a day's water for 10
average households.

The service installed a groundbreaking heat reclamation and water filtration
system, known as an aquamiser, to drastically cut water usage.

The initiative saves more than 53,000 litres of fresh water a day.

The Port Kembla-based business does the washing for nine public hospitals in the
Illawarra and Shoalhaven.

It is the only linen service within the boundaries of the South Eastern Sydney
and Illawarra Area Health Service and its biggest single user of fresh water.

With a daily washload of 15 tonnes of linen, the service used to drain a massive
260,000 litres of water daily - an excess that seriously disturbed the
business's farm-bred manager, Peter Matthews.

"I grew up on a farm outside Goulburn and that rural background left me well
aware of the value of water as a resource," he said.

Mr Matthews put a business case together and, after getting the nod from the
health service, applied for a grant under Sydney Water's Water Conservation
Pilot Subsidy Fund.

The fund was set up last year to reinforce the need for agencies to work
collaboratively to save water.

It gave him $27,000 towards the overall $160,000 cost of purchasing the
equipment needed to put his grand water conservation plan into action.

Mr Matthews described the new machinery as "state-of-the-art".

He said it worked by increasing rinse efficiency and re-using water from the
final rinse cycle for the next load.

The initiative has enabled the linen service to cut its water consumption by
one-fifth.

Not satisfied with saving an average backyard swimming pool full of water every
day inside the plant, Mr Matthews decided to have a 22,500 litre tank installed
outside to catch rainwater for the business.

The tank was delivered last week and sat empty for just two days before
drought-breaking rains filled it to the brink.

It is now being used to wash eight delivery trucks a week.

But plans are under way for more water savings.

Mr Matthews hopes to save a further 40,000 litres a day by recycling the rinse
water from the washing process and installing a further aquamiser unit on the
service's waste water pit.

"We are continually looking at new ways of working smarter, working more
efficiently and, most importantly, reducing the impact our operation has on our
environment," he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two photos: Clean rinse: Coming from a farm background, Peter Matthews,
(below) couldn't bear to watch precious water flushed down the drain - so he did
something about it. He did his sums, applied for a grant and got water wise.
Now, the linen service (above) for the nine public hospitals in the Illawarra
and Shoalhaven is the most efficient in the state. It washes 15 tonnes of linen
each day, but saves enough to supply ten households. Pictures: SYLVIA LIBER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2005 Illawarra Newspapers Holdings Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Premium Official News

                             April 10, 2015 Friday

ICRC activities in the Philippines in 2014

LENGTH: 1885  words

DATELINE: Geneva


International Committee of the Red Cross has issued the following news release:

In 2014, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) continued working
to protect and assist people affected by decades of non-international armed
conflict and other situations of violence. It also coordinated with authorities
to prioritize the welfare of detainees and promote awareness of and respect for
international humanitarian law (IHL) among various stakeholders.

Many communities already beleaguered by cycles of armed conflict further
suffered the effects of successive natural disasters in 2013. Despite the
immediate outpouring of aid, these communities needed continued support to be
able to rebuild their lives. The ICRC, which had provided life-saving assistance
in these situations, also sustained its response to cover the remaining needs of
the people affected. Together with the Philippine Red Cross (PRC), the ICRC
implemented programs to help survivors recover their livelihoods, rebuild their
houses and regain stable access to clean water and health care.
Armed conflict and volence

Conflict and armed violence continued to affect certain parts of the
Philippines, particularly in Mindanao, where improvised explosive devices and
armed clashes caused deaths, injuries or displacement. Often these areas, also
afflicted by poverty, were difficult to reach and had minimal or irregular
access to basic services.

In 2014, the ICRC completed several projects to support livelihoods and improve
access to clean water in these communities. Key hospitals and community health
facilities enhanced their capacity to provide timely and adequate care to the
weapon-wounded, thanks to continued support from the ICRC and local health
authorities.

360 weapon-wounded patients were treated in ICRC-supported hospitals
 154 additional patients received individual support for their treatment across
Mindanao
 534 disabled people obtained physical rehabilitation services - enabling some
to walk again - at the ICRC-supported Davao Jubilee Foundation
 4,000 people in rural communities of Negros Occidental and Surigao del Sur
gained regular access to clean water via two new water-supply systems built with
their involvement
 Over 38,000 people in Mindanao and the Visayas restored or reinforced their
livelihoods, aided by veterinary support, seed, tools and equipment
 Over 14,000 people used cash grants to improve or launch their own
income-generating activities, such as vegetable gardening
 Almost 5,000 people augmented their household income through cash-for-work
projects in Guihulngan, Negros Oriental, and Loreto, Agusan del Sur

Zamboanga conflict response

The humanitarian needs in Zamboanga City lingered long after the hostilities
ended in September 2013, as hundreds of families struggled with prolonged
displacement in evacuation centres and transition sites. In response, the ICRC
continued to assist them by improving their access to water, sanitation and
hygiene, addressing the nutritional needs of the most vulnerable groups, and
providing opportunities to earn short-term income through cash-for-work
activities.

Over 12,000 people in 5 evacuation centers had a steady supply of potable water
trucked in by the PRC/ICRC
 Displaced people in 2 transition sites, and the host community, benefited from
increased water supply, through projects coordinated with the Zamboanga City
Water District
 The construction of 102 latrines, enhancements to drainage systems, and
hygiene-promotion sessions improved sanitation conditions and curbed the spread
of diseases in evacuation centres and transition sites
 19,000 consultations done at the Philippine Red Cross-operated basic
health-care unit inside the Joaquin Enriquez stadium, with support from the ICRC
and the City Health Office (CHO)
 Almost 11,000 patients benefited from the repair of the Rio Hondo barangay
health station and 2 new multipurpose halls (hosting health activities at the
Tulungatung and Taluksangay sites), all of which received medical supplies and
equipment
 The CHO also received similar support with 7 barangay health stations and the
Zamboanga City Medical Center was provided with material support and medicines
 PRC/ICRC health staff supported CHO mobile teams in conducting weekly primary
health-care activities in Mampang site (Masepla)
 Over 3,000 displaced families (almost 16,000 people) eased their living
conditions with received essential household and hygiene items
 Around 2,800 vulnerable families (almost 14,000 people) received food packages
as a preventive measure to reduce the risk of malnourishment
 571 moderately malnourished children under five years old and pregnant or
lactating women improved their nutrition through a supplemental feeding
programme; out of them, 289 received additional food packages
 Almost 40,000 displaced persons improved their food consumption, started small
businesses or rebuilt their homes using unconditional cash grants
 Over 6,400 heads of households (nearly 35,000 people) earned short-term income
through cash-for-work activities, such as garbage disposal, which also benefited
the displaced population

Detention

2014 was an intensive year for the ICRC's vast work with Philippine authorities
to improve detainees' living conditions, through mechanisms aimed at reducing
prison overcrowding, improving health information systems and the management of
tuberculosis (TB), and enhancing essential services and infrastructure in places
of detention.

Repeated visits were also conducted by the ICRC to people detained in relation
to armed conflict and other situations of violence in order to assess their
treatment and living conditions and to ensure that internationally recognized
detention standards were respected. Detainees were able to maintain links with
loved ones through family visits facilitated by the PRC and the ICRC.

321 visits to 70,701 detainees, of whom 928 were visited and monitored
individually
 1,273 pending cases were submitted to different courts by the ICRC-supported
Task Force Katarungan at Kalayaan (Justice and Freedom), comprising several
government agencies led by the Supreme Court, leading to the release or
sentencing of more than 350 detainees
 400 Bureau of Jail Management and Penology (BJMP) paralegals participated in
workshops to ensure that inmates receive ample support concerning the status of
their cases
 10,000 inmates in 7 Metro Manila jails were given health cards to strengthen
the health information systems, through cooperation with the BJMP and Department
of Health
 Support offered to the New Bilibid Prison and Quezon City Jail with mobile
digital X-ray machines for TB screening, and rehabilitated their TB treatment
working stations, laboratories and isolation facilities
 Almost 15,500 inmates were screened for TB in these two detention facilities
 Over 690 inmates with TB, including 99 with drug-resistant TB, were diagnosed
with the disease and provided proper care
 Around 30,000 inmates in the two detention facilities benefited from TB
advocacy, communication and social mobilization
 50,000 inmates improved their access to health care through mobilization of
detaining and health authorities, while 30 detention places received
health-monitoring visits
 136 increased bed capacity for the infirmary of the Davao Penal Colony
 3,000 inmates in 11 jails saw improvements in their living conditions following
the renovation of water/sanitation systems, outdoor areas and other facilities
 Over 12,000 inmates in 16 facilities were given hygiene and/or recreational
items

Typhoon Haiyan response

Although the path to recovery was predictably long and arduous in communities in
Central Philippines that suffered utter devastation from Typhoon Haiyan (local
name: Yolanda) in November 2013, many survivors successfully transitioned from
reliance on relief to self-sufficiency.

The International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement delivered aid to the most
affected communities in Cebu, Leyte, Palawan, Panay and Samar. The ICRC,
together with the National Society, focused its response on Samar island - also
partly affected by armed violence - where it had been supporting communities for
years.

Survivors restored contact with relatives via Red Cross messages, phone calls
and the ICRC's family links website (familylinks.icrc.org)
 4,461 families in eight municipalities were given new storm-resilient houses
built with the help of community members, including more than 1,000 carpenters
who received training on good construction principles
 Over 72,500 individuals benefited from consultations, surgeries and deliveries
in field hospitals, basic health-care units and mobile clinics set up in Basey
and Balangiga during the emergency response
 79 health facilities received medical supplies/equipment
 2 district hospitals, 6 rural health units, and 7 barangay health centers were
rehabilitated and around 2,600 children under five years old received various
vaccines
 500 people were given mental-health/psychosocial support
 75,000 people - including 33,000 people in Guiuan - regained access to water
through rehabilitated water-supply systems and the installation of hand pumps
and slow sand filters
 Almost 236,500 people sustained themselves through distributions of food
rations or food-for-work projects
 Over 227,000 of them started vegetable gardens using ICRC-donated seed
 Almost 226,000 people received essential household and hygiene items
 Around 147,500 people received unconditional cash grants to cover basic
expenditures
 Over 10,000 breadwinners supported their families (more than 54,000 people)
with wages they earned in exchange for clearing debris or participating in
shelter-construction projects
 Over 71,000 people received cash grants with which they pursued fishing,
agricultural, livestock and other business ventures

Humanitarian law

Activities to promote awareness of IHL, or the law of armed conflict, continued
in 2014 for various stakeholders - from weapon bearers to members of the
judiciary to members of the academic community.

In the field, the ICRC conducted IHL dissemination sessions and meetings with
armed groups, influential circles and communities affected by armed conflict, to
help enhance respect for the law and ensure that civilians were protected.

1,455 members of the military and police increased their understanding of IHL
and/or human rights laws applicable to their duties
 300 members of armed groups, influential religious leaders and scholars
enhanced their awareness of IHL
 14 law schools participated in the annual moot court competition on IHL,
organized with the PRC and the Court of Appeals
 28 political science professors in Mindanao were trained on IHL

Working with the National Society

The ICRC continued working closely with its main operational partner in the
country, the Philippine Red Cross (PRC), while supporting its capacity to
respond to emergencies, including natural or man-made disasters.

In 2014, the ICRC helped build the capacity of 24 PRC chapters prone to man-made
or natural calamities, by training their Red Cross Action Teams and providing
them with equipment and supplies.

The ICRC also supported the deployment of volunteers in ICRC-PRC emergency
operations.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                              May 8, 2007 Tuesday
                               Late City Edition

Households to get $8000 to help switch over to solar

BYLINE: Gerard McManus

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 166  words


TAX incentives to encourage households to take up solar heating, hot water and
electricity generation will be doubled in today's Budget.

Schools and community education centres will also be able to apply for grants of
up to $12,000 each to install solar heating and hot water systems.

Treasurer Peter Costello will announce a doubling of the Government's solar
rebate scheme from $4000 to $8000 as part of a push to encourage the development
of the solar industry in Australia.

The cost of the higher rebate will be $150 million over five years, but there
will also be measures in today's Budget to train solar installers to meet the
expected demand as more people switch to solar.

The green measure comes as Mr Costello promised yesterday to deliver a Budget
for families, for long-term prosperity and for the environment.

''This will have measures which will improve Australia's environment, fund care
for our river systems and our greatest water basin, the Murray-Darling Basin,''
Mr Costello said.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            February 9, 2014 Sunday

Trustees: Saxtons River wastewater plant needs upgrades

BYLINE: By HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN / Reformer Staff

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 522 words


SAXTONS RIVER -- About 16 people showed up for an informational meeting Saturday
morning to hear from the Saxtons River Trustees about planned upgrades to the
village wastewater treatment plant.

The plant was build in the 1970s and Village Trustee Ben Wallace told the
residents that the village is going to have spend some money on the plant to
keep it working into the future.

Just how much money, and whether the village is going to get a USDA grant to
help pay for it, remains to be seen.

Wallace said the village had three options.

It could upgrade the current plant, using the same technology at a cost of just
over $3 million.

Operating costs for that option would cost sewer users about $96,000 per year.

The village could also convert the plant into a pumping station, and pump the
sludge to Bellows Falls.

That option would cost about $3.3 million, Wallace said, with annual costs of
just over $134,000.

The final option, which the trustees are recommending, would include building a
new plant with a different wastewater treatment technology.

That would cost about $2.4 million and have annual costs of about $90,000.

The work has to happen, Wallace said, and which ever way the village ultimately
decides to go, users can expect to see their annual fees double, rising from
$385 to an estimated $722 per household.

"It's not good news and there's no way to sugar coat it," Wallace said.
"Something's got to be done to treat our wastewater."

The trustees are going to ask Saxtons River residents to vote on one of the
options at the annual meeting in April.

The village knew the 1970s equipment was nearing the end of its useful life and
commissioned a study in 2007 to explore the options that existed to upgrade the
plant.

Last year the village began to look more closely at the different options to get
estimates on what it would cost to either upgrade the plant or convert it into a
pumping station and transport the waste to the Bellow Falls plant.

Wallace said the village will most likely take out a 20-year bond to pay for the
project, if voters approve the move.

Village Trustee Louise Luring said Saxtons River currently does not qualify for
a USDA grant, which is contingent on the average per household annual income.

She said the trustees saw a recent USDA study, and the Trustees think USDA might
have a higher average household income number than Saxtons River residents might
actually have.

USDA staff and representatives from the village are going to conduct a
house-to-house survey to get a more accurate estimate of what the average
Saxtons River property owner makes in a year.

If the village does not get a grant, then the users will have to take out the
bond and see their sewer rates almost double.

If voters approve the project at the April Annual Meeting, the village will
begin to hire engineers for a final design in the spring.

In 2015 the village will seek state approval for the project and construction
could begin in September 2015, with the project being completed in the fall of
2016.

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached at 802-254-2311, ext. 279,
orhwtisman@reformer.com . Follow Howard on Twitter @HowardReformer.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Saxons River village wastewater users listen to a presentation on
needed upgrades to the waste water system Saturday. (Howard
Weiss-Tisman/Reformer)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              710 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           December 2, 2008, Tuesday

Kanawha considers slashing budget;
Hardy wants big cuts in water-line projects

BYLINE: Rusty Marks, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 363 words


Kanawha County Commissioner Dave Hardy is calling for $1 million in budget cuts
in the county next year.

County officials are beginning work on budgets for the fiscal years 2009-10 and
2010-11. Hardy wants to trim about $1 million from the budget to help pay for a
$10 million bond sale to renovate the former American Electric Power building on
Virginia Street.

It might cost that much to replace the roof and heating system and adapt the old
office building for use by the county sheriff's department and prosecutor's
office. Bond payments are expected to be about $1 million a year.

County commissioners discussed funding the renovations last month.

"We are going to have to make some hard [budget] decisions," Hardy said Monday.
"The discussion at that meeting the other day was either raise taxes or cut the
budget. It's one or the other."

Hardy proposes taking money out of the budget for myriad community projects the
commission is asked to help fund. Hardy wants a moratorium on community
contributions for the remainder of this fiscal year and cuts in next year's
budget.

"Everybody who's trying to run a household budget right now is trying to cut
expenses," he said. "I think we should do the same."

Hardy also wants to cut back on funding for county water projects. With 98
percent of Kanawha County now served by public water lines, he said it is
increasingly expensive to run water to the remaining two percent.

"When you've got these projects that cost $50,000 a household, it's a lot to ask
the other 98 percent of taxpayers," he said.

County officials have turned to state and federal grant funding to help pay for
recent water projects.

Commission President Kent Carper said he has suspected the need for budget cuts
for months, but he doesn't like the idea of cutting funding for water projects.

"Anything around budget time is on the table," he said, "but I am not in favor
of totally eliminating water projects. People need water. It's a basic
quality-of-life issue."

County officials already have agreed to provide about $1.2 million for two local
water projects. That money would come from the 2009-2010 budget.

Reach Rusty Marks at rustymarks@wvgazette.com or 348-1215.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              711 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2014 Saturday

USPTO grants trade mark "SUEZ ENVIRONNEMENT" to SUEZ ENVIRONNEMENT (FRANCE)

LENGTH: 529  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


SUEZ ENVIRONNEMENT (FRANCE), has been granted trademark (4594958) titled as
"SUEZ ENVIRONNEMENT" from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.


Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 042. US 100 101. G & S: Water quality control services; scientific
and industrial research services relating to environmental protection;
laboratory research services in the fields of water and water treatment and
purification; chemical analysis, chemical research, professional scientific
consultancy, engineering project study, and engineering, not for construction,
in the fields of water and water treatment; scientific consultation, namely,
providing expert appraisals in the field of water and effluent treatment,
laboratory research services in the fields of industrial, household, hospital
and special waste, refuse, sludge and ash treatment, and industrial, household,
hospital and special waste recovery; bacteriology research services; scientific
consultation, namely, providing expert appraisals in the field of industrial,
household, hospital and special waste, sludge and ash from plants, both urban
and industrial; computer programming; computer services, namely, development,
design and updating of computer software and software packages; technical
consulting and advice in the field of computing; computer rental; design of
computer and telecommunication systems; scientific and industrial research
services for developing and evaluating the performance of physico-chemical water
treatment processes and products; scientific and technical studies for
developing and evaluating the operation performance of installations for
treating drinking water or industrial process water, for treating household or
industrial wastewater, as well as for treating physico-chemical or biological
fluids and sludges; technical audits, namely, engineering advise and work
relating to these waste and wastewater treatment processes and equipment and to
all other fluid treatments, including in the field of industrial processes.

research center, namely, laboratory research services in the fields of
collection, transport, treatment, cleaning, storage, sanitation, recovery and
disposal of waste and refuse; scientific consultation, namely, providing expert
appraisals in the field of waste and refuse; scientific and industrial research
relating to environmental protection for the collection, transport, treatment,
cleaning, storage and recovery of waste and refuse; engineering and engineering
project study in the fields of design and construction of industrial and urban
centers and units for waste and refuse collection, sorting, storage, treatment,
recovery and disposal; pollution prevention services, namely, scientific
consulting regarding environmental protection, urban planning, industrialization
and natural resource promotion; environmental information on the impact of
pollution on the environment with regard to economic, social and environmental
implications; urban planning related to industrialization and use or promotion
of natural resources, particularly of water; soil testing; agricultural,
horticultural, wine growing, arboricultural and silvicultural engineering

Filing

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                            February 15, 2009 Sunday

Everything Under the Sun

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 681 words


In a lot of townships, the Board of Supervisors meets only once a month.In West
Manheim, it meets twice.

So maybe the fact that a lot of things worth talking about all arehappening at
once in West Manheim should come as no surprise. Thetownship's meeting earlier
this month was eventful, to say the least,and we wait with interest to see how
some of the issues that werebrought up play out.

West Manheim residents have a new water provider. The water's comingfrom nearly
30 miles farther away, and from a different source.

Still, township officials say few residents noticed any change at allwhen the
township completed its switch to York Water in mid-December.

When those first bills from York Water Co. arrived recently, however,people took
notice.

Phone calls, most of them regarding a $14 "client charge" thatappeared on the
first month's bills, poured in to the township office.People wanted to know if
the charge was a one-time charge assessedonly on their first bills, whether it
was a charge paid once annually,or whether they should expect to pay it each
month.

But nobody seemed to know the answer.

And the best the supervisors could do when the issue came up at arecent meeting
was direct two staff members to each contact York WaterCo. officials and try to
find out more about the charge.

While York Water paid the township more than $2 million for thetownship's water
system, the reality that the switch would end up costingresidents more has been
a foregone conclusion all along. That's someof the reason why the township,
before making the switch, raised ratestwice in eight months - increasing
quarterly water bills from $36 $72to per quarter.

The hikes were aimed in part to groom residents for the higher billsthey'd pay
as York Water customers.

The for-profit water company has estimated the average resident will pay about
$30 permonth - $360 a year - as a York Water customer. At the $72 per
quarterrate, that same resident paid $288 a year. And the yearly bill wasonly
$144 before the increases started.

But now the supervisors don't appear confident in the $30-per-monthfigure, or
know whether that estimate includes the "client charge."

We hope when questions about the "client charge" are answered, itdoesn't become
evident the supervisors entered into an agreement thatwill be even more costly
for residents than anticipated.

Plans to extend sidewalks along Route 94 in Pleasant Hill came to aabrupt halt
when too few residents returned surveys that might haveshown the project is
eligible for federal funding.

Only 24 percent of the surveys, which asked Pleasant Hill residentslittle more
than to report their household income, were answered andreturned to the
township. To qualify for the grant, at least 51 percent of households must be
low- or middle-income, a criterion that township officials believe Pleasant Hill
would meet.

We're not quite sure who to blame for this one - the residents for notreturning
the surveys or the township for not emphasizing theimportance that they be
returned.

But it's a shame the project, which township officials believe wouldhave
qualified for funding, will have to wait.

The sidewalks are meant as a convenience and an improvement to safety,and a lot
of times when safety projects are put on hold, people willstart to say existing
conditions are an accident waiting to happen.Such sentiments might be overblown
regarding Pleasant Hill. There'sprobably not an awful lot of foot traffic along
the busy state routein the first place.

Still, sidewalks will make the trek inherently safer for anypedestrians who do
pass through - some of whom are bound to be thesame residents who didn't return
the surveys.

And, especially in a weak economy, there's no guarantee grant moneythat might be
available for the project now will still be there nextyear, when the township
intends to resume efforts and survey PleasantHill residents again.

We hope the poor response won't cost Pleasant Hill a sidewalkextension that's no
burden to taxpayers. And whether the money'savailable or not, we hope to see a
better response from surveyedresidents next year.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                            July 18, 2007 Wednesday
                          First with the news Edition

GREEN CASH - Howard's bid for the environment vote

BYLINE: Lachlan Heywood IN CANBERRA

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 571  words


HOUSEHOLDS are being showered with thousands of dollars to Go Green in a series
of carefully targeted election-year handouts by the Federal Government.

And every school will be offered up to $50,000 to install solar hot-water
systems and a rainwater tank.

Prime Minister John Howard yesterday announced households earning under $100,000
would be entitled to an additional $1000 rebate to convert to eco-friendly solar
hot-water systems.

The pledge comes on top of an $8000 rebate for 22,000 homes to install solar
panels and existing renewable energy certificates worth up to $900 to encourage
households to make the switch to solar water.

It follows $200 million in the May Budget for the installation of water tanks
and other water-saving devices at schools and community groups.

St Kevin's Primary at Geebung is one school set to benefit from the plan.
Principal Carmel Bailli says the school will apply for the maximum grant to help
save the drought-affected playgrounds.

In a bid to breathe new life into his flagging re-election prospects, Mr Howard
took to the popular youth internet site YouTube to unveil the Government's $627
million policy to combat climate change.

But green groups and Labor accused the Government of not going far enough and
letting polluters off the hook.

Mr Howard said he would deliver Australia a ''low-carbon future'' without
devastating economic consequences.

Continued, more reports P5

Howard's bid for green vote

From P1

But he warned reducing carbon emissions would mean higher energy and petrol
prices and he committed the Government to pursuing nuclear energy pledging $12.5
million to research.

Mr Howard also reaffirmed the Government's commitment to the introduction of a
carbon-trading scheme, but unlike Labor, which has committed to a 60 per cent
reduction in greenhouse emissions by 2050, he refused to set a long-term target.

Opposition Leader Kevin Rudd said an emissions-trading scheme needed a target
and a carbon price to be successful.

Labor is offering loans of up to $10,000 to make homes more energy and water
efficient. The low-interest loans would be offered to up to 200,000 households
to buy water and electricity-saving products, such as solar panels and rainwater
tanks.

Greenpeace energy campaigner Catherine Fitzpatrick said it was becoming
increasingly hard to take the Prime Minister's stand on climate change
seriously.

''Although there are some worthy elements in the Prime Minister's announcement,
where is the real vision and leadership needed to genuinely move Australians
away from climate change?'' Ms Fitzpatrick said.

''If you read between the lines of the Prime Minister's speech, the clear signal
being sent is that it is business-as-usual for the large industrial coal
polluters.''

The plan

Every school in the nation to get up to $50,000 to install solar hot water
systems and a rainwater tank

Households earning under $100,000 to receive an additional $1000 rebate to
convert to eco-friendly solar hot water systems

A $12.5 million pledge towards research venture to pursue nuclear technology

Rebate roster

* Up to $8000 for solar panels.

* Up to $1150 for internally-plumbed rainwater tanks.

* Extra $1000 for any 5000 litre tanks.

* $200 for four-star rated washing machines.

* Up to $500 for underground greywater systems and $200 for pool blankets.

* $100 rebate to switch pool pumps to off peak.

* 20,000 free household energy audits.

* Maximum of $500 for gas appliances.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Washington: Manchin and Capito Announce More Than $12 Million in Funding from
U.S. Department of Agriculture

LENGTH: 518 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Joe Manchin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators  Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV) today
announced loans and grants for five projects in West Virginia to develop water
and wastewater infrastructure. The funds have been awarded by the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) and will provide rural communities with the
resources necessary to improve or repair their water and wastewater systems.





 USDA has awarded $12,246,000 to four West Virginia communities for projects in
the Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. This program provides
crucial funding for projects that promote clean drinking water systems, sanitary
sewage and solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households and
businesses.



 Additionally, a $500,000 grant has been awarded to the Mingo County Public
Service District for the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG)
program, which assists in the preparation or recovery process for emergencies
threatening the availability of safe and reliable drinking water.



 &ldquo;It is important to invest in infrastructure projects like these that
make sure our communities are connected to the basic necessities of life, like
water,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;All West Virginians deserve access to
clean and safe water, and this funding will improve our water systems to ensure
the health and safety of our residents. This project will also help boost
economic development, protect tourism activities in these regions and improve
the prosperity of our families, businesses and communities. I will continue to
work to make these commonsense infrastructure investments a reality.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;It is essential that every West Virginian have access to clean water.
This funding will not only assist rural communities throughout the state in
repairing and establishing safer and more reliable water and waste systems, but
it will also help solidify local economies,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;I
am pleased to join Senator Manchin in announcing this important funding that
will help to strengthen our communities and keep our residents healthy.&rdquo;



 Individual awards are listed below:



 Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program



     $719,000 loan/$936,000 grant &ndash; Cottageville Public Service District:
Funding will be used to support the Phase II Sewer Project.

     $6,073,000 loan &ndash; City of Elkins: Funding will be used for water
system improvements.

     $1,782,000 loan/$750,000 grant &ndash; Logan County Public Service
District: Funding will be used towards the Big Harts Phase III Water Project.

     $1,105,000 loan/$881,000 grant &ndash; City of Welch: Funding will
contribute to waterline replacement on McDowell Street and riverside.



 Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants Program



     $500,000 grant &ndash; Mingo County Public Service District: Funding will
support emergency flooding recovery projects in Mingo County.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           City Messenger (Australia)

                             May 28, 2008 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Water heaters, a hot issue

BYLINE: Matthew Abraham

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 648 words


THE average planetary life of a domestic electric hot water heater is somewhere
between 10 to 15 years.

In Adelaide, a household will be lucky to get anywhere near that out of their
water heater. It is a pure guesstimate, but the life expectancy of the average
Adelaide electric hot water heater is probably closer to six or seven years.
Adelaide's hard, salty water is murder on boilers.

So, how old is your electric hot water heater? And how much money have you got
in the bank? Lots? Good, you are going to need it. Here is why.

From July 1 this year, a new law will be rolled out designed to wipe electric
hot water heaters from the face of Adelaide's suburbs. For all new houses and
any house bought after July, the law kicks in immediately. Houses owned before
July get a year's grace.

It means that by July 2009, when an existing household needs to install or
replace a water heater, it will have to select what the State Hot Water Police
call a ``low-greenhouse water heater'' - such as a high efficiency gas, solar or
heat pump unit.

Some of you may be feeling virtuous at this point, because you already have an
existing gas, solar or heat pump water heater.

If one of these units blows up in a shower of steam, it will also need to be
replaced by a ``low-greenhouse water heater''.

Any appliance that is good for the environment is bad for the bank balance, so
these new systems are more expensive to buy and install. And when installing the
new, you beaut hot water heaters, you must also install low-flow shower heads in
the bathroom.

As a tax-paying citizen, you might be thinking that because these expensive new
standards are being forced on your household, at short notice, the State
Government will increase its existing rebate - designed to coax consumers into
making the switch from electric hot water heaters, to solar systems. You would
be wrong to think that.

The existing $700 subsidy will not be increased, but instead will be reduced to
$500. And rather than being offered to all households, as it has been since
2001, it will only be available to those on low incomes - government concession
card holders. In short, the state subsidy will be withdrawn for the majority of
households. Go figure.

Middle class welfare is no longer in vogue, but even so it seems patently unfair
to impose a potentially big cost burden on families already struggling with
rising mortgage costs and soaring petrol and grocery prices.

At around $2500 to $3000, the new hot water heaters are considerably more
expensive than existing systems, even if you qualify for the commonwealth
rebates.

The State Government found a lazy $1 million for solar panels on the roof of
Adelaide Airport, run by a private consortium at a handsome profit, so green
cash cannot be all that tight.

After deciding to ban electric hot water heaters, the government put out a
discussion paper in March this year. It received only 11 submissions, mainly
from groups with vested interests, with gushing support for the change from
firms making gas, solar or heat pump systems. Funny that.

The most thoughtful response came from an individual, Margaret Oliphant. It is
well worth a read.

But even those who stand to gain from the new standards, such as gas suppliers,
warned the government against rushing ahead with its plans. Despite this, the
new standards start to roll out in just over a month.

The government argues that residential water heating is a ``significant cause of
greenhouse gases'' in SA, accounting for around one third of household,
energy-related greenhouse gas emissions. Obviously, we could all help save the
planet from the alleged greenhouse effect by taking cold showers, and the way
these draconian regulations are going, it may yet come to that.

m

What do you think? Leave a comment on Matthew Abraham's blog at
messengereast.com.au. He can also be heard on 891 ABC Adelaide from 8.30am each
weekday.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCY


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             August 7, 2016 Sunday

$1.5 billion loan from World Bank to be given to states depending on performance
in building toilets

BYLINE: Aman Sharma

SECTION: POLITICS AND NATION

LENGTH: 376 words


NEW DELHI: The $1.5 billion (Rs 10,000 crore) loan from the World Bank for the
Centre's showpiece Swachh Bharat Mission (Rural) project will be given as an
incentive to states, depending on their performance in building toilets and
making their villages free of open defecation.

The Centre told all states on Wednesday that an annual survey will be conducted
to gauge their performance and implement the 'performance-based incentive grant
scheme' for disbursing the World Bank funds over the next five years.

ET reported last week that the Prime Minister's Office had rebooted the scheme
in June after finding that major opposition-ruled states Uttar Pradesh, Bihar
and Tamil Nadu had fallen way behind target, while BJP-ruled Gujarat,
Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Haryana had galloped ahead. Prime Minister Narendra
Modi had set a deadline of October 2, 2019 for making all villages open
defecationfree, but only 11% of the target has been achieved so far.

The Centre will kick off the annual National Rural Sanitation Survey from August
15 to measure the performance of states on three indicators and determine the
baselines for releasing the World Bank grant to the states. The first parameter
is reduction in the prevalence of open defecation in households, based on
access, usage and safety of toilets.

A household will be considered as practicing open defecation unless all its
members use the toilet at all times. The second indicator is sustaining the open
defecation-free status in villages, while the third pointer is the population
served with an acceptable solid and liquid waste management system. The survey
will be based on a third-party sample survey carried out by the Ministry of
Drinking Water and Sanitation, as per the guidelines of the Ministry of
Statistics & Programme Implementation.

"The outcomes have to be reliably measured through an independent and credible
verification agency," the Centre said. To trigger the disbursement from the
World Bank to the Central government for Swachh Bharat this year, the
operationalisation of the 'performance-based incentive grant scheme' is
necessary. "The idea is to make the incentive scheme possible and credible," the
Centre said in a communique to all states.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                           November 28, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Granted, these projects could save water

BYLINE: Graham Downie

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 377  words


Community water grants announced yesterday see 19 ACT organisations sharing in
$61.7 million distributed around Australia, aimed at saving 10,000 megalitres a
year.

The ACT organisations include public and private schools, aged care services,
two golf clubs and the Canberra Racing Club.

They will share in grants worth more than $850,000, with an estimated water
saving for the ACT of about 70 million litres a year with about 50 million
litres reused.

At least eight of the projects include the installation of rainwater tanks with
captured water to be used for flushing toilets.

Last week, National Water commissioner David Trebeck said subsidising the
installation of rainwater tanks in cities might merely be a very expensive way
of capturing water.

Announcing yesterday's 1444 projects under the Australian Government's Community
Water Grants, Minister for the Environment Ian Campbell said the projects would
save the equivalent of water used by 34,000 average households annually.

As well as saving water, Community Water Grant projects promoted wise water use
and community awareness of water efficiency and conservation, water reuse and
recycling and improvement of water quality.

Grant recipients are: Royal Canberra Golf Club Limited, $48,090.

Theodore Primary School, $49,389.

Taylor Primary School, $46,399.

Uniting Church in Australia Margaret River Congregation, $49,016.

The Canberra Sikh Association Incorporated, $49,900.

Canberra Montessori Society Incorporated, $49,621.

Trustees of the Marist Brothers - The Berne Education Centre, $48,552.

Uniting Church in Australia Property Trust (Victoria), $49,955.

Murrumbidgee Country Club Incorporated, $50,000.

Canberra Grammar School, $49,978.

Gowrie Primary School, $49,090.

Garran Primary School P and C Association (Incorporated), $49,993.

Trustees of the Roman Catholic Church for the Archdiocese of Canberra and
Goulburn as Trustee for Trinity Catholic College Goulburn, $48,892.

Florey Primary School, $45,009.

Goodwin Aged Care Services Incorporated, $50,000.

Billabong Aboriginal Corporation, $49,901.

Canberra Racing Club Incorporated, $50,000.

Aranda Primary School, $48,708.

Trustees of the Roman Catholic Church for the Archdiocese of Canberra and
Goulburn as Trustee for St Joseph's Primary O'Connor, $49,969.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Braidwood Times

                                  June 1, 2016

New LPG Rebate

SECTION: EDITORSPICKS

LENGTH: 263  words


More than 80,000 vulnerable, low-income households across NSW that use Liquefied
Petroleum Gas (LPG) to power their homes are expected to benefit from a new LPG
rebate.

Deputy Premier Troy Grant and Minister for Industry, Resources and Energy,
Anthony Roberts, has announced the $90 Gas Rebate would be extended to
households that relied upon reticulated or delivered LPG for heating, cooking
and powering their hot water systems and that are not connected to a natural gas
distribution network.

Mr Grant said the $8 million initiative recognised that vulnerable residents
unconnected to gas networks were just as deserving of a rebate as those that
are. The average LPG household bill is between $500 to $550.

'The vast majority of households that rely upon LPG to power their homes are
outside the Sydney metropolitan area' Mr Grant said. 'We're taking some of the
financial pressure off regional residents who rely on LPG as part of their daily
lives.'

Mr Roberts said the Gas Rebate had previously only been available to households
connected to the natural gas distribution network. Households eligible for the
Gas Rebate will still be able to apply for other financial assistance under the
NSW Government's rebates program.

'This rebate is critical for customers in regional areas who do not have access
to the natural gas network and who thereby rely upon LPG,' Mr Roberts said.

Eligible LPG customers will be able to apply for the new rebate from 1 July
2016.

For more information on the NSW Government's energy rebates visit:
http://www.resourcesandenergy.nsw.gov.au/rebates

LOAD-DATE: June 02, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The West Briton

                                 June 26, 2008

Free insulation - it's out there;
Local people are concerned about door-to-door salespeople offering grants for
home insulation. Many claim to be selling totally free products, but is there a
catch?

SECTION: Pg. 57

LENGTH: 160 words


Julia Tibbett, manager of Cornwall's Energy Efficiency Advice Centre says there
really is free insulation available.

"The reality is that the utility companies have agreed to spend millions of
pounds to help cut our fuel bills.

However, many customers have not come forward to claim their share of the money,
so door-to-door "salespeople" have been enlisted to help out.

"If you own your own home or rent from a private landlord, you are eligible for
a grant towards the cost of insulating your loft or cavity walls.

If anyone in the household is over 70 or receives certain benefits, a 100% grant
is available."

But Julia understands why many residents are wary of signing up to anything. "
The Energy Efficiency Advice Centre offers impartial advice on all the schemes
available, including grants for new central heating systems."

For free, impartial advice on household energy efficiency, waste, water,
transport and renewables call the Cornwall EEAC on 0800 512012.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 61


                         Copyright 2008 The West Briton
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 9, 2015 Monday

Washington: Capito and Manchin Announce More Than $12 Million in Funding from
U.S. Department of Agriculture

LENGTH: 489  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Shelley Moore Capito has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Senators Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.) and Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) today
announced loans and grants for five projects in West Virginia to develop water
and wastewater infrastructure. The funds have been awarded by the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) and will provide rural communities with the
resources necessary to improve or repair their water and wastewater systems.





 USDA has awarded $12,246,000 to four West Virginia communities for projects in
the Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. This program provides
crucial funding for projects that promote clean drinking water systems, sanitary
sewage and solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households and
businesses.



 Additionally, a $500,000 grant has been awarded to the Mingo County Public
Service District for the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG)
program, which assists in the preparation or recovery process for emergencies
threatening the availability of safe and reliable drinking water.



 &ldquo;It is essential that every West Virginian have access to clean water.
This funding will not only assist rural communities throughout the state in
repairing and establishing safer and more reliable water and waste systems, but
it will also help solidify local economies,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;I
am pleased to join Senator Manchin in announcing this important funding that
will help to strengthen our communities and keep our residents healthy.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;It is important to invest in infrastructure projects like these that
make sure our communities are connected to the basic necessities of life, like
water,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;All West Virginians deserve access to
clean and safe water, and this funding will improve our water systems to ensure
the health and safety of our residents. This project will also help boost
economic development, protect tourism activities in these regions and improve
the prosperity of our families, businesses and communities. I will continue to
work to make these commonsense infrastructure investments a reality.&rdquo;



 Individual awards are listed below:



 Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program



     $719,000 loan/$936,000 grant &ndash; Cottageville Public Service District:
Funding will be used to support the Phase II Sewer Project.



     $6,073,000 loan &ndash; City of Elkins: Funding will be used for water
system improvements.



     $1,782,000 loan/$750,000 grant &ndash; Logan County Public Service
District: Funding will be used towards the Big Harts Phase III Water Project.



     $1,105,000 loan/$881,000 grant &ndash; City of Welch: Funding will
contribute to waterline replacement on McDowell Street and riverside.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 9, 2015 Monday

Washington: Capito and Manchin Announce More Than $12 Million in Funding from
U.S. Department of Agriculture

LENGTH: 489  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Shelley Moore Capito has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Senators Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.) and Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) today
announced loans and grants for five projects in West Virginia to develop water
and wastewater infrastructure. The funds have been awarded by the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) and will provide rural communities with the
resources necessary to improve or repair their water and wastewater systems.





 USDA has awarded $12,246,000 to four West Virginia communities for projects in
the Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. This program provides
crucial funding for projects that promote clean drinking water systems, sanitary
sewage and solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households and
businesses.



 Additionally, a $500,000 grant has been awarded to the Mingo County Public
Service District for the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG)
program, which assists in the preparation or recovery process for emergencies
threatening the availability of safe and reliable drinking water.



 &ldquo;It is essential that every West Virginian have access to clean water.
This funding will not only assist rural communities throughout the state in
repairing and establishing safer and more reliable water and waste systems, but
it will also help solidify local economies,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;I
am pleased to join Senator Manchin in announcing this important funding that
will help to strengthen our communities and keep our residents healthy.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;It is important to invest in infrastructure projects like these that
make sure our communities are connected to the basic necessities of life, like
water,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;All West Virginians deserve access to
clean and safe water, and this funding will improve our water systems to ensure
the health and safety of our residents. This project will also help boost
economic development, protect tourism activities in these regions and improve
the prosperity of our families, businesses and communities. I will continue to
work to make these commonsense infrastructure investments a reality.&rdquo;



 Individual awards are listed below:



 Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program



     $719,000 loan/$936,000 grant &ndash; Cottageville Public Service District:
Funding will be used to support the Phase II Sewer Project.



     $6,073,000 loan &ndash; City of Elkins: Funding will be used for water
system improvements.



     $1,782,000 loan/$750,000 grant &ndash; Logan County Public Service
District: Funding will be used towards the Big Harts Phase III Water Project.



     $1,105,000 loan/$881,000 grant &ndash; City of Welch: Funding will
contribute to waterline replacement on McDowell Street and riverside.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Melton/Moorabool Leader (Australia)

                            October 13, 2009 Tuesday
                                 1 - MT Edition

Melton green leader

BYLINE: Environment | Greg Gliddon

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 215  words


MELTON residents are leading the way when it comes to adding energy saving and
new water technology to their homes.

The 2009 Green Light Report is a State Government initiative and was
commissioned by Sustainability Victoria in partnership with the Department of
Sustainability and Environment and EPA Victoria. It rates Melton well above the
metropolitan average for the installation of environmental technologies.

The report says that 13 per cent of households in Melton have a professionally
installed grey water recycling system, more than twice the rate of Melbourne,
which sits at 6 per cent.

Meanwhile, 38 per cent of Melton households have rain water tanks compared with
the metropolitan average of 28 per cent.

And 6 per cent of Melton homes have solar hot-water systems compared with the
Melbourne average of 2 per cent.

Mayor Renata Cugliari said the report highlighted council's work with
environmental groups.

``The findings of this Green Light Report are wonderful news for our community
and it is an excellent indication that Shire of Melton residents really are
environmentally aware,'' she said.

Melton Sustainable Living Group was recently awarded with a grant from council's
community funding program to help establish its operations.

The Green Light Report is at melton.vic.gov.au

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers

JOURNAL-CODE: MTV


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                              June 1, 2012 Friday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

TAPS OFF, LIGHTS OUT, FEES ON FULL BLAST How hidden taxes pile hundreds on to
soaring bills

BYLINE: Grant McArthur and Karen Collier

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 485  words


EXTRAS INCLUDED

THE amount of money charged for the water, gas and electricity content in
typical utility bills is just a drop in the ocean.

Inspection of the fine print on bills reveals that people who are desperately
trying to cut water and energy use are being slugged hundreds of dollars a year
before they turn on a tap.

There are hidden taxes such as water authority environmental charges, and the
cost of green energy programs that are not spelled out.

A breakdown of a $180 Melbourne water bill shows just $32.62 -- 18 per cent --
of the total fee is actually paying for water.

The situation is even more apparent in low gas bills. A $33.94 gas bill contains
just 60c worth of payments for gas -- less than 2 per cent of the total bill --
with the rest made up of service charges and taxes that most Victorians have
little idea of.

A $275 electricity bill at least includes $178 of actual energy charges. But the
remainder is made up of supply charges and taxes.

Even the breakdown of fees listed on water bills tells only half the story.

As revealed by the Herald Sun yesterday, the State Government is raking in $117
million in environmental charges from water authorities, who will have to recoup
an average $56 a year from each Victorian household.

``Other authority charges'' are where the bulk of the hidden fees lie, covering
everything from the protection of rivers to flood warning systems and anything
else water authorities are required to contribute to.

As well as water use, those charges include sewage disposal, covering the
collection and disposal of waste water from your kitchen, laundry and bathroom.

Customers then pay separate fees for water and sewerage service, which are fixed
amounts for access to the supply systems and make up more than half of a $200
bill.

One couple found their $185.90 summer water bill was for just $38.52 of water.
The rest comprised a sewerage disposal use fee and $104.53 in fixed service
charges for access to supply and sewerage systems.

For gas, the supply charge levied before they even flicked an ignition switch
was almost half the $69.96 account. Electricity supply charges made up 35 per
cent of their $216.11 bill.

Power use just a fraction of the bill

Gas

Use: 60

Total bill: $33.94

Water

Use: $32.62

Total bill: $180.40

Electricity

Use: $169.10

Total bill: $275.47

Water Bill

Use: $38.52

Total: $185.90

Electricity

Use: $38.67

Total: $69.96

WATER WORRIES

Proposed price increases for water and sewerage services 2013-18*

Average household bill 2011-12 / Average household bill 2012-13 / 2013-14
average bill* / 2014-15 average bill* / 2015-16 average bill* / 2016-17 average
bill* / 2017-18 average bill*

CITY WEST WATER $811 $880 $1085 $1085 $1085 $1085 $1085

SOUTH EAST WATER $864 $923 $1123 $1123 $1123 $1123 $1123

YARRA VALLEY WATER $929 $1004 $1198 $1198 $1198 $1198 $1198

*All prices exclusive of CPI (1.58% in 2011-12) based on annual usage of 145,000
litres per household

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             August 3, 2004 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

LETTERS

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Letters; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 875 words


One way, perhaps, to

get land deals done

Your article ("Millions lost from black land grants", Herald, July 31-August 1)
makes for interesting reading, despite some omissions. Of course these tracts of
land are rateable by local councils - once the land is developed.

As your article says, much of the disputed real estate is considered waste
ground. In hindsight, maybe some land councils had to do deals with developers
because finance houses would be reluctant to bankroll subdivisions undertaken by
a land councils?

Tom Port,

General manager,

Nambucca Shire Council,

Macksville, August 2.

Sympathy failing

If Karen Brown hopes to win public support by those media interviews, while
claiming to be too fragile to be interviewed by police, she is making a big
mistake ("Guard's game of cash and mouse", Herald, August 2).

Initially she had my unconditional support. But being able to negotiate an
interview for cash, it would seem that she is not as fragile as she claims. Keep
it up, Karen, and you will erode any public sympathy left.

Goyko Bandjen,

Haberfield, August 2.

If the police urgently wanted to interview Karen Brown, they should have done as
the commercial TV stations do and offered her $110,000 for the exclusive,
trumping Channel Seven.

Stephen Driscoll,

Carlingford, August 1.

Pay as you splash

Water should not be priced under a stepped system (Letters, August 2). It's
insane. Just increase the per kilolitre rate and charge the real value for every
kilolitre of water. The proposed pricing model will not solve water woes. The
400-kilolitre a year limit for households, after which an increased water charge
would apply, sends one-person households laughing all the way to the bathtub and
larger families down the drain. Families don't want a two-tiered system. It's
unfair. Let's appreciate the true value of every kilolitre of our limited water
resource.

Megan Vazey,

North Ryde, August 2.

A single's viewpoint

Eva Cox suggests that church members who cannot marry have nothing to say to
women about personal relationships ("Vatican hears women roar", Herald, August
2).

But unless those same single people have no father, mother, sisters, or
brothers, and are psychopathic in their lack of empathy, then their ability to
observe, think and reflect on life is no better or worse than any of the rest of
us.

Reverend Gordon Cheng,

Gladesville, August 2.

Ditch the tin-tops

Transport planner Peter Stopher is behind the times ("Love your traffic jam,
it's progress", Herald, August 2). The Government has been pouring money into
new roads and reducing public transport. Rather than embrace the car we need to
make a serious effort to conserve petrol and cut car use, much like we are doing
with water and electricity.

It may be right to think that public transport in Sydney, at least in its
present form, has had its day, but there is no reason most of us could not cut
down on unnecessary car trips, particularly those short ones where walking and
cycling could substitute. The Olympics proved this.

Bob Moore,

Lilyfield, August 2.

Time to speak up

Tony Kevin's appalling revelations about the drowning of 353 refugees in October
2001 is sad and disgraceful ("Bitter legacy of the ferryman", Herald, August 2).
Apart from the terrible event itself, there is the overwhelming silence from
those Australians who are in the know, and there must be many.

We deserve to know whether our Government, through deliberate neglect of a
sinking boat, assisted in these drownings. If we ignore this cover-up, then
perhaps we have the government we deserve.

Grahame Wilson,

Lane Cove, August 2.

Once bitten ...

No disrespect to Peter Maresch's naivety (Letters, August 2), but John Howard
also said there would never ever be a GST, there were children overboard, and
there were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. So, economic knowledge aside,
forgive me for being a little suspicious when Mr Howard tells us the free trade
agreement with the US is good for Australia.

Ben Stevens,

Hornsby, August 2.

If David Tester (Letters, August 2) wants to see less of Neighbours and McLeod's
Daughters he doesn't need a free trade agreement. Use the remote control.
There's much US product on the air - and always will be.

However, 1.6 million Australians are watching McLeod's Daughters and I believe
they will be able to continue doing so, even if this snake-oil FTA shuffles
through.

What is at issue is the future of the Australian audio-visual industry.

There are scant protections built into the agreement to ensure Australian
content in the media of five or 20 years hence. That's when Australian voices
and stories will no longer be heard. And David Tester will have his wish for
24-hour a day, yee-ha, ass-whippin', book 'em Danno, that's-what-I'm-talkin'
about American culture.

Whatever the opinions about quality, we can't have a better film and TV industry
if we have no film and TV industry. We haven't had a proper debate on the FTA.
We need to reject this version, and have the debate.

Chris Hawkshaw,

Head writer, McLeod's Daughters,

Ashfield, August 2.

Surely recent moves at the World Trade Organisation to bring down farm subsidies
("Historic trade deal to share the riches", Herald, August 2) reduces the need
for Australia to agree to the FTA?

John Dalton,

West Ryde, August 2.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2004 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

SECTION: /EDITORIAL/CONTENT/SCMP/BUSINESS/GENERAL; biz market; Pg.2

LENGTH: 105 words


Today Final: Tse Sui Luen Jewellery (International)


AGM: Beijing Enterprises Water Group, Casablanca Group, CCT Fortis Holdings, CCT
Land Holdings, China Overseas Grand Oceans Group, China Zhongsheng Resources
Holdings, Comtec Solar Systems Group, Great China Properties Holdings, Hong Kong
Ferry (Holdings), Huarong International Financial Holdings, Kingboard Chemical
Holdings, Kingboard Laminates Holdings, North Asia Resources Holdings, Socam
Development, Silver Grant International Industries, Speedy Global Holdings,
Trinity, Top Spring International Holdings, Vital Mobile Holdings, WH Group,
Yanchang Petroleum International

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                            August 14, 2008 Thursday
                              North Wales Edition

First pounds 800 grant for solar system;
WALES

BYLINE: CARL BUTLER

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 171 words


A BRYNFORD man has been given a grant of pounds 800 towards the cost of a solar
hot water system by Flintshire County Council.

Pete Brunton is the first to receive the authority's grant, which is partly paid
by the government's Low Carbon Building Programme managed by the Energy Saving
Trust.

The Flint-Solar Scheme which was launched on July 1 has received a number of
inquiries but only Mr Brunton has so far proceeded to installation.

Mr Brunton said: "I'm delighted with the installation.

"Within an hour of installation, the system was producing hot water."

Nia Prys-Williams Home Energy Conservation Officer, Flintshire County Council,
said: "With record breaking oil prices and the increasing cost of gas, solar hot
water systems are worth investigating for any household with a large hot water
demand."

Flintshire County Council has enough funding to support a further 19
installations in Flintshire.

The authority is keen for more householders to come forward.

You can call 01352 703766 for an information pack.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                              June 26, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Tenants will be forced to agree to water charge

BYLINE: Jennifer Bray

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 760 words


TENANTS will be forced to agree to pay their water charges or face having to
leave their rented home under plans announced by the Government.

The Department of the Environment yesterday published a series of amendments to
a Bill which include changes to water services legislation.

These include a clause which will mean that tenancy agreements must contain an
explicit reference to the fact that the tenant must pay the water charge bills.

This means that tenants who are on annual contracts and who are due to sign new
tenancy agreements may be forced to agree to the new clause. If they don't agree
and do not sign, they will have to leave their home.

The Government already committed to many of the amendments in the Bill last
month as part of a package of measures to deal with non-payment of water bills.

At that time it was announced that the threat of jail would be removed, but
homeowners who refused to pay their water charges face having a charge put on
their properties.

It was also revealed that attachment orders would be implemented for employees
who continue to fail to pay the controversial bill.

However, the Government was accused last night of 'ramming legislation through
the Dáil in a major abuse of legislative process.' Richard Boyd Barrett said
that the measures were 'disgraceful' and 'could threaten private and council
tenants with eviction for refusal to pay water charges'.

The People Before Profit TD said the measures were 'extremely draconian' and
that they 'bypass the normal legislative process'. He said: 'The Environment
Miscellaneous Provisions Bill 2015 did not, until today, have any mention of
water charges and had already passed through the committee stage.

'In a huge sleight of hand and abuse of the legislative process, the Government
published 33 amendments today, after it was too late for any other TD to submit
amendments, and which include major new measures regarding the payment of water
charges.' He stated that one amendment said that the (EURO)100 conservation
grant will not be given to anyone who is not on a database which will be held by
Irish Water.

That clause reads 'a grant... shall not be payable to any person in respect of a
dwelling in respect of any year after 2015 unless on the reckonable date...the
data is included in the database'.

Mr Boyd Barrett said: 'This is clearly aimed at trying to defeat the enormous
and unprecedented mobilisation against water charges and the massive
unprecedented boycott that is now under way.

'It is also an unbelievably undemocratic abuse of Dáil process - bringing in
substantial new laws but bypassing second and committee stages to minimise
proper scrutiny of the legislation by the Dáil and the public.

'However these nasty manoeuvres will meet a response.

'Protests are already being planned. People will be absolutely furious.' A
Department of the Environment spokesman said: 'The Government announced in
November a series of measures to make the system of water charges clearer and
more affordable.

'The Government also approved measures to strengthen the collection of water
charges by Irish Water. The Water Services Act 2014 gave legal effect to a
number of the elements announced.

'These included important customer protection measures including capping the
level of water charges at (EURO)160 for a single-adult house and (EURO)260 for a
household with two or more adults [and] the introduction of a water conservation
grant of (EURO)100 for every eligible household.' According to the department,
this also included making sure that reducing the supply of water to a dwelling
would not happen.

'At the time this legislation was introduced, the minister indicated that
further legislation would be required to give full effect to the Government's
decision on the package of water measures,' he added. 'In this regard the
minister has brought forward the amendments to the Environment [Miscellaneous
Provisions] Bill as published today.

'These amendments include obligations on the owners of properties to provide
information to Irish Water on the occupiers of the property within 20 days of
the start of a tenancy and a deemed obligation, in all new tenancy agreements,
for the occupier/tenant to pay water charges,' said the spokesman.

The amendments published yesterday also provide for the establishment of a water
services database to facilitate the payment of the water conservation grant in
2016 and subsequent years.

It is understood the Dáil will sit late next week in order to debate the
amendments.

jennifer.bray@dailymail.ie

Leases to include bill agreement

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2015 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Eastern Courier Messenger (Australia)

                             May 28, 2008 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Embroiled in a boiler imbroglio

BYLINE: Matthew Abraham

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 647 words


THE average planetary life of a domestic electric hot water heater is somewhere
between 10 to 15 years.

In Adelaide, a household will be lucky to get anywhere near that out of their
water heater.

It is a pure guesstimate, but the life expectancy of the average Adelaide
electric hot water heater is probably closer to six or seven years. Adelaide's
hard, salty water is murder on boilers.

So, how old is your electric hot water heater? And how much money have you got
in the bank? Lots? Good, you are going to need it. Here is why.

From July 1 this year, a new law will be rolled out designed to wipe electric
hot water heaters from the face of Adelaide's suburbs.

For all new houses and any house bought after July, the law kicks in
immediately. Houses owned before July get a year's grace.

It means that by July 2009, when an existing household needs to install or
replace a water heater, it will have to select what the State Hot Water Police
call a ``low-greenhouse water heater'' - such as a high efficiency gas, solar or
heat pump unit.

Some of you may be feeling virtuous at this point, because you already have an
existing gas, solar or heat pump water heater.

If one of these units blows up in a shower of steam, it will also need to be
replaced by a ``low-greenhouse water heater''.

Any appliance that is good for the environment is bad for the bank balance, so
these new systems are more expensive to buy and install. And when installing the
new, you beaut hot water heaters, you must also install low-flow shower heads in
the bathroom.

As a tax-paying citizen, you might be thinking that because these expensive new
standards are being forced on your household, at short notice, the State
Government will increase its existing rebate - designed to coax consumers into
making the switch from electric hot water heaters, to solar systems. You would
be wrong to think that.

The existing $700 subsidy will not be increased, but instead will be reduced to
$500. And rather than being offered to all households, as it has been since
2001, it will only be available to those on low incomes - government concession
card holders. In short, the state subsidy will be withdrawn for the majority of
households. Go figure.

Middle class welfare is no longer in vogue, but even so it seems patently unfair
to impose a potentially big cost burden on families already struggling with
rising mortgage costs and soaring petrol and grocery prices.

At around $2500 to $3000, the new hot water heaters are considerably more
expensive than existing systems, even if you qualify for the commonwealth
rebates.

The State Government found a lazy $1 million for solar panels on the roof of
Adelaide Airport, run by a private consortium at a handsome profit, so green
cash cannot be all that tight.

After deciding to ban electric hot water heaters, the government put out a
discussion paper in March this year. It received only 11 submissions, mainly
from groups with vested interests, with gushing support for the change from
firms making gas, solar or heat pump systems. Funny that.

The most thoughtful response came from an individual, Margaret Oliphant. It is
well worth a read.

But even those who stand to gain from the new standards, such as gas suppliers,
warned the government against rushing ahead with its plans. Despite this, the
new standards start to roll out in just over a month.

The government argues that residential water heating is a ``significant cause of
greenhouse gases'' in SA, accounting for around one third of household,
energy-related greenhouse gas emissions.

Obviously, we could all help save the planet from the alleged greenhouse effect
by taking cold showers, and the way these draconian regulations are going, it
may yet come to that.

m

What do you think? Leave a comment on Matthew Abraham's blog at messengereast.

com.au. He can also be heard on 891 ABC Adelaide from 8.30am each weekday.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEC


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Hills and Valley Messenger (Australia)

                             May 28, 2008 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Embroiled in a boiler imbroglio

BYLINE: Matthew Abraham

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 647 words


THE average planetary life of a domestic electric hot water heater is somewhere
between 10 to 15 years.

In Adelaide, a household will be lucky to get anywhere near that out of their
water heater.

It is a pure guesstimate, but the life expectancy of the average Adelaide
electric hot water heater is probably closer to six or seven years. Adelaide's
hard, salty water is murder on boilers.

So, how old is your electric hot water heater? And how much money have you got
in the bank? Lots? Good, you are going to need it. Here is why.

From July 1 this year, a new law will be rolled out designed to wipe electric
hot water heaters from the face of Adelaide's suburbs.

For all new houses and any house bought after July, the law kicks in
immediately. Houses owned before July get a year's grace.

It means that by July 2009, when an existing household needs to install or
replace a water heater, it will have to select what the State Hot Water Police
call a ``low-greenhouse water heater'' - such as a high efficiency gas, solar or
heat pump unit.

Some of you may be feeling virtuous at this point, because you already have an
existing gas, solar or heat pump water heater.

If one of these units blows up in a shower of steam, it will also need to be
replaced by a ``low-greenhouse water heater''.

Any appliance that is good for the environment is bad for the bank balance, so
these new systems are more expensive to buy and install. And when installing the
new, you beaut hot water heaters, you must also install low-flow shower heads in
the bathroom.

As a tax-paying citizen, you might be thinking that because these expensive new
standards are being forced on your household, at short notice, the State
Government will increase its existing rebate - designed to coax consumers into
making the switch from electric hot water heaters, to solar systems. You would
be wrong to think that.

The existing $700 subsidy will not be increased, but instead will be reduced to
$500. And rather than being offered to all households, as it has been since
2001, it will only be available to those on low incomes - government concession
card holders. In short, the state subsidy will be withdrawn for the majority of
households. Go figure.

Middle class welfare is no longer in vogue, but even so it seems patently unfair
to impose a potentially big cost burden on families already struggling with
rising mortgage costs and soaring petrol and grocery prices.

At around $2500 to $3000, the new hot water heaters are considerably more
expensive than existing systems, even if you qualify for the commonwealth
rebates. The State Government found a lazy $1 million for solar panels on the
roof of Adelaide Airport, run by a private consortium at a handsome profit, so
green cash cannot be all that tight.

After deciding to ban electric hot water heaters, the government put out a
discussion paper in March this year. It received only 11 submissions, mainly
from groups with vested interests, with gushing support for the change from
firms making gas, solar or heat pump systems. Funny that.

The most thoughtful response came from an individual, Margaret Oliphant. It is
well worth a read.

But even those who stand to gain from the new standards, such as gas suppliers,
warned the government against rushing ahead with its plans. Despite this, the
new standards start to roll out in just over a month.

The government argues that residential water heating is a ``significant cause of
greenhouse gases'' in SA, accounting for around one third of household,
energy-related greenhouse gas emissions.

Obviously, we could all help save the planet from the alleged greenhouse effect
by taking cold showers, and the way these draconian regulations are going, it
may yet come to that.

m

What do you think? Leave a comment on Matthew Abraham's blog at messengereast.

com.au. He can also be heard on 891 ABC Adelaide from 8.30am each weekday.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           December 4, 2004 Saturday
                                  All Editions

Penobscot County towns investigate income status

BYLINE: NICK SAMBIDES JR. OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. C2

LENGTH: 566 words


Millinocket, Medway and East Millinocket have or will soon qualify as low- to
moderate-income communities and be eligible for hundreds of thousands of dollars
in state grant money.

That was the word Friday from John Moriarty, a technical assistance provider
with RCAP Solutions, a free, private, nonprofit survey company in Massachusetts
that the Penobscot County towns brought in for the survey.

"The surveys are not all in yet for Millinocket or Medway, but they are almost
done. They both look like they will qualify," Moriarty said Friday.
"Mattawamkeag qualified two years ago."The survey data East Millinocket
residents completed showed that the town is a low- to moderate-income community,
or LMI, but that status will help the town qualify for a $50,000 state Community
Development Block Grant to build a new swimming pool, town Administrative
Assistant Shirley Tapley said.

The news might be depressing, but it has value, she said. The grant program
exists to help communities attract business, improve infrastructure, create
housing and improve water quality, among other things.

"If you're found to be LMI, that's what you're found to be. You might as well
take advantage of it and see what you can get in funding," Tapley said.

Of the 324 East Millinocket surveys returned to RCAP Solutions, 170 households
listed themselves as low- to moderate income, while 154 had higher incomes,
Tapley said. State grant regulations require at least 51 percent of all
households surveyed to be LMI to qualify for aid.

The state uses a sliding-scale qualification system to define LMI. A one-person
household's income is less than $26,550, a two-person is less than $30,350, a
three-person is less than $34,150 and a four-person is less than $37,900.

The Millinocket survey effort is about 25 surveys short of finished, Moriarty
said. The surveys don't seek to identify residents by name, and the returned
surveys are confidential.

East Millinocket will use the data to finish its application for $50,000 to
renovate the community pool. Portions of the pool's bathhouse and office area
will be renovated over the winter before the pool opens in June, Tapley said.

With full funding, the pool also will get some resurfacing, its ramp for
disabled residents and deck will be redone, and its major equipment - pump,
filter, filter sand, valves - will be replaced, recreation director Frank Clukey
has said. Town residents voted to allocate $70,000 to rebuild or renovate the
pool during a town meeting in May.

Moriarty said he hoped to finish the Millinocket and Medway surveys soon. Those
results could help the pool aid grant to be approved. The pool serves residents
in East Millinocket, Millinocket, Medway and Woodville.

Regional grants generally carry more weight than grants for single towns, he
said. Most single-municipality grants usually offer as much as $400,000 in
funding or matching funds from the state, but regional grants can go much
higher.

The East Millinocket Board of Selectmen will meet at 4 p.m. Monday, Dec. 6, to
discuss and possibly approve the grant application and LMI survey results. The
grant applications must be on the state government's doorstep by Dec. 10, Tapley
said.

The selectmen probably will discuss other projects the town might want to
pursue. One of Tapley's favorites is downtown lighting improvements done to
coincide with the town's 100-year birthday in 2007, she said.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Bangor Daily News


                              731 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             March 22, 2015 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Irish Water is trickling through to acceptance

SECTION: EDITORIAL; OPINION; LEADING ARTICLES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 439 words


The government's long game on Irish Water may yet pay off. Yesterday's protest
notwithstanding, the number of households signing up for the utility, if not
exactly gushing, is certainly increasing at a steady trickle. Almost 1.24m
customers from an estimated base of 1.5m have now registered their details with
Irish Water. This figure includes about 247,000 householders who will not be
required to pay charges, for even those who have access to septic tanks and
wells must register to avail of the (EURO)100 household grant payable to all
customers. Therefore, the "holdouts" now number in the region of 260,000.

More than a quarter of a million people is still a sizeable constituency, and it
is still too soon to know how much electoral damage this disaffected rump could
do to Fine Gael and Labour. However, we all know people who wait until the last
minute before signing up for anything, so we can expect the number of
non-registered households to shrink when the first water bills arrive next
month. The hardliners are a different proposition, however. They may sign up to
avoid the fines payable on default, but they will take their revenge on polling
day.

Right2Water, the alliance leading the various groups opposed to charges, claims
it is winning the battle against the imposition of this tax, but there is scant
evidence to support that proposition. The households who are eligible to pay,
and who have already registered, outnumber the protesters by almost five to one.
With billing taking place every 12 weeks, a net payment of (EURO)40 every
quarter - or a little over (EURO)3 a week - is difficult to argue against.

The lack of investment in the state's water supply has been an ongoing scandal
for www.decades.No party - at either national or local level - saw the political
benefit in spending the billions required to fix a system in which 40% of
expensively treated water leaked into the ground. Having been forced into action
by the bailout troika, the coalition parties are taking a political hit for
decades of inaction, and without the benefit of the investment funds originally
earmarked to upgrade the system. That's the worst of both worlds.

In addition, a dizzying number of U-turns have been executed to bring water
charges close to negligible levels. The fixed-payment element of the scheme
means promoting water conservation, the most important justification for
charges, has been jettisoned for www.now.No doubt that, and other mistakes, will
be revisited when the pricing structure is reviewed in three years' time. In the
meantime, Irish consumers will pay the cheapest water charges in the European
Union.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Berwickshire News

                           November 8, 2012 Thursday

Householders in Dunbar area are being encouraged to Be Green'

LENGTH: 289  words


HOUSEHOLDERS in the Dunbar area are being offered grants to install solar water
heating systems with funding from the Aikengall Wind Farm owners' Community
Windpower Ltd.

The company, which commissioned the Dunbar wind farm, wants to encourage home
owners be green' and use the sun's energy for hot water.

Community Windpower's new BeGreen grant covers 40 per cent - or up to £1,200 -
of the installation cost of a domestic solar thermal hot water system.

Combining the grant with other existing schemes means that Dunbar and East
Linton residents could install some systems for less than £1,500.

They are already eligible for a discounted system under the East Lothian Solar
Thermal Offer run by Be Green Dunbar and District, East Lothian Council and
Energy Saving Scotland - and access to £300 cashback through the Government's
Renewable Heat Premium Payment.

The Scottish Government's interest-free Home Renewables Loan can also help with
the cost.

BeGreen Dunbar and District advice project is grant-funded by Community
Windpower Ltd.

Diane Wood, managing director of Community Windpower Ltd, said: "We are
delighted to be grant assisting local people who want to harness solar energy.
It will be particularly attractive to families who have a high demand for hot
water or households in off gas' areas where fuel costs are very high.

"We hope that the BeGreen grant combined with great discounted prices will
encourage and enable residents in the ward to install solar thermal panels to
generate their own hot water, reduce their fuel bills and their carbon
footprint."

For further information visit the BeGreen shop on West Port, Dunbar, or,
alternatively, you can call the Energy Saving Scotland advice centre free on
0800 512 012.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SBBN


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Bloomberg View: Finally, maybe, long-delayed help for polluted Flint

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Columnists

LENGTH: 397 words


Two years after Flint residents first had to start boiling their tap water, 21
months after researchers discovered it had dangerously high levels of lead, and
six months after lawmakers failed to pass a bill providing the Michigan city
with federal assistance to repair the system, Congress is on the verge of
actually doing something about Flint's contaminated water supply. But no one
should be under the impression that it will eliminate the problem.

The Flint crisis is both unique and typical. By switching Flint's water supply
without treating the new water with proper chemicals several years ago, city
officials damaged the system's lead pipes, and repairs will cost anywhere from
$100 million to $1.5 billion. Meanwhile, lead pipes still deliver water to
millions of U.S. homes. Without a plan and resources to replace them, there will
be more Flints.

These are the issues the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works
intends to address in a bill that would provide $100 million in grants for
cities that have declared lead emergencies. It would also make available about
$20 million to replace lead pipes nationwide.

Neither figure is sufficient. Flint is so far the only city to have declared an
emergency, but others could follow. Even if Flint were to get every dollar of
that $100 million, the process envisioned by the bill ccc the state and city
must prepare household-by-household proposals, each reviewed by the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency, before the money can be released ccc could take
years. And the $20 million proposed for a new nationwide program is about half
what just one medium-sized city (Lansing, Michigan) spent in the last 11 years
to replace its 14,000 lead service lines.

The main responsibility for replacing lead pipes lies with cities and water
utilities, which have delayed unpopular rate hikes. Congress's role should be to
supplement these efforts. To that end, the bill includes $70 million in seed
money for a program that lets water utilities borrow from the U.S. Treasury.
That could make available as much as $4.2 billion in new capital.

But those loans are generally prohibited from covering more than 49 percent of
the cost of a project, leaving cities to come up with the rest. Many face
similar economic challenges as Flint, and will be unable to find the money.
Federal grants will need to be a bigger part of the solution.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                          September 29, 2012 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Guiding homeowners to green renovations

BYLINE: The Leader-Post

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. AA11

LENGTH: 888 words


"There are many reasons for undertaking a "green" "There renovation," said Stu
Niebergall, executive director of the Regina & Region Home Builders' Association
(RRHBA). For example, many of us would like to see progress in addressing
important environmental issues such as climate change and reducing greenhouse
gas emissions and protecting our natural resources. At the same time, many
homeowners are interested in lowering operating costs and adding value to their
homes. Having a healthy home also tops the list for many. "The good news is that
with a home renovation, any project - large or small -can be a step towards a
"greener" home," said Niebergall.

There are three important steps to work through when "greening" a renovation
project: increasing energy and water efficiency; ensuring clean indoor air; and,
choosing resource-smart materials and products.

"By far the most important of the "green" options is saving energy and water,"
said Niebergall. Renovating offers the opportunity to significantly reduce the
amount of energy and water used in the household, thus reducing the impact on
the environment and saving on operating costs now and in years to come. These
upgrades can also add value to the home if there is the decision to sell. There
is a wide range of energy and water efficiency improvements that can be made.

For starters, you can replace or upgrade heating systems with high-efficiency
equipment, and when doing so, look for ENERGY STAR® certified products. If the
project involves exposing exterior walls or renovating the exterior, take the
opportunity to add insulation. When installing new windows, choose
higher-performance windows and look for ENERGY STAR® certification.

Upgrade light fixtures and bulbs to compact fluorescent, halogen and LED lights.
If water heating equipment is getting old, consider replacing it with new, more
energy efficient models, and replace appliances with new ENERGY STAR®
appliances.

Niebergall said that one of the best steps to take before planning a renovation
is to get a home energy assessment from an independent, certified, home energy
evaluator. This will identify how the home uses energy, where it is being wasted
and what changes need to be made. This can assist greatly with the renovation
plans and is an essential component in qualifying for an energy upgrade grant.

Until Oct. 31, 2013, Saskatchewan homeowners are eligible for home energy
upgrade grants through the Saskatchewan EnerGuide for Houses Retrofit Grant
Program. To qualify, homeowners must have an initial evaluation before work is
started and a second evaluation once work is completed. The maximum provincial
grant is $5,000.

Niebergall also explained that a renovation project is the perfect opportunity
to improve indoor air quality, and protect family's health from moulds,
chemicals and other pollutants. A healthy home needs proper ventilation to bring
in fresh air and get rid of stale or moist air, chemicals and other indoor
pollutants. As the home is made more airtight, additional ventilation may be
needed to keep indoor air fresh and healthy. Consider adding a heat recovery
ventilator that delivers fresh air but does not add to heating costs.
"House-as-asystem" thinking is important when planning a renovation, because
changes made to one part of the home can affect other parts. Ask about "clean
air" products that can be used when upgrading. Such products include
pre-finished hardwood flooring, ceramic, stone, marble and other hard-surface
tiles for flooring and walls and low-or no-VOC paints and adhesives..

"Choosing resource-smart products and materials is another important method of
"greening" a renovation," said Niebergall. Some products are made from easily
renewable or well-managed resources or natural materials that involve less
processing. Some products are also made from recycled materials. For example,
Crown Shred & Recycling carries a low-maintenance building material that is made
from recycled local product. Ask suppliers for the "green" information on the
particular product options. Locally-produced materials reduce energy-intensive
transportation. Durable products that last longer may cost a little more
upfront, but are money-saving and better for the environment over time.

One can also check out the Habitat for Humanity ReStore, which sells new and
used surplus building supplies. "This helps to reduce costs and divert materials
from the landfill, and proceeds go to help fund housing projects for low-income
families," said Niebergall.

Professional renovators are helping homeowners take a leadership role on these
issues. A professional renovator can guide homeowners through their "green"
choices, pointing out features, costs and benefits. Look for the RenoMarkT logo
when looking for a professional renovator. RenoMarkT renovators are members of
the RRHBA and they have the expertise when it comes to "green" home renovations.

There are many reasons for choosing to go with a "green" renovation - it is a
personal decision. "But," said Niebergall, "whether it is for financial savings
by lowering household operating costs and adding value to the home, or because
of the benefits to the environment or to personal health, it is always the right
choice to go "green" in renovating." For more information, go to
www.reginahomebuilders. com.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / An important step towards a greener home is saving energy and water,
and renovating offers an opportunity to significantly reduce the amount of
energy and water used in the household.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2012 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 15, 2013 Monday

Jacksonville officials hoping for grant to improve water system

BYLINE: Laura Johnson, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 577 words


April 15--Jacksonville city leaders hope to receive a $450,000 grant for
upgrades to the community's water system to improve fire protection and save
money.

If successful in securing the Community Development Block Grant, Jacksonville
will replace mains, valves and water lines. The project, which would entail
rerouting the lines beneath unpaved rights of way, would result in improvements
to the water system on Vann and Coffee streets, and improvements to the
underground system along Fifth, Sixth and Eighth avenues in Jacksonville.

Community Development Block Grants have been used to make improvements in
Jacksonville for several years. The city has used the grant program to fund
street resurfacing projects, housing redevelopment projects and other
infrastructure improvements, said Lynn Causey, the city's planner.

Causey said it could be several months before the city knows whether it will
receive the grant. She added that even if the city does get the money, it will
be at least a year before crews begin doing the planned improvement work.

According to Causey, the water system work would improve fire protection service
by giving firefighters better water pressure. She said it would also help city
utility workers locate water lines more easily, which would save money and time
when water lines leak.

Jacksonville is not the only area municipality pursuing a Community Development
Block Grant this year. Last week Piedmont applied for money from the grant fund
to rebuild a senior center. Hobson City is also pursuing a grant to fund
improvements to residents' homes.

The grants are offered on a competitive basis to small cities, which are defined
as cities with fewer than 3,000 residents; to large cities, which are defined as
cities with more than 3,000 residents; and to counties regardless of their
population.

Larger cities, including Anniston, are guaranteed money from the grant fund and
do not have to compete for it. Other "entitlement cities" in Alabama include
Birmingham and Mobile, said Diane Glenn, a principal planner with East Alabama
Regional Planning and Development Commission.

The grant allocation for cities the size of Jacksonville is $450,000, but that
could be reduced before the grants are awarded.

That's because the total grant allocation has yet to be issued due to
sequestration, the across-the-board cuts to the federal budget that took effect
March 1.

The top funding allocation has already fallen to $450,000 from $500,000 in
recent years.

"It may go down from $450,000 to we don't know what," Glenn said. "The money
keeps getting less and the need keeps getting more."

Glenn said the federal government usually reports in February how much funding
will be available.

In Alabama, Community Development Block Grants are disbursed by the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development through the Alabama Department of
Economic and Community Affairs. Since 1982 ADECA has awarded $700 million in
federal Community Development Block Grant Funding for roughly 2,000 projects.

In keeping with federal standards, 51 percent of the people that benefit from
the project must live in low- or moderate- income households, aid in the
prevention or clearance of slums and blighted communities, or meet an urgent
need.

Staff writer Laura Johnson: 256-235-3544. On Twitter @LJohnson_Star.

___ (c)2013 The Anniston Star (Anniston, Ala.) Visit The Anniston Star
(Anniston, Ala.) at www.annistonstar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130415-AO-Jacksonville-officials-hoping-for-grant-to-improve-
water-system-0415-20130415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2013 The Anniston Star


                              736 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

Non-registration tariff less than some water bills

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 464 words


Households that refuse to register their full details are being warned they face
a default tariff based on charges for two adults with no free allowances.
However, that works out at  424 per year   less than the  483 that a family of
four adults or a couple with two grown-up children living at home who register
and receive allowances   will be billed. The anomaly emerged as the Commission
for Energy Regulation yesterday signed off on the water company s charging
scheme in advance of charges beginning today.

The CER said any issue that might arise with households refusing to register
would have to be addressed by Irish Water. The firm admitted the system could be
abused, but urged people to register with their full details. While charging
starts today, households will get their first bill in January covering the
October to December period, with subsequent bills every three months after that.
Only one third of households will have water meters by then, so all those who
have registered will have their bill capped at an  assessed  or standard charge,
starting at  44 for one adult, unless they have a meter and it shows a lower
amount. The Society of St Vincent de Paul heavily criticised the arrangements,
saying yesterday s last-minute confirmation of charges by the CER made a
mockery  of the regulatory system. Head of policy John-Mark McCafferty also said
there were real fears that the charges would rise once the current fixed charge
period ended in 2016.  The government subsidy is the most significant aspect of
pricing for households and it is far from certain that the level of subsidy will
remain post 2016,  said Mr McCafferty. Without it, he said, the  240 cited by
the Government as the likely average national bill could be closer to  600. Mr
McCafferty was also critical of the CER s move to apply a set charge of  125 for
unoccupied dwellings   down from the  160 it proposed earlier this year. His
criticism came as it emerged that some government ministers can claim water
charges as expenses on second homes.  Customers without second homes are
effectively subsidising owners of second or indeed multiple homes,  he said.
This process has been rushed through and will result in severe impositions on
vulnerable families and individuals.  Irish Water said it believed it could
provide a value-for-money service by investing in improving Ireland s neglected
water infrastructure. The firm dealt with eight burst water mains in seven
counties alone yesterday, and had to disrupt supplies in 15 other areas for
emergency or essential maintenance works. Water bills Your bill in January (and
for the full year): - One adult household    44 ( 176) - Two adults  70 ( 278) -
Three adults  95 ( 381) - Four adults  121 ( 483) - Each additional adult  25 (
102)

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                          February 11, 1998, Wednesday

ROCKY POINT / To apply for $ 3 million loan; Pender seeks water-system funding

BYLINE: By STACEY HIRSH, Staff writer

SECTION: Local/Regional; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 318 words


With the town of Burgaw's help, Pender County will try to borrow $ 3 million to
help build a water system at Rocky Point.

Burgaw Commissioners voted unanimously Tuesday to let Pender County borrow the
town's public water supply number. The county needs the identification number to
become eligible for a $ 3 million Clean Water Bond loan, said Town Manager Andy
Honeycutt.

Burgaw would not be involved in applying for or repaying the loan.

The county may still decide to use Maple Hill's number instead, County Manager
John Bauer said.

The county has already applied for a couple of grants to help pay for the water
project, which is expected to cost more than $ 7 million for the first phase in
Rocky Point. A public hearing will be held next week to discuss how a $ 3.6
million disaster recovery grant should be spent. The county would like to see $
3 million of that go toward the water system.

A $ 1.1 million grant from the federal Economic Development Administration also
will go toward the project. To qualify for the grant, the county had to use the
money to attract a new industry that would bring jobs to the area. Mr. Bauer has
said the county wanted to start the system at Rocky Point because DEL
Laboratories opened a plant there and hopes to expand.

Any repayment of loans or grants would be done with money from user fees, so tax
money would not be used. The commissioners said last week that residents who
sign up initially would pay a $ 200 hook-up fee. But if they wait, the cost
would go up to $ 400 and eventually to $ 800 to connect. The monthly rate for
service would be about $ 28 to $ 32, they said.

The project would supply water to approximately 1,100 households and DEL Labs.
Eventually, it could be expanded countywide.

Work on the water project should begin by December and be finished in 1999 or
early 2000, said Timothy Baldwin of McKim & Creed.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                              738 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            January 25, 1993 Monday
                                  Late Edition

GOVT KEEPS RIVER TAX OPTION OPEN

BYLINE: ELIZABETH JURMAN

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 549 words


The State Government is still considering imposing a levy on 1.1 million
households in the troubled Hawkesbury-Nepean river's catchment area, six months
after receiving the final report of the Hawkesbury-Nepean Task Force.

The confidential report, a copy of which has been obtained by the Herald,
recommends that a trust be set up to manage the river with a $3.5 million grant
and possible financing from a levy on households from Goulburn to Gosford.

The river - which supplies water to 97 per cent of Sydney - has been described
as an open sewer at low tide by the Water Board.

In October, the Herald revealed that the imposition of a levy was one of the
recommendations to be considered by the Government.

At the time, the Minister for Conservation and Land Management, Mr West, denied
there were plans to introduce a levy. He later said that he could neither
confirm nor deny the introduction of a levy.

The Government has had the final report of the HawkesburyNepean task force since
July but has refused to release it.

A spokesman for Mr West said last week that the report was a Cabinet submission,
which would be considered by Cabinet "soon".

The Opposition's environment spokeswoman, Ms Pam Allan, said yesterday that Mr
West's "irresponsible inaction" demonstrated that he had no interest in
rejuvenating the HawkesburyNepean river system.

The report recommended that an 11-member HawkesburyNepean Catchment Management
Trust be set up to clean up the river.

"According to Mr West, Cabinet was going to create the trust on January 1, but
instead the Government has kept the task force report secret for six months and
Cabinet has not even discussed the issue," Ms Allan said.

She called on the Government to release the report and set up the trust as a
matter of urgency.

According to the report: "The proposed Hawkesbury-Nepean Catchment Management
Trust would be an openly accountable body, free of vested interests, and have
the single focus and responsibility of working towards a'healthy and productive
river system and catchment' ..."

The management of the river falls under 26 acts of Parliament, eight ministerial
portfolios, 15 State Government departments and agencies, 13 local councils and
160 aldermen and councillors.

The report recommends that the Government provide a one-off allocation $3of.5
million to accelerate priority work on the Regional Environmental Plan and
establish the Hawkesbury-Nepean Catchment Management Trust.

Further funds would be raised "from a variety of sources through government and
the private sector, which may include the levying of a 'catchment contribution'
on lands within the trust area or part of the trust area to fund programs within
the trust's corporate plan", the report said.

Sources said the Environment Protection Authority (EPA) and the Water Board were
not in favour of the report's recommendations, and this was delaying its
implementation.

However, a spokesman for the EPA said the authority could not comment on the
situation as it was a matter for government policy.

According to the report, the river system is one of Australia's most important
natural resources.

"However, it is showing signs of serious decline. Decreasing water quality, a
dwindling river economy and escalating land and riverbank degradation are but
some of the symptoms."

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1993 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Newcastle Herald (Australia)

                             June 7, 2007 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Down the drain;
FERN BAY FLASH - Primary entry #26: Fern Bay PS. SCHOOL NEWSPAPER

BYLINE: Editorial By ZACHARY DONNELLY, KANDICE LING and GRANT CUNNINGHAM

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 421 words


AUSTRALIA is in the grip of a water crisis. In NSW and other states, water
restrictions have been introduced to combat the shortage.

Australia is currently experiencing a long drought the second in a decade.

Water is a precious resource and attempts to use it more efficiently are always
welcome.

However, any serious discussion of water shortages needs to identify where it is
going, and it isn't mostly down domestic sinks, into our gardens or swimming
pools.

Some key issues are being glossed over in the current climate of water panic.

According to the Australian Bureau of Statistics, Australian households consumed
only 9 per cent of the 25,000 gigalitres consumed in 2004.

The agriculture industry consumed 60 per cent of this total.

In NSW over the same period, the agricultural industry consumed 78 per cent of
the total water volume and total household consumption was just 7 per cent.

The figures are fairly even across the states.

These figures raise new questions: why is the government and media campaign
focused on household consumption? And is the solution really a new showerhead
and a brick in the cistern?

What is needed is more planning and democratic control of vital resources like
water.

The focus of concern needs to be shifted from household consumers to the real
guzzlers of Australia's most precious water supply the agriculture, mining and
manufacturing industries.

Where household consumption is concerned, governments should be supplying and
installing free of charge the showerheads, grey-water systems and other water
saving devices that it promotes.

More importantly, federal and state governments need to make more concerted
efforts to reverse the key environment crises making Australian extremes even
more extreme.

During climatic extremes those on the land feel it the most.

Agriculture suffers severely yet it impacts on everyone. Drought disrupts
cropping programs, reduces breeding stock and threatens erosion of the capital
of farming enterprises. Declining productivity affects rural Australia and the
national economy.

The risk of serious environmental damage, particularly through vegetation loss
and soil erosion, has long-term effects on the sustainability of our
agricultural industries.

There's little doubt that people are increasingly conscious of water being a
precious resource.

Householders are being water-wise and it is now time for industries to be
environmentally responsible as part of the solution to the problem. Water saving
must be a joint effort of industry, households and government.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: - Illustration by Callen Reddish

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Newcastle Newspapers Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Newcastle Herald (Australia)

                             June 7, 2007 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Down the drain;
FERN BAY FLASH - Primary entry #26: Fern Bay PS. SCHOOL NEWSPAPER

BYLINE: Editorial By ZACHARY DONNELLY, KANDICE LING and GRANT CUNNINGHAM

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 421 words


AUSTRALIA is in the grip of a water crisis. In NSW and other states, water
restrictions have been introduced to combat the shortage.

Australia is currently experiencing a long drought the second in a decade.

Water is a precious resource and attempts to use it more efficiently are always
welcome.

However, any serious discussion of water shortages needs to identify where it is
going, and it isn't mostly down domestic sinks, into our gardens or swimming
pools.

Some key issues are being glossed over in the current climate of water panic.

According to the Australian Bureau of Statistics, Australian households consumed
only 9 per cent of the 25,000 gigalitres consumed in 2004.

The agriculture industry consumed 60 per cent of this total.

In NSW over the same period, the agricultural industry consumed 78 per cent of
the total water volume and total household consumption was just 7 per cent.

The figures are fairly even across the states.

These figures raise new questions: why is the government and media campaign
focused on household consumption? And is the solution really a new showerhead
and a brick in the cistern?

What is needed is more planning and democratic control of vital resources like
water.

The focus of concern needs to be shifted from household consumers to the real
guzzlers of Australia's most precious water supply the agriculture, mining and
manufacturing industries.

Where household consumption is concerned, governments should be supplying and
installing free of charge the showerheads, grey-water systems and other water
saving devices that it promotes.

More importantly, federal and state governments need to make more concerted
efforts to reverse the key environment crises making Australian extremes even
more extreme.

During climatic extremes those on the land feel it the most.

Agriculture suffers severely yet it impacts on everyone. Drought disrupts
cropping programs, reduces breeding stock and threatens erosion of the capital
of farming enterprises. Declining productivity affects rural Australia and the
national economy.

The risk of serious environmental damage, particularly through vegetation loss
and soil erosion, has long-term effects on the sustainability of our
agricultural industries.

There's little doubt that people are increasingly conscious of water being a
precious resource.

Householders are being water-wise and it is now time for industries to be
environmentally responsible as part of the solution to the problem. Water saving
must be a joint effort of industry, households and government.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: - Illustration by Callen Reddish

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Newcastle Newspapers Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Manchin and Capito Announce More Than $12 Million in Funding from
U.S. Department of Agriculture

LENGTH: 384  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Joe Manchin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators  Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV) today
announced loans and grants for five projects in West Virginia to develop water
and wastewater infrastructure. The funds have been awarded by the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) and will provide rural communities with the
resources necessary to improve or repair their water and wastewater systems.





 USDA has awarded $12,246,000 to four West Virginia communities for projects in
the Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. This program provides
crucial funding for projects that promote clean drinking water systems, sanitary
sewage and solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households and
businesses.



 Additionally, a $500,000 grant has been awarded to the Mingo County Public
Service District for the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG)
program, which assists in the preparation or recovery process for emergencies
threatening the availability of safe and reliable drinking water.



 &ldquo;It is important to invest in infrastructure projects like these that
make sure our communities are connected to the basic necessities of life, like
water,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;All West Virginians deserve access to
clean and safe water, and this funding will improve our water systems to ensure
the health and safety of our residents. This project will also help boost
economic development, protect tourism activities in these regions and improve
the prosperity of our families, businesses and communities. I will continue to
work to make these commonsense infrastructure investments a reality.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;It is essential that every West Virginian have access to clean water.
This funding will not only assist rural communities throughout the state in
repairing and establishing safer and more reliable water and waste systems, but
it will also help solidify local economies,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;I
am pleased to join Senator Manchin in announcing this important funding that
will help to strengthen our communities and keep our residents healthy.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Dubbo Daily Liberal

                              May 30, 2016 Monday

MORE than 80,000 vulnerable, low-income households

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 277 words


MORE than 80,000 vulnerable, low-income households across NSW that use Liquefied
Petroleum Gas (LPG) to power their homes are expected to benefit from a new LPG
rebate.

Dubbo MP Deputy Premier Troy Grant and Minister for Industry, Resources and
Energy, Anthony Roberts have announced the $90 Gas Rebate would be extended to
households that relied upon reticulated or delivered LPG for heating, cooking
and powering their hot water systems and that are not connected to a natural gas
distribution network. Mr Grant said the $8 million initiative recognised that
vulnerable residents unconnected to gas networks were just as deserving of a
rebate as those that are. The average LPG household bill is between $500 to
$550.

"The vast majority of households that rely upon LPG to power their homes are
outside the Sydney metropolitan area, including Gosford, Tamworth, Grafton,
Dubbo, Port Macquarie and Batemans Bay," Mr Grant said. "We're taking some of
the financial pressure off regional residents who rely on LPG as part of their
daily lives."

Mr Roberts said the Gas Rebate had previously only been available to households
connected to the natural gas distribution network. Households eligible for the
Gas Rebate will still be able to apply for other financial assistance under the
NSW Government's rebates program. "This rebate is critical for customers in
regional areas who do not have access to the natural gas network and who thereby
rely upon LPG," Mr Roberts said.

Eligible LPG customers will be able to apply for the new rebate from 1 July
2016. For more information on the NSW Government's energy rebates visit:
http://www.resourcesandenergy.nsw.gov.au/rebates.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Longford Leader

                           January 23, 2013 Wednesday

Register your water systems

LENGTH: 169  words


Cllr John Browne (FG) has reminded local householders, that February 1, 2013 is
the deadline for registration of septic tank/domestic waste water system.

"You will not be able to register after that, and if your system fails you will
not be able to apply for remediation grants," the local area representative
said. "It is not a good idea to ignore the deadline as this will create
additional annoyance for homeowners."

He went on to say that there are grants available and those in a position to
avail of them, should do so.

"There are remediation grants available if your system fails the inspection," he
added. "Household Income up to [#x20ac]50,000 will attract a maximum grant of
[#x20ac]4,000 or 80 per cent of the cost, whichever is the lower, and those on
income between [#x20ac]50,001 to [#x20ac]75,000 will qualify for a maximum grant
of [#x20ac]2,500 or 50 per cent of the cost - whichever is the lower.  I would
also like to take the opportunity to draw readers' attention to the Protect Our
Water' advertisement in this week's publication."

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ILOL


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                           November 30, 2010 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

Government must roll up its sleeves and ensure household food security

BYLINE:  Attwell Nazo and |Katishi Masemola

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 762 words


It's time for the state to intervene to ensure household food security - the
ability of families to access food at affordable prices - through active
participation in production and distribution, as well as through policy measures
that defend the nation's food security and sovereignty.

At the centre of enhancing national food security - our ability to produce
enough to feed our citizens - should be the drive to reverse this country's
status from a net food importer back to a net food exporter.

Ninety percent of food consumed is purchased and 10 percent is produced, either
by co-operative farming or by subsistence farming, for own consumption.

Therefore, a big section of society depends on retail-supplied food to feed
themselves.

Availability of food supplies depends on sustained production and/or processing
by private sector players in the food production/processing stage of the value
chain.

Food accessibility relies on distribution channels to ensure that food supplies
are able to reach retail centres in communities, both urban and rural.

What then becomes critical to communities, particularly households, is the
ability to purchase food, particularly staple food products, at reasonable
prices.

The government's Industrial Policy Action Plans 2 does prioritise
agro-processing as one of the sectors with potential to create more jobs and to
meet the basic need of food security for South Africans.

However, this should be supported by trade policy measures such as tariff
protection against highly subsidised food imports.

There is a need to fast-track the land reform and agricultural transformation
programmes in order to create and support co-operative, subsistence, and
small-scale farming and agro-processing enterprises across product lines, from
livestock and crops to verticulture and horticulture.

At the heart of the successful growth of small players will be infrastructure,
from roads and rail infrastructure to a public transport system, and from
electricity and water supply to telecommunications facilities.

And this infrastructure support should be supplemented with other services
support. At the primary agricultural level, our country needs to give focused
support services to subsistence, co-operative and small-scale farmers on a range
of needs.

This stretches from extension services and research and development needs to
affordable supplies of seeds and fertilisers.

Land reform should involve distribution of idle state-owned land to the
land-hungry for purposes of agricultural economic activity, and a large-scale
support programme to the land reform beneficiaries.

In addition, commercial and established farmers must engage in some affirmative
procurement and enterprise development to ensure growth of co-operative and
small-scale farmers and input and agricultural services suppliers.

Land ownership policy should heavily regulate ownership of land used for game
farming, golf courses, entertainment and other luxurious and non-economic
activities - and even prohibit sheer speculative activity.

Also, expropriation policy is needed on idle and absentee-farmer land in the
private sector for land reform for agricultural activities.

To ensure that households are able to afford food, there is a need to intervene
in both the supply side and the demand side.

On the demand side, this will involve sustaining and increasing household
incomes.

The government's intervention on the demand side thus far has been in the form
of increasing value and volumes of social grants, to allow the poor to purchase
staple food.

However, there is a sizeable "chunk" of the population that does not enjoy these
relief measures.

There are families with unemployed people who are too young to receive old-age
grants and too old to receive child support grants and too healthy and
able-bodied to receive disability grants.

It is, thus, necessary for the government to introduce income transfer
mechanisms that cover those falling outside the current social safety
net/security system. The most cost-effective mechanism remains a Basic Income
Grant for everyone.

We would also like to see a state-owned food procurement and distribution
company which will purchase food from producers and processors and retail those
at very affordable prices to poor communities and households.

We would also urge state involvement at other stages of the value chain,
including in farming and processing of selected staple |food items such as maize
meal, bread, milk, cooking oil and meat products.

l Nazo is president and Masemoli is general secretary of the Food and Allied
Workers Union.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                           November 30, 2010 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

Government must roll up its sleeves and ensure household food security

BYLINE:  Attwell Nazo and |Katishi Masemola

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 762 words


It's time for the state to intervene to ensure household food security - the
ability of families to access food at affordable prices - through active
participation in production and distribution, as well as through policy measures
that defend the nation's food security and sovereignty.

At the centre of enhancing national food security - our ability to produce
enough to feed our citizens - should be the drive to reverse this country's
status from a net food importer back to a net food exporter.

Ninety percent of food consumed is purchased and 10 percent is produced, either
by co-operative farming or by subsistence farming, for own consumption.

Therefore, a big section of society depends on retail-supplied food to feed
themselves.

Availability of food supplies depends on sustained production and/or processing
by private sector players in the food production/processing stage of the value
chain.

Food accessibility relies on distribution channels to ensure that food supplies
are able to reach retail centres in communities, both urban and rural.

What then becomes critical to communities, particularly households, is the
ability to purchase food, particularly staple food products, at reasonable
prices.

The government's Industrial Policy Action Plans 2 does prioritise
agro-processing as one of the sectors with potential to create more jobs and to
meet the basic need of food security for South Africans.

However, this should be supported by trade policy measures such as tariff
protection against highly subsidised food imports.

There is a need to fast-track the land reform and agricultural transformation
programmes in order to create and support co-operative, subsistence, and
small-scale farming and agro-processing enterprises across product lines, from
livestock and crops to verticulture and horticulture.

At the heart of the successful growth of small players will be infrastructure,
from roads and rail infrastructure to a public transport system, and from
electricity and water supply to telecommunications facilities.

And this infrastructure support should be supplemented with other services
support. At the primary agricultural level, our country needs to give focused
support services to subsistence, co-operative and small-scale farmers on a range
of needs.

This stretches from extension services and research and development needs to
affordable supplies of seeds and fertilisers.

Land reform should involve distribution of idle state-owned land to the
land-hungry for purposes of agricultural economic activity, and a large-scale
support programme to the land reform beneficiaries.

In addition, commercial and established farmers must engage in some affirmative
procurement and enterprise development to ensure growth of co-operative and
small-scale farmers and input and agricultural services suppliers.

Land ownership policy should heavily regulate ownership of land used for game
farming, golf courses, entertainment and other luxurious and non-economic
activities - and even prohibit sheer speculative activity.

Also, expropriation policy is needed on idle and absentee-farmer land in the
private sector for land reform for agricultural activities.

To ensure that households are able to afford food, there is a need to intervene
in both the supply side and the demand side.

On the demand side, this will involve sustaining and increasing household
incomes.

The government's intervention on the demand side thus far has been in the form
of increasing value and volumes of social grants, to allow the poor to purchase
staple food.

However, there is a sizeable "chunk" of the population that does not enjoy these
relief measures.

There are families with unemployed people who are too young to receive old-age
grants and too old to receive child support grants and too healthy and
able-bodied to receive disability grants.

It is, thus, necessary for the government to introduce income transfer
mechanisms that cover those falling outside the current social safety
net/security system. The most cost-effective mechanism remains a Basic Income
Grant for everyone.

We would also like to see a state-owned food procurement and distribution
company which will purchase food from producers and processors and retail those
at very affordable prices to poor communities and households.

We would also urge state involvement at other stages of the value chain,
including in farming and processing of selected staple |food items such as maize
meal, bread, milk, cooking oil and meat products.

l Nazo is president and Masemoli is general secretary of the Food and Allied
Workers Union.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 June 28, 1996, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

$ 500,000 STATE GRANT PAVES WAY FOR SEWER

BYLINE: Judith VandeWater Of the St. Charles Post

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 521 words


Augusta won a $ 500,000 grant from the Missouri Department of Economic
Development Wednesday, and it now has the financing in hand to begin to build a
$ 1.25 million sewer system.

"We're ecstatic," said Tom Diehl, chairman of Augusta's board of trustee s. "It
has been two long years trying to get this thing pieced together."

Augusta's was one of 57 Community Development Block Grants issued in the annual
program. This year the state allocated $ 18.2 million for bridges, neighborhood
development and sewer projects.

The block-grant program helps cities with fewer than 500 residents and counties
with populations under 200,000 pay for infrastructure projects. The majority of
those benefiting from the grants in any community must have low to moderate
household incomes.

The majority of Augusta's residents are retired with fixed incomes, Diehl said,
adding that the average household income is below $ 24,000. Augusta's population
was 263 in the 1990 census.

On top of the block grant, Augusta secured a $ 503,900 loan for its sewer
project in April from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The 35-year Rural Economic Community Development loan will have a market rate
equal to that available for high-quality, tax-exempt bonds.

Augusta has never issued a bond; and, apart from paying its bills on time, it
has never established a credit rating necessary to find a private buyer for its
debt. The federal loan pwill establish the town's ability to repay an
obligation.

The federal government may resell the loan after five years, Diehl said.

In the past two years, residents of Augusta have authorized trustees to issue a
total of $ 1 million in bonds. Proceeds could be used to fund the sewer project.
But there are no immediate plans to sell bonds, Diehl said. bp

Construction of the sewer could begin this fall. The project will take from six
to nine months.

The engineering firm Brunjes & Associates began to plan the system two years
ago. Diehl said the trunk line design has won the approval of the Missouri
Department of Natural Resources.

The next hurdle is the selection of a site for the project's aerated-lagoon
treatment facility. Diehl said the engineer had identified six or seven
potential sites of 10 to 15 acres. "We need some place close to a creek," he
said.

"At this point the trustees are operating on the assumption that the land will
be available for sale to the town," Diehl said. "We don't really expect that we
would have to go through the courts. This is too small a town to make waves."

Diehl said that a few of the preliminary sites had stirred reactions ranging
from "outrage to a mild roar."

Augusta residents and businesses will pay a monthly fee for sewer service, but
there will be no additional charge to tap into the sewer line. The construction
includes running a line from each dwelling to the trunk line.

Residential-user fees are expected to be $ 25 a month or less, Diehl said.
Businesses will pay a multiple of the residential-service fee commensurate with
their water usage.

The income will be applied toward the federal loan obligation.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              747 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Esty, CT Delegation Announce Funding for Renewable Energy & Energy
Efficiency Projects

LENGTH: 573 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Elizabeth Esty has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Sens. Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) and Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) and U.S.
Reps. John Larson (D-1), Joe Courtney (D-2), Rosa DeLauro (D-3), and Elizabeth
Esty (D-5) announced today that the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) awarded $836,688 to Connecticut rural small businesses and agricultural
producers through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) to help reduce
energy usage and costs in their operations.









 &ldquo;By improving energy efficiency, reducing carbon emissions, and creating
jobs to support energy-saving measures, this funding is a win-win for rural
business owners and agricultural producers across Connecticut. We applaud USDA
for making this wise investment-a critical step towards a more energy efficient
future in our state,&rdquo;said Blumenthal, Murphy, Larson, Courtney, DeLauro,
and Esty.







 Below are the recipients of the USDA funding:







 RECIPIENT





 TOWN





 GRANT





 PROJECT DESCRIPTION



 BEAUMONT, ALBERT  W BEAUMONT FARM





 WALLINGFORD





 $49,900





 To install a hot water boiler designed for maximum heat recovery and efficiency
and will supply 81% of the heating needs for three greenhouses, equivalent to
91.03 households.



 BOTTICELLO FARMS, LLC





 MANCHESTER





 $49,950





 To install a 60 kW roof mounted solar PV system which will replace 97% of their
electricity at the farming operations, equivalent to 6.99 households.



 BUTTON, DUANE BUTTONWOOD FARMS





 GRISWOLD





 $48,825





 To install a 63 kW roof mounted solar PV system which will replace 100% of
their electrical needs which is equivalent to 7.31 households.



 ENERGY STREAM, LLC





 PUTNAM





 $95,000





 To renovate and upgrade major components of an existing Hydroelectric system.
The upgrade will make more efficient use of existing water resources.Amount of
energy produced will amount to 1,363,000 kW's equivalent to 125.77 households.



 FREUNDS FARMS





 EAST CANAAN





 $156,408





 To purchase and install a 223 kW roof mount solar PV system, which will replace
100% of their electricity at the farming operations equivalent to 25 households.




 LOGEES GREENHOUSES LTD





 DANIELSON





 $49,588





 To purchase and install a 48 kW room mounted solar PV system that will offset
45% of their farming operational needs equivalent to 4.49 households



 OAKRIDGE FARMS





 ELLINGTON





 $192,561





 To install a 246 kW roof mount solar PV system that will generate 304,617 kW
annually which will offset 75% of their annual electrical usage, equivalent to
28.11 households.



 SUN GOLD STABLES, LLC





 BETHANY





 $25,481





 To install a 24.85 kW roof mounted solar PV system, which will replace 100% of
their current electrical needs, equivalent to 2.73 households.



 THE FOOD CYCLE, LLC





 KENT





 $28,936





 To install a 27.55 kW roof mount solar PV system, which will meet 58.5% of the
farm's operation equivalent to 3.08 households.



 WHITE FLOWER FARM, INC.





 TORRINGTON





 $140,039





 To provide refrigeration upgrade, LED lighting upgrade; Gas fired heating
units, HVAC replacements and Variable Frequency drives on a water heat pump to
the greenhouses.  The estimate of energy saved is 729,669 kw's equivalent to
67.33 households.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

World Bank approves $138m additional financing for Sindh

LENGTH: 446  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Dec. 18 -- The World Bank has approved $138 million additional
financing to the Sindh Water Sector Improvement Project to further improve the
efficiency and effectiveness of the irrigation water distribution system of
three area water boards (Ghotki, Nara and Left Bank) in Sindh.Sindh is one of
the primary beneficiaries of Indus Basin Irrigation System with three major
barrages that divert some 48 million acre feet of water annually to the 14 main
canal commands in the province. Sindh is one of the poorest regions of the
country, and 56 percent of household income in Sindh comes from agriculture,
directly or indirectly. The project covers over 1.8 million ha of irrigated
land, benefiting over 600,000 farm-households or over 3.6 million people.

"Harnessing the development potential of the Indus Basin Irrigation System- one
of the world's largest integrated irrigation network - is essential to
Pakistan's agriculture sector, which is a major source of employment in the
country" said Rachid Benmessaoud, World Bank, Country Director for Pakistan.
"The additional financing will help increase agricultural productivity,
employment and incomes in more than 30 percent of the irrigated area in the
province."

The project will cover rehabilitation of key hydraulic infrastructure, main and
branch canals, and distributaries and minors that were covered under the scope
of the original project but could not be undertaken because of cost escalation
and impact of successive 2010 and 2011 floods, hence the need for additional
funds. It will also address the systemic issues of the irrigation and drainage
sector leading to its sustainability in the long run. The project's ultimate
objective is to deepen the institutional reforms that are already underway in
Sindh.

"The additional financing will further support the Sindh Irrigation and Drainage
Authority in improving the irrigation service delivery to about 600,000 farm
households, with special focus on reliability, equity, and user satisfaction,"
said Abdulhamid Azad, the Task Team Leader of the project. "The project promotes
equitable distribution of irrigation water and boosts shared prosperity by
increasing farmers' income and reducing their vulnerability to future droughts."

The credit is financed from the International Development Association (IDA), the
World Bank Group's grant and low-interest arm. It will be on standard IDA terms,
with a maturity of 25 years, including a grace period of 5 years.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            March 07, 2012 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 728 words


One person has died in a fire which destroyed about 120 shacks in Langa on the
Cape Flats. The fire started at about midnight on Monday, said Theo Layne, Cape
Town fire and rescue services spokesman yesterday, "and more than 850 people had
to be displaced after the fire." A firefighter was admitted to hospital due to
smoke inhalation and was discharged yesterday. - Sapa

A Deneysville farmer faces criminal charges after he was caught irrigating his
maize crop with water from the Vaal Dam. The clampdown coincided with the start
of National Water Week, Beeld newspaper reported yesterday. Nigel Adams, head of
the Blue Scorpions, the unit tasked with enforcing the National Water Act, said
the Vaal catchment area was under "enormous pressure" and farmers had to realise
that siphoning water out of the system would not be permitted. Meanwhile,
Minister of Water Affairs Edna Molewa warned local councils to "get their house
in order" to avoid polluting the catchment area. - Sapa

The case against a man facing 33 charges of rape and 33 of attempted murder was
postponed in the Alberton Magistrate's Court yesterday. "The case is postponed
for Legal Aid confirmation. You may apply for bail at your next appearance,"
magistrate Janice Saulse said, setting the matter down for April 23. The accused
asked the court to instruct police officers to stop harassing his wife by
telling her that DNA tests came back positive and that he'd get life
imprisonment. Saulse agreed. - Sapa

A 32-year-old man was in a serious condition yesterday after he was headbutted
by an adult giraffe outside Hammanskraal. "Apparently the man had been trying to
draw blood from the animal when it headbutted and pushed him up against the
fence post," said Netcare 911 spokesman Jeffrey Wicks. The man had to be
airlifted to hospital in Pretoria with serious|spinal injuries. The incident
happened at a wildlife quarantine facility. - Sapa

A new copyright licence will see news monitoring agencies paying royalties for
all the material they replicate. The licence - launched by the Dramatic,
Artistic and Literary Rights Organisation last month - was brought on behalf of
newspaper and magazine publishers, Business Day reported yesterday. This will
increase the costs that companies pay for data gathered for marketing and
business intelligence. Monitoring agencies are opposed to the Media Monitoring
Organisation licence and have appealed for a yearly blanket fee. - Sapa

The child support grant helps ease the burden on women, who bear the brunt of
coping with poverty, according to research conducted by the University of
Johannesburg. Leila Patel, director of the Centre for Social Development in
Africa at UJ, said the findings showed the R270 grant per child improved the
quality of life of the very poor. About 55 percent of South African children
receive the grant, which is the most far-reaching social support in the country.
The research found 90 percent of beneficiaries were women in households living
on less than R1 000 a month. The three-year study was done in Doornkop, Soweto,
where 343 households were surveyed with a special focus on women. - Sapa

Two policemen who stopped and tried to search newspaper publisher Atul Gupta's
vehicle in 2010 have been discharged for breaching police discipline rules.
"They had 10 days to lodge an appeal," said Sandton police spokeswoman Captain
Kym Cloete, confirming a report in Beeld. The two stopped Gupta's BMW X5 outside
Joburg and searched his bodyguard and driver. Gupta refused to let them search
his car and he was arrested. Authorities decided not to prosecute Gupta. - Sapa

The size of clothing is to be standardised. Many consumers experienced buying a
new garment in their usual size, only to discover later that it did not fit
properly, SA Bureau of Standards executive Sadvhir Bissoon said. "The new SABS
standard will ensure guidelines contain garment construction specifications,
which cover the process of standardising measurement prior|to the preparation of
clothing patterns." The standard was simple and would provide an excellent
guideline to clothing manufacturers. - Sapa

A Durban man was knocked over by a bus yesterday and dragged underneath it. ER24
spokesman Derrick Banks said both the man's arms had to be amputated after he
was|dragged for 5m. The man, in his 40s, was in a critical condition in
hospital. - Sapa

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Longford Leader

                           January 9, 2013 Wednesday

Bannon points to positives as septic tank inspections commence

LENGTH: 366  words


The announcement recently by Minister Phil Hogan that grant aid for septic tank
upgrading will be provided for, may ease the financial burden from some
home-owners, one local public representative believes.

Fine Geal's Deputy James Bannon TD, said that the grant scheme had been
established to provide financial assistance to home-owners and pointed to the
fact that septic tanks inspections were expected to get under way in the coming
weeks.

"Septic tank inspections are due to get underway in the New Year, and this
announcement that grants are to be made available for remedial works will
provide extra reassurance to householders," Deputy Bannon added.  "The reality
is, that, the vast majority of septic tanks will pass inspections, however there
will be some that will not. Grants of up to [#x20ac]4,000 will be made available
to householders who need to upgrade their treatment systems, and this will go a
considerable way to ensuring that the remedial works will not place undue
financial pressure on householders.

Domestic tanks and other waste water systems should be registered by February 1,
2013 and it is important to add that only householders who register their
systems will be eligible for a grant."

The local TD went on to say that the majority of  the country's septic tanks
"were working well" and the new legislation on ground water quality would serve
as a boost to both the economy and to the environment. "Ensuring we have
effective waste water treatment systems is essential for the environment and for
our economy," Deputy Bannon added.  "Protecting groundwater is vital and the
grant scheme will be of particular benefit to lower income families, as
households with an income of less than [#x20ac]50,000 will be able to apply for
up to 80 percent of the cost of remedial works."

He went on to say that rural people understood fully the importance of
protecting the country's water supplies.   "This new inspection regime will not
only enhance our water supplies, it will have a positive effect on the tourism,
recreation, agricultural and food-producing sectors - all of which rely on clean
water," he concluded.  For more information on registration log onto
www.ProtectOurWater.ie.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ILOL


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               HERALD & POST (UK)

                  August 10, 2000, Thursday Edition Gateshead

New Jobs For Old Machines

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS, Pg. 16

LENGTH: 200 words


   NEW jobs have been created for Gateshead folk with the launch of a new
recycling scheme.

The non-profit organisation RENEW has been set-up to provide jobs and training
for Gateshead's previously unemployed through the recycling and remanufacture of
used household appliances.

And now it is the proud owner of a collection and delivery van, thanks to a
grant of £50,000 from Northumbrian Water Environmental Trust, NWET.

Graham Neave, an NWET Board member handed over the keys of the van to RENEW
manager Bob Petrie this week.

Mr Neave said: "This project covers three important functions in one. It helps
the environment by recycling white goods, it creates jobs and training in an
area of high unemployment, and it provides a valuable service to the local
community.

"That's why NWET has contributed to this venture and we consider it money well
spent."

RENEW has also attracted European funding of more than £200,000 and more than
£80,000 from environmental agency One NorthEast.

Electrial giant Comet is also providing 10,000 appliances a year for RENEW to
refurbish and sell at affordable prices from its base in the Baltic Road
Industrial Estate, Gateshead.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2000

GRAPHIC: DRIVE ON: Bob Petrie, right, receives the keys to the NWET van from
Graham Neave

                Copyright 2000 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                              752 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            August 6, 2016 Saturday
                               Bangalore Edition

Be Swachh to Get Rs 10k-cr Incentive from World Bank

BYLINE: Aman Sharma

SECTION: PURE POLITICS

LENGTH: 369 words


The $1.5 billion (.crore) loan from the World Bank for the Centre's showpiece
Swachh Bharat Mission (Rural) project will be given as an incentive to states,
depending on their performance in building toilets and making their villages
free of open defecation.

The Centre told all states on Wednesday that an annual survey will be conducted
to gauge their performance and implement the 'performance-based incentive grant
scheme' for disbursing the World Bank funds over the next five years.

ET reported last week that the

Prime Minister's Office had rebooted the scheme in June after finding that major
opposition-ruled states Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Tamil Nadu had fallen way
behind target, while BJP-ruled Gujarat,

Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Haryana had galloped ahead. Prime Minister Narendra
Modi had set a deadline of October 2, 2019 for making all villages open
defecationfree, but only 11% of the target has been achieved so far.

The Centre will kick off the an nual National Rural Sanitation Survey from
August 15 to measure the performance of states on three indicators and determine
the ba selines for releasing the World Bank grant to the states.

The first parameter is reduction in the prevalence of open defeca tion in
households, based on ac cess, usage and safety of toilets. A household will be
considered as practicing open defecation unless

all its members use the toilet at all times. The second indicator is sustaining
the open defecation-free status in villages, while the third pointer is the
population served with an acceptable solid and liquid waste management system.
The survey will be based on a third-party sample survey carried out by the
Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation, as per the guidelines of the Ministry
of Statistics & Programme Implementation.

\x93The outcomes have to be reliably measured through an independent and
credible verification agency,\x93 the Centre said. To trigger the disbursement
from the World Bank to the Central government for Swachh Bharat this year, the
ope

rationalisation of the 'performance-based incentive grant scheme' is necessary.
\x93The idea is to make the incentive scheme possible and credible,\x93 the
Centre said in a communique to all states.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            August 6, 2016 Saturday
                                 Delhi Edition

Govt Links Rs 10k-cr World Bank Loan to Building Toilets

BYLINE: Aman Sharma

SECTION: PURE POLITICS

LENGTH: 369 words


The $1.5 billion (.crore) loan from the World Bank for the Centre's showpiece
Swachh Bharat Mission (Rural) project will be given as an incentive to states,
depending on their performance in building toilets and making their villages
free of open defecation.

The Centre told all states on Wednesday that an annual survey will be conducted
to gauge their performance and implement the 'performance-based incentive grant
scheme' for disbursing the World Bank funds over the next five years.

ET reported last week that the

Prime Minister's Office had rebooted the scheme in June after finding that major
opposition-ruled states Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Tamil Nadu had fallen way
behind target, while BJP-ruled Gujarat,

Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Haryana had galloped ahead. Prime Minister Narendra
Modi had set a deadline of October 2, 2019 for making all villages open
defecationfree, but only 11% of the target has been achieved so far.

The Centre will kick off the an nual National Rural Sanitation Survey from
August 15 to measure the performance of states on three indicators and determine
the ba selines for releasing the World Bank grant to the states.

The first parameter is reduction in the prevalence of open defeca tion in
households, based on ac cess, usage and safety of toilets. A household will be
considered as practicing open defecation unless

all its members use the toilet at all times. The second indicator is sustaining
the open defecation-free status in villages, while the third pointer is the
population served with an acceptable solid and liquid waste management system.
The survey will be based on a third-party sample survey carried out by the
Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation, as per the guidelines of the Ministry
of Statistics & Programme Implementation.

\x93The outcomes have to be reliably measured through an independent and
credible verification agency,\x93 the Centre said. To trigger the disbursement
from the World Bank to the Central government for Swachh Bharat this year, the
ope

rationalisation of the 'performance-based incentive grant scheme' is necessary.
\x93The idea is to make the incentive scheme possible and credible,\x93 the
Centre said in a communique to all states.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

WB approves $ 138m loan for Sindh's irrigation

LENGTH: 410  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


The World Bank approved US $138 million additional financing to the Sindh Water
Sector Improvement Project to further improve the efficiency and effectiveness
of the irrigation water distribution system of three Area Water Boards (Ghotki,
Nara and Left Bank) in the Sindh province.

Sindh is one of the primary beneficiaries of Indus Basin Irrigation System with
three major barrages that divert some 48 million acre feet of water annually to
the 14 main canal commands in the province. Sindh is one of the poorest regions
of the country, and 56 percent of household income in Sindh comes from
agriculture, directly or indirectly. The project covers over 1.8 million ha of
irrigated land, benefiting over 600,000 farm-households or over 3.6 million
people.

"Harnessing the development potential of the Indus Basin Irrigation System - one
of the world's largest integrated irrigation network - is essential to
Pakistan's agriculture sector, which is a major source of employment in the
country," said World Bank Country Director Rachid Benmessaoud. "The additional
financing will help increase agricultural productivity, employment and incomes
in more than 30 percent of the irrigated area in the province."

The project will cover rehabilitation of key hydraulic infrastructure, main and
branch canals, and distributaries and minors that were covered under the scope
of the original project but could not be undertaken because of cost escalation
and impact of successive 2010 and 2011 floods, hence the need for additional
funds. It will also address the systemic issues of the irrigation and drainage
sector leading to its sustainability in the long run. The project's ultimate
objective is to deepen the institutional reforms that are already underway in
Sindh.

"The additional financing will further support the Sindh Irrigation and Drainage
Authority in improving the irrigation service delivery to about 600,000 farm
households, with special focus on reliability, equity, and user
satisfaction....", said Abdulhamid Azad, the task team leader of the project.

"The project promotes equitable distribution of irrigation water and boosts
shared prosperity by increasing farmers' income and reducing their vulnerability
to future droughts."

The credit is financed from the International Development Association (IDA), the
World Bank Group's grant and low-interest arm. It will be on standard IDA terms,
with a maturity of 25 years, including a grace period of 5 years.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Visitor

                           November 10, 2016 Thursday

Lancaster families still not home after Storm Desmond

LENGTH: 396  words


Lancaster residents and businesses have still not been able to return to their
properties nearly a year after Storm Desmond.

Lancaster City Council's overview and scrutiny committee heard that a "complex
set of circumstances centring around three causes" led to the devastating floods
in the city on December 5 last year.

These were the inability of surface water to escape into the river Lune,
overflow from the River beyond Skerton Weir and flood waters escaping from the
Millrace, an underground flood protection system in Damside Street.

At the end of October, out of the 225 households affected by the flooding 28
households are still not able to return to their homes.

Of the 212 businesses affected, 19 are still not in operation, 22 are partially
operational and six have permanently closed or moved out of the Lancaster
district.

In total, £154,000 of Community Support Grants have been paid to eligible
households, while £27,000 has been given to businesses.

Lancashire County Council as the Lead Flood Authority has been working with the
Environment Agency to assess projects which need to be developed to respond to
the major flooding incidents in the district. City council officers have also
been made aware that Electricity North West is proposing to invest around £2m in
modifying the electricity substation at Caton Road to ensure that it can
withstand a much greater threat from storm damage than it did last December.

At Warton where flooding from the River Keer affected homes on Gardener Road the
Environment Agency has been repairing damage along the river course and has

been undertaking dredging works. A number of discussions are taking place
between land owners, local residents and the Environment Agency about potential
new ways to manage the flood plain in this area to examine whether this might
help with future flooding incidents.

At Slyne where flooding occurred during Storm Eva the county council is
considering the very complex and historic flooding land drainage issues which
cause this flooding and what further steps if any can be taken to mitigate the
collection of water from run off.

Plans to address future flooding in the city, including repairs and improvements
to the Millrace, and a new flood wall in Caton Road, hope to tap in to an extra
£350million which has been allocated by the Government to address the need to
improve flood defences.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WVIS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                 Sampson Independent (Clinton, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

City brings more revamped properties within borders

BYLINE: Chris Berendt, The Sampson Independent, Clinton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 691 words


Oct. 29--City of Clinton officials have put a bow on another community
development project by officially bringing the upgraded area within the city's
limits.

The City Council recently adopted ordinances of annexation for the Eliza Lane
area, covering Eliza Lane, Abron and Jerome Street neighborhoods off U.S. 701
Business north of Clinton. The annexation is yet another move to broaden the
city's borders and its tax base -- especially to areas where it has funded --
and obtained funding -- for sizable improvements.

The Council's unanimous annexation of the Eliza Lane area came on the heels of
the Eliza Lane Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) project, which targeted
Eliza Lane and several adjacent streets, including Abron, Jerome and Don
streets, for comprehensive utilities and street resurfacing. The project was
awarded in December 2012 to Columbus Utilities of Whiteville, the low bidder at
just under $600,000.

The project was closed out at the beginning of 2014.

The voluntary annexation request elicited no public comment during a recent
public hearing, the final step in the annexation process as required by the City
of Clinton's policies to connect to city utilities. An ordinance to extend the
corporate limits of the City of Clinton read that the property will receive all
city privileges, and be subject to all city taxes, upon annexation.

"Upon and after Oct. 7, 2014, the above described contiguous property and its
citizens shall be subject to all debts, laws, ordinances, and regulations in
force in the City of Clinton and shall be entitled to the same privileges and
benefits as other parts of the City of Clinton," the adopted ordinance read.
"Said contiguous property shall be subject to municipal taxes under (state
statute)."

In all, the Eliza Lane project installed 2,300 linear feet of asphalt streets,
2,400 linear feet of gravity and force sewer mains, 2,000 linear feet of 6-inch
water line, five new hydrants and one new lift station with 100 gallon per
minute capability, to serve for future use. Of the 2,400 linear feet of gravity
and force sewer mains, about 900 feet of which is force main from the lift
station back to the gravity sewer.

There was also 1,400 linear feet of sewer laterals and five new fire hydrants
installed, a water main looped from U.S. 701 to Don Street and 17 water and
sewer customers connected. Three wells and 17 septic systems were abandoned in
favor of 27 new water and sewer taps, for existing and future customers.

Clinton officials said the Eliza Lane project will improve the quality of life
in several neighborhoods by improving streets, fire service and water and sewer
infrastructure in the area. A notable part of the project was to pave what had
long been completely dirt streets on Eliza, Abron and Jerome Streets.

The city received the CDBG funding in 2011 for the purpose of making road, water
and sewer improvements to serve 17 households within the Eliza Lane
neighborhood. The grant, in the amount of $572,765, was matched with $217,785
from the city, split evenly between the 2011-12 and 2012-13 budgets.

The Council's annexation of those revamped properties was just the latest such
move following community upgrades.

At the end of 2013, large portions of the Russell Street and Pugh Road
neighborhoods that served as the focal point of a massive wave of housing,
street and utility upgrades were officially annexed.

Through the 2008 Russell Street project, approximately $1 million in CDBG
funding was spent to provide adequate housing and infrastructure to households
in the neighborhood. Dilapidated houses were demolished, replaced and renovated
as part of the project, which also brought significant water upgrades and better
sewer service to the area.

Along with the Eliza Lane and adjacent properties, another residence at that
previous CDBG project area -- 440 Pugh Road -- was also annexed.

Reach staff writer Chris Berendt at 910-249-4616. Follow the paper on twitter
@SampsonInd and like us on Facebook.

___ (c)2014 The Sampson Independent (Clinton, N.C.) Visit The Sampson
Independent (Clinton, N.C.) at www.clintonnc.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141029-1SM-City-brings-more-revamped-properties-within-borders-1029-20141029

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SM


                       Copyright 2014 Sampson Independent


                              757 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 2, 2015 Monday

Washington: Blumenthal, Murphy, Delauro, Larson, Courtney, Esty Announce Over
$800,000 in USDA Funding for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Projects

LENGTH: 575 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Richard Blumenthal has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Sens. Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) and Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) and U.S.
Reps. John Larson (D-1), Joe Courtney (D-2), Rosa DeLauro (D-3), and Elizabeth
Esty (D-5) announced today that the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) awarded $836,688 to Connecticut rural small businesses and agricultural
producers through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) to help reduce
energy usage and costs in their operations.





 &ldquo;By improving energy efficiency, reducing carbon emissions, and creating
jobs to support energy-saving measures, this funding is a win-win for rural
business owners and agricultural producers across Connecticut. We applaud USDA
for making this wise investment- a critical step towards a more energy efficient
future in our state,&rdquo; said Blumenthal, Murphy, Larson, Courtney, DeLauro,
and Esty.



 Below are the recipients of the USDA funding:



 RECIPIENT





 TOWN





 GRANT





 PROJECT DESCRIPTION



 BEAUMONT, ALBERT  W BEAUMONT FARM





 WALLINGFORD





 $49,900





 To install a hot water boiler designed for maximum heat recovery and efficiency
and will supply 81% of the heating needs for three greenhouses, equivalent to
91.03 households.



 BOTTICELLO FARMS, LLC





 MANCHESTER





 $49,950





 To install a 60 kW roof mounted solar PV system which will replace 97% of their
electricity at the farming operations, equivalent to 6.99 households.



 BUTTON, DUANE BUTTONWOOD FARMS





 GRISWOLD





 $48,825





 To install a 63 kW roof mounted solar PV system which will replace 100% of
their electrical needs which is equivalent to 7.31 households.



 ENERGY STREAM, LLC





 PUTNAM





 $95,000





 To renovate and upgrade major components of an existing Hydroelectric system.
The upgrade will make more efficient use of existing water resources. Amount of
energy produced will amount to 1,363,000 kW's equivalent to 125.77 households.



 FREUNDS FARMS





 EAST CANAAN





 $156,408





 To purchase and install a 223 kW roof mount solar PV system, which will replace
100% of their electricity at the farming operations equivalent to 25 households.




 LOGEES GREENHOUSES LTD





 DANIELSON





 $49,588





 To purchase and install a 48 kW room mounted solar PV system that will offset
45% of their farming operational needs equivalent to 4.49 households



 OAKRIDGE FARMS





 ELLINGTON





 $192,561





 To install a 246 kW roof mount solar PV system that will generate 304,617 kW
annually which will offset 75% of their annual electrical usage, equivalent to
28.11 households.



 SUN GOLD STABLES, LLC





 BETHANY





 $25,481





 To install a 24.85 kW roof mounted solar PV system, which will replace 100% of
their current electrical needs, equivalent to 2.73 households.



 THE FOOD CYCLE, LLC





 KENT





 $28,936





 To install a 27.55 kW roof mount solar PV system, which will meet 58.5% of the
farm's operation equivalent to 3.08 households.



 WHITE FLOWER FARM, INC.





 TORRINGTON





 $140,039





 To provide refrigeration upgrade, LED lighting upgrade; Gas fired heating
units, HVAC replacements and Variable Frequency drives on a water heat pump to
the greenhouses.  The estimate of energy saved is 729,669 kw's equivalent to
67.33 households.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                 July 24, 2009
                              Business Day Edition

Children on social grants more likely to go to school

BYLINE: CHANTELLE BENJAMIN

SECTION: SOCIAL ISSUES

LENGTH: 552  words


Children on social grants more likely to go to school

Research suggests that state provision of basic services is improving

Chief Reporter

CHILDREN living in households receiving social grants are more likely to attend
school than children in low-income households that do not, a report by
Statistics SA into state delivery of grants for the past five years showed
yesterday.

Stats SA identified lack of education or illiteracy as contributing to
dependence on social grants. The government plans to reduce dependence on social
grants in the long term. Last year, 3% of gross domestic product was spent on
social grants.

Stats SA researcher Isabelle Schmidt said: "Grant-recipient households are at a
significant disadvantage when trying to reduce their unemployment ratios, as
they are significantly less educated and therefore less employable than non-
grant recipient households."

The provinces with the biggest increase in school attendance from grant-aided
homes were Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal and the Northern Cape.

The report said while the distribution of social grants had improved
significantly in the past five years, there was still need to strengthen
delivery mechanisms in rural and tribal areas where most households requiring
grants were.

The Eastern Cape, KwaZulu-Natal and Limpopo were identified as areas most in
need.

Improved delivery would greatly reduce rural-urban migration which burdens major
cities - Johannesburg in particular - the report said.

The large immigrant population is one reason for Gauteng's and the Western
Cape's poor performance in distributing social grants relative to population
when compared to other provinces.

The study said that households receiving at least one social grant rose from
33,5% in 2003 to 42,5% in 2007, although economic growth and job creation in the
past five years did result in several households reducing their dependency on
social grants.

A correlation was found between lack of access to basic services such as
sanitation and water and households requiring grants, as most households
receiving grants were in rural areas.

But Schmidt said the gap in service delivery between grant recipients and
low-income households had narrowed in the past five years suggesting service
delivery protests notwithstanding, the government's provision of basic services
was improving, especially in rural areas.

"Comparisons of access to services in 2007 and 2003 show a more significant
improvement in access to most basic services in the grant recipient group than
in the non-grant group," the report said.

Schmidt said there was a surprising lack of abuse of the system, suggesting
claimants did not continue to apply for grants once their economic situation
improved.

The data noted that parents living apart from their children had been known to
claim for their children and then pocket the money, but Schmidt said the
incidents of abuse were negligible.

The report recommended to the government that service delivery could be improved
for social grants, and that an information campaign be launched, as the study
found there were still eligible households that had not applied for
child-support grants.

benjamins@bdfm.co.za

IN NEED: Statistics SA says there is a correlation between lack of access to
basic services and households requiring grants. Picture: RAJESH JANTILAL

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             July 31, 2008 Thursday

US supports clean water initiatives through grants

SECTION: Pg. S2/6

LENGTH: 390 words


During a recent ceremony at the US Embassy hosted by Ambassador Kristie A.
Kenney, Larry W. Walther, director of the United States Trade and Development
Agency (USTDA), presented two grant agreements to Rene Almendras, group director
for business of Manila Water Company, Inc. (MWCI), and to Orlando Hondrade,
administrator of Local Water Utilities Administration (LWUA).

The grant signings were witnessed by Frank Beaumont, group director for
operations of MWCI, and by Proceso T. Domingo, chairman of the board of trustees
of LWUA. The grants will support clean water initiatives in the Philippines and
work to improve water service for local residents. With a combined value of over
P29.2 million ($660,000), the projects will serve over 20 million water service
customers in the Philippines.

"This important partnership between the US and the Philippines will help improve
water service delivery as well as the quality of the water delivered," said Ms.
Kenney.

MWCI received a grant of P19.5 million ($442,000) that will help its commercial
and industrial customers implement new and more stringent wastewater discharge
requirements of the Philippines' Clean Water Act. The grant will be used to
assess MCWI's current water treatment systems and to identify onsite technology
and facility upgrades that will make wastewater treatment services more
efficient. MWCI provides water and wastewater services to over one million
multiperson households, and more than 300 commercial and industrial customers.

LWUA received a grant of P9.7 million ($219,729) to fund a study of
technological applications that will look to reduce water losses (nonrevenue
water) in selected water districts and to fund a pilot project that will apply
the new technology in one particular district. LWUA's member districts produce,
on average, over 30% more water than is billed, resulting in an average annual
loss of P84 million ($1.9 million) in revenue per water district.

LWUA is a government institution responsible for supervising and financing over
600 water districts, serving over 14 million customers throughout the
Philippines. It has selected Nobel Systems, Inc. of San Bernardino, California,
a firm that specializes in water resource management, to complete the study and
to implement the pilot project.

For more information on USTDA, visit www.ustda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2008 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                              June 01, 2007 Friday
                                   k1 Edition

BYLINE: Anna Louw

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 697 words


n Assessment rates - 3%

n Water - 5,4% domestic use and 6,5% for business use

n Electricity - 5,5 % for both households and business

n Solid waste - 6,5% for collections and 5% bulk containers

Ekurhuleni residents will have to pay more in property rates, water, electricity
and solid waste removal in the 2007/2008 financial year.

Presenting the municipal budget at the metro's monthly council meeting in
Germiston yesterday, executive mayor Duma Nkosi announced the following
increases:

n Assessment rates - 3%;

n Water - 5,4% for domestic use and 6,5% for business use;

n Waste water - 7,8% for domestic use and 6,5% for business use;

n Electricity - 5,5% for both households and business. The metro's lower-end use
tariff will be increased by 5% and is linked to the 100 kilowatt-hour free basic
electricity allocation to households;

n Solid waste - 6,5% for round collections and 5% for bulk container services.

The mayor pointed out that Ekurhuleni's tariffs compared favourably with those
of other municipalities and cities.

"The assessment-rates tariff is being increased for the first time in four years
and at a rate lower than inflation.

"Such low increases cannot be sustained in the long term and higher increases
can be expected in future years, to ensure that the service delivery backlogs
are eradicated in terms of the national government targets," Nkosi said.

He also announced social packages for residents to improve their quality of
life, which include free basic services such as water and electricity,
calculated as follows:

n Water: residential users - 6 kilolitres per month;

n Water: indigents - 9 kilolitres per month;

n Sewerage: residential users - 6 kilolitres per month;

n Sewerage: indigents - 9 kilolitres per month;

n Electricity: residential users on Tariff A - 100kW/hour per month;

n Refuse removal: indigents - first step free;

n Assessment rate rebates: residential - a 40% rebate;

n Indigents: 100% remission on land value up to R20 000;

n Pensioners with gross monthly income up to R8 000 will qualify for additional
remissions of between 40% and 100%.

The mayor said the social packages cost the metro about R412-million a year. A
portion is funded by the national government through the equitable share grant
and the balance is funded directly from the municipality's operating budget.

For every R10 the metro spends, the following goods and services are bought:

Electricity: R3; water and waste water: R1,60; roads, transport and civil works:
80c; health: 30c; community safety and metro policing: 80c; sport, recreation,
arts and culture: 30c; housing: 20c; administration: R3.

The capital budget has increased from R1,2-billion to R1,8-billion. Surpluses
generated in prior financial years would be utilised to fund capital projects,
Nkosi said.

In addition to the internal funding of more than R1-billion, external grants in
excess of R700-million are included in this year's budget.

The Municipal Infrastructure Grant and the Provincial Housing Board finance the
bulk of the externally funded projects.

"The significant increase in the capital budget is linked to our commitment to
meet the national targets for the eradication of backlogs, such as the bucket
system by the end of this year; water and sanitation in 2010; electricity in
2012; and informal settlements in 2014," the mayor said.

A sum of R200-million per year, financed from the metro's operating income, will
be spent on capital projects.

"This will enable us to deliver on the capital projects, and we will also
utilise between R200-million and R400-million per year of our accumulated
surplus."

Nkosi said the budget was encapsulated in the Integrated Development Plan, the
metro's five-year plan, its growth and development strategy 2025 and the
declaration of the growth and development summit held last year.

The metro will work with provincial and national government to co-ordinate the
following programmes:

n 2010 steering committee;

n Dolomite risk management plan in co-operation with the Department of Water
Affairs and Forestry;

n Gautrain - in co-operation with the provincial and the national government;

n A toll road strategy for Gauteng;

n Taxi recapitalisation; and

n The rail restructuring plan.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: THIS WEEK IN CONGRESS

LENGTH: 934  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan has issued the
following news release:



 Another $6.4 million for water



 Since getting the funding formulae for insular areas changed in 2009, we have
received over $57 million for water infrastructure, including another $6.4
million awarded on September 29. Prior to the 2009 change the Marianas was only
getting about $1 million each year. One goal for the funds is 24-hour water for
Saipan, which we briefly reached in 2013. But since then--and despite all the
additional funding--the number of households getting water around the clock has
dropped; and Saipan remains virtually the only urban area in the U.S. without
reliable 24-hour water service. The funding formulae increases are renewed by
Congress in every year's appropriation for the Environmental Protection Agency.
The fiscal 2017 spending bill, which has cleared the House of Representatives,
once again raises the Clean Water and Safe Drinking Water State Revolving Funds
insular set-asides from 0.25 to 1.5 percent and from 0.33 to 1.5 percent,
respectively. Congress is expected to finish work on the bill after the November
8 election.





 Hiring great teachers for our students



 The best way to a great education is through a great teacher and a new bill, of
which I am an original cosponsor, will support teacher training, recruitment,
and retention, so our students can have great teachers. The Innovations to
Recruit and Retain Excellent Teachers Act, H.R. 6236, will provide federal
funding to increase teacher compensation, especially for teachers in leadership
roles or who are mentoring other teachers within their schools. Grant funds may
also be used to create opportunities for teacher professional development, such
as advanced credentialing, and to support curriculum development. The first $2
billion authorized by the proposal would be distributed on a competitive basis,
although the four small insular areas--American Samoa, Guam, the Northern
Marianas, and the US Virgin Islands--would not compete with the states, but
would have their own $10 million set-aside.



 Federal Opportunities for/in the Marianas



 Grants:



     Nurse Anesthetist Training Program - Grants are awarded to accredited
institutions that educate registered nurses to become nurse anesthetists.
Recipients disburse funds to students in the form of traineeship support.
Closing date is December 5, 2016. For more information, go to http://www.grants.
gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=285582.





 Jobs



     Sales Store Checker - The Department of Defense, Defense Commissary Agency
has an opening for a Sales Store Checker in Guam. Incumbent will operate an
electronic checkout system, make change, and verify change fund and amount of
currency received during an assigned shift. Position is open until March 31,
2017. For more information, go to
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/451963800/.

     Store Associate - The Department of Defense, Defense Commissary Agency has
an opening for a Store Associate in Guam. Incumbent will assist customers
answering questions such as item price or location, perform a variety of duties
in handling, preparing and maintaining stock levels of grocery and produce
items. Position is open until March 31, 2017. For more information, go to
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/451964000/.

     Store Worker - The Department of Defense, Defense Commissary Agency has an
opening for a Store Worker in Guam. Incumbent will be responsible for
maintaining  adequate stock of resale items, identifying spoilage, damage, and
out-of-date merchandise, receive supplies, equipment and resale items, among
other duties. Position is open until March 31, 2017. For more information, go to
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/451846600/.

     Meatcutter - The Department of Defense, Defense Commissary Agency has an
opening for a Meatcutter in Guam. Incumbent will perform a full range of tasks
associated with processing beef, pork, veal and lamb into retail and
ready-to-eat cuts, advice patrons of storage life, temperature requirements,
thawing times, and proper cooking procedures. Position is open until March 31,
2017. For more information, go to
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/451685700/.

     Meatcutting Worker - The Department of Defense, Defense Commissary Agency
has an opening for a Meatcutting Worker in Guam. Incumbent will assist
journeyman meatcutters, tray, wrap, weigh, and price cut using automatic or
manual wrapping machines, and ensure correct prices by referencing price lists.
Position is open until March 31, 2017. For more information, go to
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/451685100/.

     Intelligence Operations Specialist - The Department of Homeland Security,
Transportation Security Administration has an opening for an Intelligence
Operations Specialist in Guam. Incumbent will serve as a technical advisor on
intelligence procedures, methodology, techniques, and strategies. Position is
open until October 14, 2016. For more information, go to
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/452277600/.

     Custodial Worker - The Department of Defense, Defense Commissary Agency has
an opening for a Custodial Worker in Guam. Incumbent will maintain an orderly
and clean specified area following general instructions regarding the tasks to
be performed, sweep, mop, scrub, wax, and polish floors using heavy industrial
powered equipment. Position is open until March 31, 2017.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: THIS WEEK IN CONGRESS

LENGTH: 934  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan has issued the
following news release:



 Another $6.4 million for water



 Since getting the funding formulae for insular areas changed in 2009, we have
received over $57 million for water infrastructure, including another $6.4
million awarded on September 29. Prior to the 2009 change the Marianas was only
getting about $1 million each year. One goal for the funds is 24-hour water for
Saipan, which we briefly reached in 2013. But since then--and despite all the
additional funding--the number of households getting water around the clock has
dropped; and Saipan remains virtually the only urban area in the U.S. without
reliable 24-hour water service. The funding formulae increases are renewed by
Congress in every year's appropriation for the Environmental Protection Agency.
The fiscal 2017 spending bill, which has cleared the House of Representatives,
once again raises the Clean Water and Safe Drinking Water State Revolving Funds
insular set-asides from 0.25 to 1.5 percent and from 0.33 to 1.5 percent,
respectively. Congress is expected to finish work on the bill after the November
8 election.





 Hiring great teachers for our students



 The best way to a great education is through a great teacher and a new bill, of
which I am an original cosponsor, will support teacher training, recruitment,
and retention, so our students can have great teachers. The Innovations to
Recruit and Retain Excellent Teachers Act, H.R. 6236, will provide federal
funding to increase teacher compensation, especially for teachers in leadership
roles or who are mentoring other teachers within their schools. Grant funds may
also be used to create opportunities for teacher professional development, such
as advanced credentialing, and to support curriculum development. The first $2
billion authorized by the proposal would be distributed on a competitive basis,
although the four small insular areas--American Samoa, Guam, the Northern
Marianas, and the US Virgin Islands--would not compete with the states, but
would have their own $10 million set-aside.



 Federal Opportunities for/in the Marianas



 Grants:



     Nurse Anesthetist Training Program - Grants are awarded to accredited
institutions that educate registered nurses to become nurse anesthetists.
Recipients disburse funds to students in the form of traineeship support.
Closing date is December 5, 2016. For more information, go to http://www.grants.
gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=285582.





 Jobs



     Sales Store Checker - The Department of Defense, Defense Commissary Agency
has an opening for a Sales Store Checker in Guam. Incumbent will operate an
electronic checkout system, make change, and verify change fund and amount of
currency received during an assigned shift. Position is open until March 31,
2017. For more information, go to
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/451963800/.

     Store Associate - The Department of Defense, Defense Commissary Agency has
an opening for a Store Associate in Guam. Incumbent will assist customers
answering questions such as item price or location, perform a variety of duties
in handling, preparing and maintaining stock levels of grocery and produce
items. Position is open until March 31, 2017. For more information, go to
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/451964000/.

     Store Worker - The Department of Defense, Defense Commissary Agency has an
opening for a Store Worker in Guam. Incumbent will be responsible for
maintaining  adequate stock of resale items, identifying spoilage, damage, and
out-of-date merchandise, receive supplies, equipment and resale items, among
other duties. Position is open until March 31, 2017. For more information, go to
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/451846600/.

     Meatcutter - The Department of Defense, Defense Commissary Agency has an
opening for a Meatcutter in Guam. Incumbent will perform a full range of tasks
associated with processing beef, pork, veal and lamb into retail and
ready-to-eat cuts, advice patrons of storage life, temperature requirements,
thawing times, and proper cooking procedures. Position is open until March 31,
2017. For more information, go to
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/451685700/.

     Meatcutting Worker - The Department of Defense, Defense Commissary Agency
has an opening for a Meatcutting Worker in Guam. Incumbent will assist
journeyman meatcutters, tray, wrap, weigh, and price cut using automatic or
manual wrapping machines, and ensure correct prices by referencing price lists.
Position is open until March 31, 2017. For more information, go to
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/451685100/.

     Intelligence Operations Specialist - The Department of Homeland Security,
Transportation Security Administration has an opening for an Intelligence
Operations Specialist in Guam. Incumbent will serve as a technical advisor on
intelligence procedures, methodology, techniques, and strategies. Position is
open until October 14, 2016. For more information, go to
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/452277600/.

     Custodial Worker - The Department of Defense, Defense Commissary Agency has
an opening for a Custodial Worker in Guam. Incumbent will maintain an orderly
and clean specified area following general instructions regarding the tasks to
be performed, sweep, mop, scrub, wax, and polish floors using heavy industrial
powered equipment. Position is open until March 31, 2017.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Yeovil Express

                          September 9, 2009 Wednesday

Solar energy grants scheme is launched

BYLINE: Steve Sowden

SECTION: YEOVIL NEWS (YE NEWS YEOVIL)

LENGTH: 387 words


SOLAR energy will now come at a much cheaper price for South Somerset residents
thanks to a new grant scheme being launched this month.

Grants of up to £1,000 will be available to help homeowners install solar panels
that heat water.

The opportunity is a result of a new scheme being run by Climate Energy on
behalf of South Somerset District Council that will reduce the cost of a
two-panel solar system from around £4600 to £3600 for households of any level of
income in the area.

On top of the grant, some homeowners may also be eligible for a low interest
loan through Wessex Reinvestment Trust that could help fund the entire cost.

Climate Energy, an independent energy agency has been appointed to manage the
scheme and coordinate it with homeowners, organising grants, signposting to
loans and coordinating installation.

The council's environmental health officer, Alasdair Bell, said: "This is the
first scheme of its type, in South Somerset, that offers grants and loans to
provide solar panels.

"Around £600 of the £1000 grant will come from South Somerset District Council
and the remainder will come from the Government's Low Carbon Building Programme.
The grant funding is, however, limited and will be given on a first come first
served basis."

The council's housing spokesman, Cllr Ric Pallister, said: "This new scheme will
reduce carbon emissions across the district, helping to tackle the impact of
climate change and reduce fuel bills at the same time.

"We want to encourage all households to look into the possibility, especially
now there is so much help and support available.

"The aim is to offer a package that makes it easy for residents. All they need
to do is make a call to Climate Energy who can advise them on what is available
and how to go about it.

"It is so important that we promote ways to tackle climate change and this is
the first of many initiatives we hope to offer. It won't solve the problem but
it's a great opportunity to start.

"Solar panels are energy efficient, take up less space than most other options
and can dramatically cut fuel bills for hot water, particularly when using a
costly fuel source such as oil or electricity. That is why we are so pleased to
be able to offer a package of help like this one."

Climate Energy advisors are now ready to receive enquires on 0800-0966356.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Yeovil Express

                           September 8, 2009 Tuesday

Solar energy grants available for residents

BYLINE: Steve Sowden

SECTION: YEOVIL NEWS (YE NEWS YEOVIL)

LENGTH: 387 words


SOLAR energy will now come at a much cheaper price for South Somerset residents
thanks to a new grant scheme being launched this month.

Grants of up to £1,000 will be available to help homeowners install solar panels
that heat water.

The opportunity is a result of a new scheme being run by Climate Energy on
behalf of South Somerset District Council that will reduce the cost of a
two-panel solar system from around £4600 to £3600 for households of any level of
income in the area.

On top of the grant, some homeowners may also be eligible for a low interest
loan through Wessex Reinvestment Trust that could help fund the entire cost.

Climate Energy, an independent energy agency has been appointed to manage the
scheme and coordinate it with homeowners, organising grants, signposting to
loans and coordinating installation.

The council's environmental health officer, Alasdair Bell, said: "This is the
first scheme of its type, in South Somerset, that offers grants and loans to
provide solar panels.

"Around £600 of the £1000 grant will come from South Somerset District Council
and the remainder will come from the Government's Low Carbon Building Programme.
The grant funding is, however, limited and will be given on a first come first
served basis."

The council's housing spokesman, Cllr Ric Pallister, said: "This new scheme will
reduce carbon emissions across the district, helping to tackle the impact of
climate change and reduce fuel bills at the same time.

"We want to encourage all households to look into the possibility, especially
now there is so much help and support available.

"The aim is to offer a package that makes it easy for residents. All they need
to do is make a call to Climate Energy who can advise them on what is available
and how to go about it.

"It is so important that we promote ways to tackle climate change and this is
the first of many initiatives we hope to offer. It won't solve the problem but
it's a great opportunity to start.

"Solar panels are energy efficient, take up less space than most other options
and can dramatically cut fuel bills for hot water, particularly when using a
costly fuel source such as oil or electricity. That is why we are so pleased to
be able to offer a package of help like this one."

Climate Energy advisors are now ready to receive enquires on 0800-0966356.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Orange Leader (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday

Victory Gardens residents encouraged to connect with Orangefield Water Supply

BYLINE: Dawn Burleigh, The Orange Leader, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 441 words


March 04--In a continuing effort to clean the waters in the Adams Bayou and Cow
Bayou watersheds, Orangefield Water Supply Corporation is reaching out to the
Victory Gardens area to encourage residents to sign up for a tie-in to the
sewage system.

"We have a short window to work with," Orangefield Water Supply Corporation
Interim Manager Joe Martin said. "There is interest there, but we need to get
the information out."

Martin said the company was recently in the neighborhood going door to door to
reach the citizens.

Commissioner Precinct Three John Banken encouraged residents to sign up now.

"It will be less expensive to sign up for water and sewer now than it will be
later," Banken said. "We have to clean up Cow Bayou."

"Thirteen years ago, the EPA designated water bodies as polluted and told the
state to litigate the issue," Orange County Health Director Joel Ardoin said.
"It is why we were able to qualify for the CIAP grants to eliminate failed sewer
systems."

The CIAP grants did not have an income requirement. Originally a four year
project, the project is now a three year one.

"The federal government pulled funds out," Ardoin said. "Texas was successful in
having the same funding, just one less year."

"They were never based on income," Ardoin said. "They were based on water
quality. It was for improving coastal water and just happened to be a sewer
grant."

With the CIAP grants, anyone with a failed septic system could apply as long as
it was not a business or new construction.

The last of the participants in the CIAP grants are expected to be completed by
June according to Ardoin.

The county is pursuing a CDBG block grant.

"That grant will have an income restriction," Ardoin said. "The TMDL is why we
are pursuing the grant."

The plan for Total Maximum Daily Load (TMDL) for bacteria, dissolved oxygen and
pH in Adams Bayou, Cow Bayou, and their tributaries is a 70 page document which
includes identifying all the on-site sewage facilities in Orange County in the
Adams Bayou and Cow Bayou watersheds and prioritizing problematic areas as steps
towards cleaning the watersheds. This would include, where possible, connecting
households with failing septic systems to wastewater collection and treatment
systems.

Ardoin said the watershed is two-thirds of the county.

The Adams Bayou watershed includes portions of the cities of Orange, West
Orange, Pinehurst and Mauriceville. The Cow Bayou watershed includes portions of
Bridge City, Vidor, Mauriceville, Evadale and Buna.

___ (c)2015 The Orange Leader (Orange, Texas) Visit The Orange Leader (Orange,
Texas) at www.orangeleader.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150304-XY-Victory-Gardens-residents-encouraged-to-connect-with-Orangefield-
Water-Supply-0304-20150304

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XY


                        Copyright 2015 The Orange Leader


                              766 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Lancaster Guardian

                           November 10, 2016 Thursday

Lancaster families still not home after Storm Desmond

LENGTH: 396  words


Lancaster residents and businesses have still not been able to return to their
properties nearly a year after Storm Desmond.

Lancaster City Council's overview and scrutiny committee heard that a "complex
set of circumstances centring around three causes" led to the devastating floods
in the city on December 5 last year.

These were the inability of surface water to escape into the river Lune,
overflow from the River beyond Skerton Weir and flood waters escaping from the
Millrace, an underground flood protection system in Damside Street.

At the end of October, out of the 225 households affected by the flooding 28
households are still not able to return to their homes.

Of the 212 businesses affected, 19 are still not in operation, 22 are partially
operational and six have permanently closed or moved out of the Lancaster
district.

In total, £154,000 of Community Support Grants have been paid to eligible
households, while £27,000 has been given to businesses.

Lancashire County Council as the Lead Flood Authority has been working with the
Environment Agency to assess projects which need to be developed to respond to
the major flooding incidents in the district. City council officers have also
been made aware that Electricity North West is proposing to invest around £2m in
modifying the electricity substation at Caton Road to ensure that it can
withstand a much greater threat from storm damage than it did last December.

At Warton where flooding from the River Keer affected homes on Gardener Road the
Environment Agency has been repairing damage along the river course and has

been undertaking dredging works. A number of discussions are taking place
between land owners, local residents and the Environment Agency about potential
new ways to manage the flood plain in this area to examine whether this might
help with future flooding incidents.

At Slyne where flooding occurred during Storm Eva the county council is
considering the very complex and historic flooding land drainage issues which
cause this flooding and what further steps if any can be taken to mitigate the
collection of water from run off.

Plans to address future flooding in the city, including repairs and improvements
to the Millrace, and a new flood wall in Caton Road, hope to tap in to an extra
£350million which has been allocated by the Government to address the need to
improve flood defences.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WGAR


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              767 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cairns Post (Australia)

                             June 16, 2011 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

No frills in TRC Budget

BYLINE: Tony Stickley (stickleya@tcp.newsltd.com.au)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 411  words


TABLELANDS Regional Council has delivered a "modest" 4.12 per cent rates
increase while promising a $43 million capital works program in its annual
Budget.

More than half of urban residential ratepayers and about 30 per cent of rural
households will pay no more than $50 a year extra.

More than a quarter of rural households will actually have a reduction because
of valuation changes.

Mayor Tom Gilmore yesterday described it as a "no-frills, down to earth Budget".

He said councillors were deeply aware of pressure on the family budget, the
lingering effects of cyclone Yasi, an uncertain jobs market and stress in some
of the agricultural industries.

Despite those challenges, Cr Gilmore said it was a balanced Budget that
delivered on services and provided for a massive capital works program.

The council changed its pensioner remission program so that anyone with a
pension card can apply for a rates rebate of up to $240, at a cost to the
council of $174,000.

Cr Gilmore said this was recognition that some elderly people needed a little
help.

One of the more contentious issues was the decision to consolidate the region's
mishmash of different sewerage schemes in the region into a consolidated scheme
whereby all residential properties connected for sewage disposal will pay an
annual fee of $570.

Cr Gilmore said that without fundamental change, the existing schemes would have
placed an "unsustainable" burden on ratepayers.

Of the $43 million allocated for infrastructure, $14.13 million will be spent on
roads, including $9.26 million for building roads, bridges and drains and a
further $4.8 million for maintenance.

That was in addition to the millions being spent on road and bridge repair for
natural disaster damage funded by the State and Federal governments.

About $14 million is being spent on redeveloping Mareeba airport, fully funded
by a State Government grant.

Water charges will rise by 5 per cent across the board.

The waste management levy will stay at $131 while the cost of kerbside waste
collection will rise between $8 and $17.

AT A GLANCE

General rates rise of 4.12 per cent

Some households to pay less than $50 a year more

Some rural properties get reductions

Total operating revenue $128.2 million,total operating expenditure $121.8
million

$43 million allocated to roads, buildings, water, sewerage and waste

893 more pensioners eligible for $240 rebate

Universal sewerage charge of $570 for connected homes

$6 million for plant and vehicle replacement

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCP


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              768 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Michigan Preps GOs Amid Detroit School and Flint Woes

BYLINE: Nora Colomer

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 34481

LENGTH: 1208  words


DALLAS -- Michigan is prepping its first general obligation bond issue of 2016
amid growing uncertainty about the long-term impacts on the state's credit from
Flint's water contamination crisis and the financial plight of the Detroit
Public Schools.

"For Michigan these are issues that will eat into its reserves," said Howard
Cure, director of municipal research at Evercore Wealth Management. "I'm not
sure how much more aggressive the state can be on lowering taxes when they have
these issues and what happens to the state during the next recession as far as
taking care of these communities? These are a lot of issues and I think
investors are definitely thinking about it."

The state will take competitive bids March 29 on $82 million of tax-exempt GOs,
offered with maturities between 2021 to 2024.

Robert W. Baird & Co, Inc. is the financial advisor. Bond counsel is Dickinson
Wright PLLC and issuer and disclosure counsel is Dykema Gossett PLLC.

Proceeds will fund grants to local municipalities under the Michigan Department
of Environmental Quality's Storm Water, Asset Management and Wastewater Program,
according to Terry Stanton, a spokesperson for the Michigan Treasury department.

In 2002, Michigan voters approved Proposal 2, creating the Great Lakes Water
Quality Bond Fund and dedicating $1 billion to help prevent sewage overflows.
Most of the bond dollars are used by the State Revolving Fund to provide loans
to local units of government to improve sewer and storm water infrastructure.
Approximately $303 million in grants have been awarded since 2002.

Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's affirmed the state's ratings of
Aa1 and AA-minus respectively.

S&P revised its outlook on Michigan down to stable from positive ahead of the
deal, saying that spiraling costs of fixing Flint's water system and rescuing
DPS could eat away at Michigan's healthy surplus.

"Michigan currently has the wherewithal to support projected additional costs
and maintain the current rating," said Standard & Poor's credit analyst Carol
Spain. "But if costs related to the Flint water crisis or distressed local
credits escalate, there could be credit pressure." The revised outlook also
applies to Michigan's A-plus appropriation-backed debt rating.

Moody's kept its outlook at stable.

"The Aa1 rating incorporates the state's solid financial position and liquidity,
a strong tax revenue trend driven by robust economic growth, and moderate debt
and pension burdens," said Moody's, which raised the state's rating one notch
last summer. "The rating also recognizes our expectation that the state will
continue to oversee local government distress with manageable direct state
financial exposure."

Michigan's current credit strength lies in part in its healthy reserves and
liquidity. Michigan has a $600 million surplus and an over $380 million
emergency fund, but the burden of Flint and the Detroit schools is expected to
halt the state's positive momentum in building reserves, which had fueled
positive credit momentum.

Over the past decade the state has experienced both economic and fiscal
improvements. Unemployment, for example, dropped to below the national rate in
September after climbing to more than 4 percentage points above the U.S. rate in
2009.

The state's consensus revenue estimate reflects incremental operating fund tax
revenue growth of about 3.3%, or $725 million, but most of it would be allocated
to incremental spending increases in Flint, DPS and to boost transportation
funding.

Market participants have worries.

Investors are looking at Flint for potential costs that could be drawn out for
years, Cure said.

Cure believes the strains stemming from Detroit's schools and Flint are somewhat
related, in that both are very poor communities that are struggling and the
state "doesn't want the electorate to think that all these poor people are being
neglected."

Cost estimates for the Flint water crisis range from $700 million to $1.5
billion.

Snyder has requested a total $232 million from state lawmakers to tackle both
the short-term health and long-term safety concerns of Flint residents in the
wake of the city's water contamination crisis.

Snyder said in a release on March 16 that the Federal Emergency Management
Agency rejected his request for funding through emergency protective measures
and Individuals and Households programs. They would have covered costs of food,
water and other needs, as well as help repair water systems.

In the March 3 letter to the Federal Management Emergency Agency, Snyder
specifically requested funding from the Category B program for emergency
protective measures and the Individuals and Households Program.

"I don't have access to what the state is looking at, but it is optimistic to
assume that the state or any other party understands the full dollar cost of the
Flint disaster," said Matt Fabian, a partner at Municipal Market Analytics. "It
is open-ended and, ultimately will be born in part by the state budget. Because
this is Michigan, overages are more likely to be paid to the detriment of other
spending, most likely local aid."

DPS' bailout so far carries a price tag of $715 million.

The school district, which has been under emergency management since 2009, has
seen operating deficits balloon over the last four years to a projected $335
million at the end of 2016 from $83 million in 2012 an enrollment plummeted,
according to the Citizens Research Council of Michigan, a nonpartisan public
affairs research organization.

The district's fourth emergency manager, Darnell Earley, who departed at the end
of February, was coincidentally the emergency manager of Flint when the city
made the ill-fated decision to switch from Detroit Water and Sewerage System to
obtain water from the Flint River in 2014.

The river water was not properly treated, causing lead contamination in the
water pipes that remained even after the city shifted back to Detroit water.

Snyder is asking lawmakers to use tobacco settlement proceeds at the rate of $72
million a year for 10 years to eliminate the school district's $515 million
deficit and wants to provide another $200 million to invest in the schools.

To address DPS' more immediate and dire cash flow crisis and keep its door open
past April, Snyder has proposed using $50 million in supplemental funding from
the state's general fund. The funding has cleared the House and is awaiting a
Senate vote.

His fiscal 2017 executive budget also identifies education, health care, job
creation, and infrastructure investment as key priorities. It calls for an
overall 0.8%, or $438 million, increase in spending over fiscal 2016, with a
1.5%, or $145 million, increase in general fund spending.

Spending on transportation incorporates a tax package enacted in 2015 effective
Jan. 1, 2017, that includes a 7.3-cent gas tax increase which would raise $236
million, an 11.3-cent diesel fuel increase expected to raise $69 million, and a
20% increase in vehicle registration fees which would generate $155 million.

In the near term, it eases general fund support for transportation by $390
million, but long-term transportation funding phases back to general fund
support in fiscal 2019, which S&P said "could pressure the general fund in
future years."

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                             May 14, 2011 Saturday

Energy project leaves nothing to waste

LENGTH: 515  words


SNEEK, THE NETHERLANDS // The garage in a low-income neighbourhood, where a bust
of Marilyn Monroe peeks out of a nearby apartment window, is marked only by the
letter "B".

Inside, it smells like a stable. That is the odor of sewage being converted to
energy and clean water.

"Of course, it has to meet certain standards," says Liesbeth Wiersma, a
consultant for Desah, the Dutch company that makes the system to cut water
consumption and turn human waste into biogas.

"The whole idea behind it is water reduction and what it can do about water
scarcity."

Some companies have turned dishwater into water to irrigate farms, while others
have focused on building biomass plants that turn waste into energy. Desah wants
to accomplish both tasks at once, and it has its eyes on the UAE for its first
site outside of Europe.

The UAE, with its desert climate and growing water and energy needs, is ideal
territory for Desah, said Brendo Meulman, the company's technical director.

Mr Meulman hopes to sell the technology to Masdar, Abu Dhabi's clean energy
company, and UAE housing developers.

"They are very ambitious when it comes to sustainability, and the concept they
have is not only focusing on water saving but also on energy producing and the
recovery of nutrients," said Mr Meulman. "In the UAE, hopefully we can
accomplish some projects within some years."

The technology, developed at a Dutch university, begins with a special toilet
costing EUR200 (Dh1,049), with separate outlets for solid and liquid waste.

The wastewater is piped to a central point, such as the garage in Sneek, a
remote northern town of 33,000 residents. The pilot project, which has been
running for five years, serves 25 households and is subsidised by the
government.

A series of tanks extracts phosphate and nitrogen, which can be used to
fertilise crops, then purifies the water with oxygen. The water can then be used
for irrigating gardens or flushing toilets.

"We meet better standards than the conventional wastewater treatment plants in
the Netherlands right now," Ms Wiersma said.

"When you are able to do this at a larger scale, you might be able to do so much
that it might be lucrative."

Solid waste is then put through a digestor, where bacteria release a gas that
can then be burned as energy. Excess sludge is sent to conventional treatment
plants.

The system is designed to cut water use by 25 per cent. Desah claims that
because people become more aware of how much they use, the reduction has been 40
per cent.

Desah is building a second site to serve a new housing development in Sneek,
with low-income households and a building for the elderly. The EUR1.2 million
system will serve 250 households.

The technology needs to serve at least 500 households before it becomes
commercially viable, and because of the high upfront cost, it is best suited to
new housing centres.

Mr Meulman pitched the idea to UAE property developers a few years ago but talks
stalled when the property market went into downturn.

"Within one year, we will move forward again to approach the market over there,"
he said.

ayee@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2011 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                             July 10, 2008 Thursday

LINES, LINES, EVERYWHERE THERE ARE LINES

BYLINE: ANDY DENNISON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A-2

LENGTH: 250 words


By Andy Dennison

The Taos News

After 40 years of service, the Upper Des Montes domestic water system will soon
get a facelift.

Bids are being sought by the Upper Des Montes Mutual Domestic Water Consumer
Association to replace all 12,000 feet of its main line along Upper Rim Road,
Leos Road and NM 150 that serves 70 households.

"It's a 40-year-old system that has the problems of an old system," said Dan
Romero, association president. "This project should eliminate a lot of the
problems we have had."

The association is close to signing a loan-grant agreement with the U.S.
Department of Agriculture to pay for the project, which is estimated at about
$850,000, Romero said.

The project includes the new main line, 70 service tap lines to connect with
households, a 50,000-gallon storage tank to replace two smaller tanks, 12 fire
hydrants and meters for each household.

The new meters will create a new billing system, based on individual household
use, Romero said. He does not expect rates to change significantly, however.

Excavators will trench two-plus miles of 6-inch PVC pipe and about 2,000 feet of
2-inch, lateral pipe from the proposed site of the new tank off Leos Road to the
district's western boundary on Upper Rim Road. Laterals also will run to a well
along NM 150 and to houses along Mouse House Road.

The existing, galvanized metal line will be decommissioned, Romero said.

"It's been two years in the making," he said. "This will make it easier both for
the customers and the board members."

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for caption, graphics and photographer info.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             August 21, 2015 Friday

Salvaging Irish Water;
Water charges

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 474 words


Having made an unholy mess of its efforts to introduce water charges, the
Government has added to the confusion in advance of a general election. There is
no question of abolishing charges. The damage caused by relying on an
excessively narrow tax base before the economic crash continues to reverberate
through the fiscal system. Irish Water will remain. But questions persist over
whether those who refuse to pay will continue to receive so-called conservation
grants.

It is a difficult issue to address without making water charges an election
issue. Efforts by Minister for the Environment Alan Kelly to do so fell foul of
Michael Noonan and handed yet another stick to the Opposition. Government
parties had hoped to campaign on the basis of managerial competence: receiving
plaudits for releasing the State from bailout status and presiding over a
rapidly growing economy. But its handling of Irish Water tells a different
story. Since Phil Hogan departed for Brussels, his successor Minister for
Environment Alan Kelly has been forced by political pressure to introduce a cap
on water charges and introduce a EUR 100 conservation/registration grant for all
householders, without exception. The fact that non-payers will benefit from the
grant infuriated law-abiding citizens and Mr Kelly, in response, proposed to
limit future access.

In its efforts to keep Irish Water off its balance sheet, the Government
intervened to reduce potential charges, engaged in creative accounting and
involved the Department of Social Protection. That, in turn, caused Eurostat to
criticise the financial basis of the business and to reject its status as an
independent, semi-State company.

Fianna Fáil, an early proponent of water charges, joined Sinn Féin in calling
for Irish Water's abolition. It was open season. Barry Cowen regarded as
"farcical" a standard practice that PPS numbers are supplied when payments are
made through the Department of Social Protection.

The notion of returning to a discredited, fragmented local authority system is
risible. Irish Water achieved a poor, 43 per cent, payment rate last June, but
some 70 per cent of households had registered, thereby becoming liable for
future charges. Structures put in place by Mr Hogan were flawed and disagreement
persists within Government concerning remedial action. Mr Kelly wishes to bring
down the operating costs of Irish Water and, at the same time, speed up a
reduction in its workforce. He also favours pushing out the timescale for its
transition to a semi-State company, thereby reducing concerns about
privatisation. These are reasonable objectives but, in an election context, are
potentially toxic and could add impetus to the anti-water charge campaign.
Government handling of these issues has been characterised by incompetence - and
it has little time to get it right.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

Cabinet to rule on expanding water subsidies

LENGTH: 382  words


AMMAN - The Cabinet is expected to decide next week on a proposal put forward by
the Ministry of Water and Irrigation to increase the number of consumers
benefiting from subsidised water prices, according to a government official. The
proposal would raise the level of household water consumption to which the
subsidy applies from 12 cubic metres per month to 18 cubic metres per month,
water ministry's spokesperson and assistant secretary general, Adnan Zu'bi, said
on Sunday. "The number of people who are categorised as small water consumers
and benefit from the government's subsidy on water prices will be expanded under
this proposal from 56 per cent to 75 per cent of consumers," he told The Jordan
Times yesterday.

The official noted that the Water Authority of Jordan will incur increased costs
if the ministry's proposal is approved by the Cabinet and that the proposal
includes ways to make up those additional expenses. "The ministry has also
proposed raising annual fees on households owning swimming pools from JD250 to
JD500. This will help the authority compensate for the extra costs incurred in
expanding the number of people benefiting from the government subsidy on water
prices," Zu'bi noted. The ministry started implementing a set of new policies
last year, which included raising domestic water tariffs, introducing a new
monthly billing system, and requiring owners of private indoor and outdoor
swimming pools to pay JD250 annually on top of their regular water bills. The
government announced at the time that it would increase water tariffs as part of
a three-year social, economic and financial plan to address deficit in the state
budget. In December, however, the ministry said it would reconsider the switch
from a quarterly to a monthly water billing system following several complaints
by consumers that their water bills had gone up. To help the ministry make a
final decision based on the public's preference, ballot boxes were placed in
water directorates across the Kingdom to allow subscribers to vote on whether to
keep or change the monthly billing system. "So far, 45 per cent of consumers
have voted in favour of a quarterly billing system," Zu'bi highlighted, noting
that a final decision on the billing system will also require a Cabinet
decision.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2012 The Jordan Times.
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               October 7, 1999, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

(MADISON COUNTY BRIEFS)

SECTION: MADISON COUNTY POST, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 536 words



WORDEN

Grants will help update water system, fire equipment

The village of Worden recently got state grants totaling $ 165,000 for
improvements in its water system and fire department.

A $ 125,000 grant will help Worden upgrade its water lines, repair fire hydrants
and shut off wells that are no longer needed because water is now being
purchased from the Bond-Madison Water Systems Supply.

The Worden Fire Department also will get $ 40,000 in a state grant designated
for buying a new pumper truck.

The money for the grants comes from the Illinois First public works plan passed
by the Legislature last spring.

HIGHLAND

Garage sale's proceeds will help build solarium

A giant, multifamily garage sale will be held Oct. 21-23 at 1990 Old Trenton
Road, Highland, starting at 7 a.m. and continuing into the late afternoon each
day.

Proceeds from the sale will be used to help build a solarium for Alzheimer's
patients at the Highland Health Care Center.

The all-weather room will give the center's patients access to the outdoors,
even in bad weather, according to Betty Kidd, an organizer of the garage sale.

Many items at the sale will cost a dollar or less, and no item will cost more
than five dollars, Kidd said. Toys, clothing, books and household items will be
available, she said. More information is available by calling 654-7912.

COLLINSVILLE

Chorale will bring music of Broadway to church stage

The Collinsville Chorale will perform a variety of Broadway music at its annual
fall concert Friday at St. John Evangelical United Church of Christ, 307 West
Clay Street.

The free concert will start at 7 p.m.

The chorale will sing selections from such shows as "West Side Story," "Phantom
of the Opera" and "The Sound of Music" and will pay special tribute to Richard
Rodgers. The chorale is a community choral group directed by Marty Johnson.

The group performs four times a year and rehearses for a month before each
concert. Anyone with an interest in singing is invited to audition. More
information is available from Gary Humphrey at 344-1960.

EDWARDSVILLE

Church plans conference on Christian writer's work

First Presbyterian Church in Edwardsville is sponsoring a conference Friday and
Saturday to talk and teach about Christian writer C.S. Lewis.

This event will go in depth into the Lewis' life, work and relationship with
Jesus Christ from the book "C.S. Lewis: Christian Writer," by Dr. George L.
Musacchio. He is an English professor and the arts and sciences chairman at the
University of Mary Hardin-Baylor in Texas.

It will be held at the First Presbyterian Church in Edwardsville.

The registration fee is $ 25, which includes the study sessions and a closing
candlelight dinner at the church.

Anyone interested in attending should call 656-4550.

EDWARDSVILLE

Pakistani students plan cultural event at university

The Pakistan Student Association at Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville
will honor its cultural pride during Pakistan Night on Saturday.

It will be held 6:30 p.m. at the Meridian Ballroom on campus.

For more information, call 650-4021 or 650-4887.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Madison County Briefs Column

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              774 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               Belfast Telegraph

                               September 17, 2002

Paying for water

LENGTH: 1159 words


The Silent Valley reservoir supplies water to much of the province, but
households do not make a comparable contribution in Northern Ireland to that
payable in Great Britain

WATER does not come to customers free.  There is a very large investment in the
network of fresh water supplies and waste water removal that must be paid for
and extended to improve standards.

In the now outdated form of Government accounting, in 2000-1 the Department of
Regional Development spent £235m and recouped only £42m in charges, usually from
larger customers with metered supplies.  Of the £235m, a sum of £102m was
capital expenditure and £132m was classed as current. The net position,
therefore, was that the general tax and rates revenue financed £193m.of this
spending.

Two critical features of these arrangements affect the future of the water
services.

First, water services in England, Wales and Scotland are not financed from
general or local taxation.  Specific charges are imposed on water users, usually
based on a proxy indicator for usage such as rateable value of the address of
the user or, in Scotland, through the council tax system.

Consequently, in the financial comparisons of public sector spending of Northern
Ireland with other parts of Great Britain, spending on water services is
additional here and this effectively reduces the remaining amount of the Block
Grant from the Treasury that would be available for other services. While for
every other service, the Barnett Formula will mean some read across of funding
from England to Northern Ireland that does not apply for water, since there is
no comparable public spending.

The Treasury has, for several years, drawn attention to the inequity of a system
that means that households do not make a comparable contribution in Northern
Ireland to that payable in Great Britain.  The alleged inequity might be
countered if Northern Ireland could argue that the equivalent effect was
achieved by notionally including a re alistic amount for water charges in the
rates bill to each household.

However, in reality the position is much more vulnerable. Rates levied in
Northern Ireland are, by any objective measure, lower than comparisons would
justify.  A separate argument is developing about adjusting rates bills to
narrow this gap.  The leverage from the Treasury is that unless rates bills are
increased, the expected extra borrowing for the Reform and Reinvestment
Initiative will not be permitted.

The absence of separate water charges, therefore, is already effectively
reducing the funds available from the Block Grant formula for other public
services.

The second critical feature affecting decisions on the financing of water
services is the change in Government accounting procedures on a UK-wide basis.
As from 2003-4, the full effects of resource accounting and budgeting will apply
in Northern Ireland alongside similar changes in GB. This will mean that all
Departments will have to manage the costs of capital and depreciation as part of
their budget as part of their overall costs.

This may seem a technicality of presentation that should have little impact on
overall funding flows: not so! For most public services, it is possible to deal
with this change in a way that parallels the corresponding service in England,
but this is not the case for water and, while the water service operates as at
present, this will create a new squeeze on the Executive's funds.  If water
services here were funded on the same basis as in Scotland, where a public
sector body recovers its costs from charges to customers, this would not be a
problem, because under the Treasury's rules the new costs would then not have to
be covered by the Executive.

As a temporary measure the Treasury has said it would be prepared to allow
Northern Ireland a waiver from the requirement to include the water service
within these new capital accounting rules. However, this is reported to be on
the condition that Northern Ireland agrees in principle to implement the
necessary changes to the funding methods. In effect they are saying that the new
rules must apply, but are offering the Executive some time to make a change.

To justify the waiver, the Treasury has asked the Executive to make a formal
policy commitment on the necessary changes by the end of this year.  The
Treasury is, therefore, trying to get a decision that will bring Northern
Ireland into line with other regions by 2005-6.

In political terms, these changes will not be popular.  Nevertheless, as a part
of the overall plans to modernise the public sector, this is the price that
needs to be paid.

If the revenue changes to meet water service provision are not accepted, then
the full impact of resource budgeting will be applied and the result will be
that annual depreciation charges for the estimated value of the capital invested
will be a charge on the water service budget and, therefore, an extra charge on
the expenditure of the Executive.

For the Water Service, the cost of capital and depreciation amounts to about
£400m a year. This is based on an estimate that the replacement value of its
assets is around £4bn. For the first year after the change, this does not create
a problem because the Treasury would convert the budget provided to the
Executive to the new basis. The problem is stark in subsequent years because
these costs are growing, and the Executive has no easy alternative way of
meeting these costs, other than at the expense of other services.

Over the long term there would be an increasing diversion of the resources for
public services that, by 2020, could squeeze out £1bn a year that the Executive
could use for public services.

For the Executive, the problem is one of removing water service finances from
the normal public sector spending framework.  That can only happen if water
becomes self-financing.

If charges, direct or indirect, were introduced, then conventional funding of
borrowing would be one option, possibly under the Reform and Reinvestment
Initiative.

The underpinning principle that has lead to this position is that all public
sector departments and agencies should carry a charge for the capital invested
in services.  The new regime immediately affects the way in which the Block
Grant and Barnett formula impact on Northern Ireland.

Requests to the Treasury for exemption from the changes will gain a frosty
reply. Any more favourable approach would breach their fundamental rules and
would amount to asking the taxpayer in England, who already pays for water, for
a greater Block Grant contribution to public services here. The changes are
logical and they should be applied equitably in the different regions.  How then
might Northern Ireland say 'no'?

The Minister for Regional Development and the Executive have a problem to solve
and need greater public understanding of the situation.


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Paper

                Copyright 2002 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.


                              775 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 9, 2017 Thursday

Rock Falls workers will inspect residential, business plumbing for lead

BYLINE: Pam Eggemeier, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 335 words


March 09--ROCK FALLS -- The city will begin plumbing inspections in May of all
homes and businesses connected to the municipal water system.

The city's water department is required by the Illinois Environmental Protection
Agency and the Illinois Department of Public Health to do the inspections. Rock
Falls Water Superintendent Ted Padilla said the city is on a 3-year cycle to
inspect for lead in plumbing systems.

Surveys regarding the inspections were sent to residents last year, but city
employees will be sent to addresses that didn't respond. If the owners or
tenants aren't home, a door hanger will be left notifying them to call the
city's utility office at 815-622-1115 to make an appointment.

The survey questions can help workers determine whether there is a problem in
the household plumbing.

The city said it is trying to stay ahead of the process and position itself for
any grant money that could become available in the future.

"We're going one step further with this because we know EPA will eventually make
money available for lead programs," City Administrator Robbin Blackert said.

City code dictates that the water superintendent send surveys and check for the
presence of water supply hazards in any home or business that uses municipal
water. The records of the surveys are to be made available for a minimum of 5
years.

Water from treatment facilities is tested for lead, but the plumbing in homes is
the most common source of lead in tap water. Lead and copper levels can be
elevated because of lead pipes, lead solder, and molded metal faucets used in
household plumbing.

Lead levels that exceed EPA standards can cause serious damage to the brain,
kidneys, nervous system, and red blood cells. The greatest risk exists for young
children and pregnant women.

Call the water department at 815-622-1120 with questions about the inspections.

___ (c)2017 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170309-YG-Rock-Falls-workers-will-inspect-residential-business-plumbing-for-le
ad-0309-20170309

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2017 Daily Gazette


                              776 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       Public Opinion (Chambersburg, PA)

                           October 29, 2003 Wednesday

FRANKLIN COUNTY

BYLINE: J.C. North, Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 36A

LENGTH: 483 words


Quincy Twp. to receive sewer aid

State, county funds to help

lower-income people connect

Sewer bill help

To qualify for a connection grant in Quincy township, applicants:

Must own a home in the sewer system service area.

Must provide a copy of most recent tax return as proof of income.

If total household income is less than the listed figure for that size of
family, the resident qualifies for a grant. For example, a household with one
member and an income of $30,150 or less would qualify for a grant.

For more information, call the township office at 762-5679.

By J.C. NORTH

Staff writer

Quincy Township officials learned Tuesday they will receive nearly $384,000 in
state and county money to subsidize sewer connections for low income residents.

Combined with a $244,000 Small Communities Development Block Grant the township
received in the spring, the township now has $628,000 to cover the costs of
sewer connection for hundreds of residents who cannot afford the fees.

On Tuesday, Franklin County Commissioners announced that Quincy would receive a
$350,000 state grant, plus $33,600 from the county's Housing Trust Fund.

Quincy Township Supervisor Robert Gunder said he was surprised by the size of
the grant.

"I thought we'd be lucky if we got $200,000." Gunder said.

Quincy competed with other municipalities in the state for a share of $7 million
in grants from the state Department of Community and Economic Development.

The two grants, according to Supervisor Joe Middour, will enable the township to
help

Continued from Page 3A

more residents.

"I was really concerned how we were going to cover everyone who needs the help,"
he said. "We have a good many hardship cases ... people who cannot repay money."

According to a township survey in January, 471 of the 837 homeowners are
considered low income. Of the 471 residents, 100 are renters and not eligible
for assistance.

The tap-in fee is $1,400 and the cost of a line from a house to the sewer main
averages $15 a foot, according to Gunder.

"Some lateral lines are 300 feet long," he said.

Commission Chairman Warren Elliott said the sewer system will protect the
groundwater.

"It will help the environment for many years," Elliott said. "It has been our
policy to help towns upgrade their sewer and water systems."

Supervisors said 311 residences and the Quincy United Methodist Home already
have been connected to the $11.5 million sewer system.

The state grant announced Tuesday will be used only for the cost of lateral
connections.

The county set up the Housing Trust Fund in 2001 to support affordable housing
activities. It is funded by additional revenue collected when deeds and
mortgages are recorded in the courthouse. The county money will be used for
tap-in fees.

----------

J.C. North can be reached at 262-4753 and jnorth@pubop.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2003 Public Opinion (Chambersburg, PA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2013 Monday

USPTO grants trade mark "MESHOLUTIONS" to Paul GmbH & Co. KG GmbH & Co. KG
(GERMANY)

LENGTH: 123  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


Paul GmbH & Co. KG GmbH & Co. KG (GERMANY), has been granted trademark (4374030)
titled as "MESHOLUTIONS" from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 011. US 013 021 023 031 034. G & S: Filters as parts of household
installations, namely, air filters for air conditioning units and HEPA filters
for household use; filters as parts of household installations, namely, filters
for drinking water and water filters for swimming pools; filters as parts of
industrial installations, namely, air filters for industrial installations,
filters for air and gas conditioning; air filters for industrial applications,
namely, air filters for industrial air conditioning units; air filters for
domestic use

Filing

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              778 of 996 DOCUMENTS



              The Preston County Journal (Kingwood, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 23, 2010

Grant funds are awarded;
Many will benefit from project

BYLINE: The Preston County Journal staff

LENGTH: 323  words


Senators Jay Rockefeller and Robert C. Byrd, along with Congressman Mollohan,
have announced West Virginia will receive an additional $341, 000 in Rural
Development funding through the U.S. Department of Agriculture to be used to
fund water system improvements in Preston County.

"Water infrastructure continues to be one of our top priorities for West
Virginia families, " said Rockefeller. "I have been working on waste-water
infrastructure improvements since my days as Governor, and I know how important
these improvements can be to provide good-paying jobs for West Virginians, boost
the local economy, and protect the health of our citizens."

Senator Byrd added, "Many in this country have the benefit of turning on their
taps every day knowing clean water will come out. Unfortunately, this is not the
reality in West Virginia and throughout rural America. We must be able to ensure
safe and efficient water systems to all of our citizens. This funding for
Preston County is a great asset in achieving clean water for West Virginia."

"This is terrific news for New-burg, " Mollohan said. "By delivering water
service to more than 130 households as well as an elementary school and medical
facility, this project will greatly increase the community's quality of life. I
have always been pleased to work with Senators Byrd and Rockefeller in making
sure West Virginia receives its fair share of this sort of federal investment."

The funding, which includes a $341, 000 water and waste disposal grant and
completes a total funding package of $1, 526, 000 is being awarded through the
USDA Rural Development Fund, which funds water and environmental projects.

The purpose of the Water and Waste Disposal Grant Program is to reduce water and
waste disposal costs to a reasonable level for rural users. Grants may be made
for up to 75% of eligible project costs in some cases. The same types of
applicants are eligible for grants as are for loans.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PCJ

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2010 The Preston County Journal


                              779 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                               November 16, 2014

Irish Water bills to be capped for three years

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 610 words


Water bills will be capped for at least the next three years at a maximum rate
of EUR 200, as the government goes back to basics.

A major investment programme for Irish Water is also expected to be announced by
the government this week.

The complicated charging structure will be reduced down to just two types of
bill - one for a household with one adult, expected to be under EUR 100, and one
for all other households of two adults or more of under EUR 200.

Water charges are going to be capped for at least three years, meaning that
householders will know the bills they are paying until at least the end of 2017.

Although the installation of water meters will continue nationwide, the
introduction of a flat charge means that the meters will not be used for billing
purposes until 2018 at the earliest.

The government's aim is to get water charges over the line with a majority of
households by cutting the rates.

There are people who aren't going to pay. It is about making it manageable for
reasonable people and establishing the basic principle of paying for water,
said one cabinet minister.

Ministers are also hoping that the capping of water charges for at least three
years will give Irish Water time to fix the majority of household leaks. It will
also mean that all households will have a meter when the decision is made to
charge based on actual water use.

Fine Gael Minister of State Paudie Coffey insisted that having a capped charge,
instead of a metered charge, did not mean that people would waste water.

A culture shift will happen. I think it'll help people to get used to managing
their water in the longer term, and it will focus their minds,   he said.

There will be one universal water support payment made automatically by the
Department of Social Protection to ensure that households get either the single
adult water

charge rate of under EUR 100 or the    two or more   adult rate of under EUR
200.

A system of EUR 100 water tax credits for workers and the separate EUR 100 water
support payments for pensioners, announced in the budget, is being scrapped.

The final package will be signed off by the cabinet this week before it is
publicly announced this Wednesday. Agreement on the broad details has been
reached after a meeting last Wednesday of the Economic Management Council.

A senior government source said ministers were confident that the new water
charges would still allow Irish Water to remain    off the balance sheet  . The
publicly-owned company has to pass the EU's market corporation test, which
requires its revenue from business and household customers to exceed the
payments is getting from government.

As part of the water package announcement on Wednesday, there will also be an
overhaul of the much-criticised communications strategy of Irish Water and
details of the process to choose the newly-merged board of Irish Water and its
parent company Ervia (formerly Bord Gáis Eireann).

It will be up to the new board to decide whether to seek changes to Irish
Water's controversial bonus payment scheme for senior executives.

There are also expected to be further commitments that Irish Water will remain
in public ownership, with work having been carried out on this issue by Attorney
General Máire Whelan.

Although the government has not ruled out the use of the Revenue Commissioners
to collect unpaid water charges, it is considered more likely that Irish Water
will rely on the powers that it already has to recover such debts through the
courts.

The courts have the power to grant attachments of earnings orders, so that money
can be deducted from a person's wages or social welfare payments to cover their
water charges.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            March 11, 2017 Saturday

IP Australia grants trade mark 'Clean On ' to LG ELECTRONICS INC.

LENGTH: 294 words

DATELINE: New York



 Australia: LG ELECTRONICS INC. , has been granted trademark (1786033) titled as
"Clean On

 " from -27-JUL-2016-, through -27-JUL-2026-, from the Australian trademark
office.





 Status: Registered/Protected





 Goods & Services:    Class 7: Electric clothes washing machines; automatic
dishwashers; electric vacuum cleaners; electric clothes management machines
having the functions of deodorizing and steaming garments for household
purposes; hoses for electric vacuum cleaners; bags for electric vacuum cleaners;
electric vacuum cleaners of stick shape; electric vacuum cleaners for industrial
uses; electrical brushes; robots (machines); electric rotary blowers; air
compressor pumps; vending machines; rotary compressors; compressors (machines);
reciprocating compressors; compressors for refrigerators; spin dryers (not
heated); electric mixers for household purposes



 Class 11: Air conditioners; hot air heating apparatus; humidifiers; electric
dehumidifiers for household use; electric ranges; water purifiers for household
purposes; water ionizers; membrane apparatus for purifying water; solar energy
collectors; air cleaners; ventilation (air-conditioning) apparatus; light
emitting diode (LED) lighting; plasma lighting system (PLS) lighting; gas
ranges; electric kitchen ovens; apparatus or installations for cooking; electric
refrigerators; electric clothes dryers; water ionization apparatus for household
purposes; ventilation apparatus; microwave ovens







 Type of Mark: Word



 Date of Acceptance:   01-SEP-2016



 Date of Registration:  10-MAR-2017



 Registration Advertised:  16-MAR-2017



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

USDA awards Micmacs, rural Maine communities development funds

BYLINE: Jen Lynds BDN Staff

LENGTH: 389 words


PRESQUE ISLE, Maine -- The Aroostook Band of Micmacs on Thursday were awarded a
substantial loan from the federal government to construct a community building.


The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development agency has invested
$815,700 in grants and loans for projects in rural Maine communities, including
$545,000 for the Micmacs as part of a community facilities direct loan, State
Director Virginia Manuel announced Thursday.


The community building to be constructed for the Micmacs will be used for a
number of educational, youth, elder, health and wellness and cultural programs,
according to the written statement from Manuel and USDA Rural Development.


Tribal officials did not respond to a request for comment Thursday afternoon.


The Dexter Utility District also received a total of $225,000 -- a $130,000
water and waste direct loan and a $95,000 water and waste grant -- to make
upgrades to its water distribution system. Antiquated and undersized water mains
will be replaced to improve the flow and reliability of the system, according to
the the release.


Also receiving funding:


-- The Limestone Water and Sewer District was awarded a $24,000 grant to analyze
a water storage and distribution system to determine needed upgrades for the
future. The district currently serves about 275 households and 32 businesses and
public facilities.


-- The Southern Aroostook Agricultural Museum in Littleton also was awarded
$11,200 through a community facility grant to construct an addition to the
museum's display facility. The museum's storage and display facility is now
overcrowded with so many artifacts the viewing and display of items is hindered.
The funding will be used to construct an addition to that area.


-- Danforth Water District also received a $10,000 grant to analyze its water
storage and distribution system to determine needed upgrades.


"This funding will invest in vital community infrastructure, helping the
Aroostook Band of Micmacs build a community center that will serve many
functions key to the health and well-being of their community, and the Southern
Aroostook Agricultural Museum will continue to provide education about farming
and the land," Manuel said. "In addition, funds will help the communities of
Dexter, Limestone, and Danforth to be sustainable through planning for future
water system needs."

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              782 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

USDA awards Micmacs, rural Maine communities development funds

BYLINE: Jen Lynds BDN Staff

LENGTH: 389 words


PRESQUE ISLE, Maine -- The Aroostook Band of Micmacs on Thursday were awarded a
substantial loan from the federal government to construct a community building.


The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development agency has invested
$815,700 in grants and loans for projects in rural Maine communities, including
$545,000 for the Micmacs as part of a community facilities direct loan, State
Director Virginia Manuel announced Thursday.


The community building to be constructed for the Micmacs will be used for a
number of educational, youth, elder, health and wellness and cultural programs,
according to the written statement from Manuel and USDA Rural Development.


Tribal officials did not respond to a request for comment Thursday afternoon.


The Dexter Utility District also received a total of $225,000 -- a $130,000
water and waste direct loan and a $95,000 water and waste grant -- to make
upgrades to its water distribution system. Antiquated and undersized water mains
will be replaced to improve the flow and reliability of the system, according to
the the release.


Also receiving funding:


-- The Limestone Water and Sewer District was awarded a $24,000 grant to analyze
a water storage and distribution system to determine needed upgrades for the
future. The district currently serves about 275 households and 32 businesses and
public facilities.


-- The Southern Aroostook Agricultural Museum in Littleton also was awarded
$11,200 through a community facility grant to construct an addition to the
museum's display facility. The museum's storage and display facility is now
overcrowded with so many artifacts the viewing and display of items is hindered.
The funding will be used to construct an addition to that area.


-- Danforth Water District also received a $10,000 grant to analyze its water
storage and distribution system to determine needed upgrades.


"This funding will invest in vital community infrastructure, helping the
Aroostook Band of Micmacs build a community center that will serve many
functions key to the health and well-being of their community, and the Southern
Aroostook Agricultural Museum will continue to provide education about farming
and the land," Manuel said. "In addition, funds will help the communities of
Dexter, Limestone, and Danforth to be sustainable through planning for future
water system needs."

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              783 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            December 19, 2005 Monday
                                 S-TIER EDITION

Village to reapply for water-sewer line grant

BYLINE: By Kathy Kellogg - CATTARAUGUS CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 394 words

DATELINE: FRANKLINVILLE


The Franklinville Village Board last week announced a renewed effort to raise
$400,000 for water and sewer lines after receiving encouragement to resubmit a
grant application to the New York State Small Cities Community Development Block
Grant program.

The project is needed to replace a 1915 water and sewer system serving 24 homes
and a group home for disabled residents that is managed by the New York State
Office of Mental Retardation and Developmental Disabilities.

In September, the grant writers, J.O'Connell & Associates, told officials the
project to upgrade the Mount Pleasant Water and Sanitary Sewer Line would not be
funded because of a technicality in the application submitted for the village in
April. Village officials said the firm had failed to conduct an income survey
that should have been included in the materials submitted.

The 4-inch water line is in frequent disrepair and provides insufficient water
pressure for residential and firefighting purposes. Most of the residential
customers are located on a hilltop.

The group home's private sewer system needs to be replaced, and the state has
pledged $90,000, while the village is expected to contribute another $120,000.
Residents served by the new system would be charged up to $1,000 for sewer taps.

The board released the following statement about the project last week: "The
Cattaraugus County Health Department has identified connection of [a dozen Mount
Pleasant Avenue] households to a public sanitary sewer system as the only
long-term solution to recurrent problems related to failing septic systems and
soil and water contamination."

The Health Department will not approve new septic systems or renew permits in
the neighborhood. Board members, meanwhile, repeated their commitment to the
project and to providing water and sewer to residents.

"After discussing the application with Kenneth Flood, deputy director of the
governor's Office for Small Cities, the village has decided to reapply for the
program year 2006 funding," the statement added.

In addition to the income survey, the new application requirements include
documentation of additional public hearings and meetings and letters of support
from agencies and residents.

The grant application, for an unknown amount of funding, will be prepared for
submission in the state's Shared Municipal Services Incentive Grant Program.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              784 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

An easier mark to hit; Utilities Board lowers threshold of homeowners who must
support project

BYLINE: Trey Mewes, Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 514 words


March 18--Residents living in the Turtle Creek 1 neighborhood west of Interstate
90 and north of Oakland Avenue West have better odds than before to get water
services along with a proposed sewer project that could start this year.

The Austin Utilities Board of Directors voted 5-0 Tuesday to lower its threshold
of property owners who must support a water services project from 90 percent of
the 28 properties to a little more than 60 percent.

Under the new threshold, 17 out of 28 households must support the project by
April 6, when the Austin City Council is set to discuss whether to move forward
with the sewer and water projects. If more than 11 property owners decide to
object to an improved water system, the water project won't move forward.

That appears unlikely, as more than 20 residents packed the board of directors'
meeting room Tuesday.

"We're glad it went through," Beverly Kestner said.

Another resident, Bob Brinkman, said he was pleased to see the project move
forward.

"That's a step in the right direction," he said.

Several Turtle Creek 1 homeowners have tried to get sewer and water access to
the neighborhood, formerly of Austin Township, since 2013.

The council formally approved the annex in late 2013, and work went under way to
hook those residents up to the city's sewer and water grid.

Public Works Director Steven Lang gave a presentation on the Turtle Creek 1
projects last year, showing the sewer hookup would cost about $22,900 per
property for the sewer project, and about $9,500 to install the water main in
the neighborhood. The project could include a potential street paving project
for about $4,600 and a water service hookup for about $1,500, should residents
wish to have that included.

Yet after consulting with Austin Utilities, city officials found the cost to
complete those projects would rise.

City officials secured $461,000 from a Point Source Implementation Grant, as
well as another $98,000 to help bring costs down after project bids came in much
higher than anticipated. Lang told the audience the city had estimated the
projects would cost about $614,000, but the lowest bid cost about $901,000.

Lang told residents last month the increased price tag was due to labor and
rising material costs.

A sewer project will now cost about $17,000 per household, with an additional
$12,000 per household for water.

City staff are also giving Turtle Creek 1 residents a little more leeway when it
comes to hooking up to the city's systems. Residents can either pay the
assessment cost for planned sewer work all at once, over the next 15 years, or
wait to hook up to the sewer system.

The two homes with compliant sewer systems can wait up to five years before
hooking up to the city.

City staff are using an assessment model with Turtle Creek 1 residents rather
than its recently designed sewer access fee charge as the city began working on
the project before the fee was in place.

___ (c)2015 the Austin Daily Herald (Austin, Minn.) Visit the Austin Daily
Herald (Austin, Minn.) at www.austindailyherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150318-1AU-An-easier-mark-to-hit-Utilities-Board-lowers-threshold-of-homeowner
s-who-must-support-project-0318-20150318

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AU


                       Copyright 2015 Austin Daily Herald


                              785 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                           October 13, 2007 Saturday

Preparation key as heating costs rise again

BYLINE: By STEVE SNYDER Staff Writer Lebanon Daily News

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 888 words


With summer having overstayed its welcome in the Lebanon Valley, it's a little
tough to think about the cold of winter.

Homeowners can help themselves by preparing for chilly weather and the dreaded
heating bills it brings.

Although "people are cautious with the money they're spending right now," Bob
Boltz, owner of plumbing and heating dealer Vincent R. Boltz Inc., said he's
received "a lot of inquiries on upgrading equipment."

Most importantly, homeowners should invest in insulation.

"I can't emphasize enough attic insulation and windows," Boltz said. "If you
have a leaky house, it doesn't matter what kind of equipment you have. If you
insulate, it pays forever."

As for equipment, Boltz said innovations continue to improve products.

"Equipment is getting better," Boltz said. "If you look at the history, we have
a lot less problems with new equipment."

On Tuesday, the federal government's Energy Information Administration released
its annual Short-Term Energy and Winter Fuels Outlook.

Although only 7 percent of U.S. households depend on heating oil for winter
fuel, most of them are in the Northeast, where the percentage is 32. The average
household is projected to pay 22 percent more than last winter.

The EIA announced Monday that heating oil is averaging $2.77 a gallon, an
increase of 38 cents from a year ago.

Propane-heated homes account for 5 percent of the national total, with cost
increases varying from 10 percent in the West to 21 percent in the Northeast.

Propane is selling for $2.12 a gallon, up 18 cents from a year ago.

Natural gas is the most popular heating fuel, with 58 percent of U.S. homes
using it and likely to see a price increase of 10 percent from a year ago.

Thirty percent of U.S. homes rely on electricity, though in the Northeast the
figure is 11 percent. Northeast households can expect a 7 percent increase from
last winter.

Anyone can take steps now to help reduce their heating costs.

George Strohm Inc. of Lebanon recently sent a newsletter to customers listing a
variety of suggestions for energy conservation. Among them are:

Wrap your water heater with an insulation blanket and set the temperature at 115
degrees.

Consider replacing a water heater if it's over 10 years old.

Keep vents closed in unused rooms.

Showers use less hot water and fewer gallons than baths.

Clean the lint filter every time the dryer is used.

Close curtains at night.

Close fireplace dampers when not in use.

Make sure outdoor faucets are securely closed before cold weather arrives.

Disconnect hoses from outdoor water connections.

Have your furnace serviced to ensure  maximum efficiency.

Heating-oil customers can lock in a season-long price for heating oil with their
dealers. Another option is setting up a budget plan to spread payments out over
the year, rather than having to pay high monthly bills during heating season.

The commonwealth's Stay Warm Pennsylvania initiative provides the following
additional tips:

Plastic window-covering kits or interior storm-window kits can reduce heat loss.

Replace incandescent bulbs with compact fluorescent bulbs, which are more
energy-efficient and last longer.

Turn off electric appliances when not in use.

Caulk, seal and weather-strip all seams, cracks and openings.

Low-income homeowners can apply for assistance from the Lebanon County Board of
Assistance Office at 625 S. Eighth St. or call 270-3600.

Government and social-service organizations are available to help those who find
themselves in a bind.

The Area Agency on Aging, based at the Lebanon Valley Senior Center, 710 Maple
St., assists residents fill out grant applications for the Low-Income Home
Energy Assistance Program, or LIHEAP.

"We started the Energy Emergency Committee three years ago," said Carol
Levengood of the Area Agency on Aging. "It came about when oil prices went up.
The committee includes several human-service agencies. We provide assistance
with fuel-oil costs. We also try to work with utility companies. Some of the
companies have their own assistance programs."

Income-eligibility limits for LIHEAP are 150 percent above the federal poverty
guidelines, or $15,315 for a single person, $30,975 for a family of four and
$51,855 for a family of eight.

To apply for a LIHEAP grant, residents should visit the county assistance office
or call 270-3600. Callers can give their name and address and have an
application mailed to them. A face-to-face interview is not required.

"We have applications in our office," said Maureen Lewandowski, executive
director of the assistance office. "They can call or come into our office. We're
accepting applications. We've really made a concentrated effort to make sure the
program is publicized. When they hear the income limits, they might think, 'Oh,
I might be eligible.'"

Last year, 3,868 LIHEAP applications were processed and approved, Lewandowski
said.

"That includes the crisis element for someone who is getting his heat turned
off," she said.

Grants are awarded from Nov. 5 through March 21, although Lewandowski said "most
years, the end date is extended."

LIHEAP grants are paid to vendors. Emergency calls receive a response within 48
hours, Lewandowski said, and the maximum benefit is $300.

"The amount of the grant depends on income, household size and the source of
fuel," Lewandowski said.

SteveSnyder@LDNews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday

Washington: MURPHY, BLUMENTHAL, DELAURO, LARSON, COURTNEY, ESTY ANNOUNCE OVER
$800,000 IN USDA FUNDING FOR RENEWABLE ENERGY AND ENERGY EFFICIENCY PROJECTS

LENGTH: 578  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Christopher S. Murphy has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Sens. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) and Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) and U.S.
Reps. John Larson (D-1), Joe Courtney (D-2), Rosa DeLauro (D-3), and Elizabeth
Esty (D-5) announced today that the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) awarded $836,688 to Connecticut rural small businesses and agricultural
producers through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) to help reduce
energy usage and costs in their operations.





 &ldquo;By improving energy efficiency, reducing carbon emissions, and creating
jobs to support energy-saving measures, this funding is a win-win for rural
business owners and agricultural producers across Connecticut. We applaud USDA
for making this wise investment&ndash; a critical step towards a more energy
efficient future in our state,&rdquo; said Murphy, Blumenthal, Larson, Courtney,
DeLauro, and Esty.



 Below are the recipients of the USDA funding:



 RECIPIENT





 TOWN





 GRANT





 PROJECT DESCRIPTION



 BEAUMONT, ALBERT  W BEAUMONT FARM





 WALLINGFORD





 $49,900





 To install a hot water boiler designed for maximum heat recovery and efficiency
and will supply 81% of the heating needs for three greenhouses, equivalent to
91.03 households.



 BOTTICELLO FARMS, LLC





 MANCHESTER





 $49,950





 To install a 60 kW roof mounted solar PV system which will replace 97% of their
electricity at the farming operations, equivalent to 6.99 households.



 BUTTON, DUANE BUTTONWOOD FARMS





 GRISWOLD





 $48,825





 To install a 63 kW roof mounted solar PV system which will replace 100% of
their electrical needs which is equivalent to 7.31 households.



 ENERGY STREAM, LLC





 PUTNAM





 $95,000





 To renovate and upgrade major components of an existing Hydroelectric system.
The upgrade will make more efficient use of existing water resources. Amount of
energy produced will amount to 1,363,000 kW's equivalent to 125.77 households.



 FREUNDS FARMS





 EAST CANAAN





 $156,408





 To purchase and install a 223 kW roof mount solar PV system, which will replace
100% of their electricity at the farming operations equivalent to 25 households.




 LOGEES GREENHOUSES LTD





 DANIELSON





 $49,588





 To purchase and install a 48 kW room mounted solar PV system that will offset
45% of their farming operational needs equivalent to 4.49 households



 OAKRIDGE FARMS





 ELLINGTON





 $192,561





 To install a 246 kW roof mount solar PV system that will generate 304,617 kW
annually which will offset 75% of their annual electrical usage, equivalent to
28.11 households.



 SUN GOLD STABLES, LLC





 BETHANY





 $25,481





 To install a 24.85 kW roof mounted solar PV system, which will replace 100% of
their current electrical needs, equivalent to 2.73 households.



 THE FOOD CYCLE, LLC





 KENT





 $28,936





 To install a 27.55 kW roof mount solar PV system, which will meet 58.5% of the
farm&rsquo;s operation equivalent to 3.08 households.



 WHITE FLOWER FARM, INC.





 TORRINGTON





 $140,039





 To provide refrigeration upgrade, LED lighting upgrade; Gas fired heating
units, HVAC replacements and Variable Frequency drives on a water heat pump to
the greenhouses.  The estimate of energy saved is 729,669 kw's equivalent to
67.33 households.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: MURPHY, BLUMENTHAL, DELAURO, LARSON, COURTNEY, ESTY ANNOUNCE OVER
$800,000 IN USDA FUNDING FOR RENEWABLE ENERGY AND ENERGY EFFICIENCY PROJECTS

LENGTH: 578  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Christopher S. Murphy has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Sens. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) and Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) and U.S.
Reps. John Larson (D-1), Joe Courtney (D-2), Rosa DeLauro (D-3), and Elizabeth
Esty (D-5) announced today that the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) awarded $836,688 to Connecticut rural small businesses and agricultural
producers through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) to help reduce
energy usage and costs in their operations.





 &ldquo;By improving energy efficiency, reducing carbon emissions, and creating
jobs to support energy-saving measures, this funding is a win-win for rural
business owners and agricultural producers across Connecticut. We applaud USDA
for making this wise investment&ndash; a critical step towards a more energy
efficient future in our state,&rdquo; said Murphy, Blumenthal, Larson, Courtney,
DeLauro, and Esty.



 Below are the recipients of the USDA funding:



 RECIPIENT





 TOWN





 GRANT





 PROJECT DESCRIPTION



 BEAUMONT, ALBERT  W BEAUMONT FARM





 WALLINGFORD





 $49,900





 To install a hot water boiler designed for maximum heat recovery and efficiency
and will supply 81% of the heating needs for three greenhouses, equivalent to
91.03 households.



 BOTTICELLO FARMS, LLC





 MANCHESTER





 $49,950





 To install a 60 kW roof mounted solar PV system which will replace 97% of their
electricity at the farming operations, equivalent to 6.99 households.



 BUTTON, DUANE BUTTONWOOD FARMS





 GRISWOLD





 $48,825





 To install a 63 kW roof mounted solar PV system which will replace 100% of
their electrical needs which is equivalent to 7.31 households.



 ENERGY STREAM, LLC





 PUTNAM





 $95,000





 To renovate and upgrade major components of an existing Hydroelectric system.
The upgrade will make more efficient use of existing water resources. Amount of
energy produced will amount to 1,363,000 kW's equivalent to 125.77 households.



 FREUNDS FARMS





 EAST CANAAN





 $156,408





 To purchase and install a 223 kW roof mount solar PV system, which will replace
100% of their electricity at the farming operations equivalent to 25 households.




 LOGEES GREENHOUSES LTD





 DANIELSON





 $49,588





 To purchase and install a 48 kW room mounted solar PV system that will offset
45% of their farming operational needs equivalent to 4.49 households



 OAKRIDGE FARMS





 ELLINGTON





 $192,561





 To install a 246 kW roof mount solar PV system that will generate 304,617 kW
annually which will offset 75% of their annual electrical usage, equivalent to
28.11 households.



 SUN GOLD STABLES, LLC





 BETHANY





 $25,481





 To install a 24.85 kW roof mounted solar PV system, which will replace 100% of
their current electrical needs, equivalent to 2.73 households.



 THE FOOD CYCLE, LLC





 KENT





 $28,936





 To install a 27.55 kW roof mount solar PV system, which will meet 58.5% of the
farm&rsquo;s operation equivalent to 3.08 households.



 WHITE FLOWER FARM, INC.





 TORRINGTON





 $140,039





 To provide refrigeration upgrade, LED lighting upgrade; Gas fired heating
units, HVAC replacements and Variable Frequency drives on a water heat pump to
the greenhouses.  The estimate of energy saved is 729,669 kw's equivalent to
67.33 households.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                 February 21, 2002 Thursday, RT. 9 WEST EDITION

U.S. aid will cut sewer cost 40%

BYLINE: Betty Lilyestrom; CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 253 words

DATELINE: LEICESTER



- The Leicester Water Supply District has been awarded $540,000 in a U.S.
Department of Agriculture grant and loan that will significantly decrease the
cost of sewer installation for residents of Mannville Street.

The district received notice last week that it has been awarded a $330,000 Rural
Utilities Service loan and a $210,000 Rural Utilities Service grant for the
expansion of its sewer collection system along Mannville Street. The awards were
made under the Agriculture Department's Rural Development Program.

The district membership approved the sewer project, now under construction, and
authorized the borrowing of $540,000 on April 30, 2001.

Frank W. Lyon, water district superintendent, said the federal money will lower
residents' cost of sewers by about 40 percent.

''We won't know for certain how much until the project is completed, but we
expect the cost will be lowered to around $14,000 or $15,000 per household,''
Mr. Lyon said.

Completion of the project is expected by July.

This is the fifth project for which the district has sought federal funding and
has been approved. Previously funded projects were located on Deer Pond Drive;
Rawson Street, Breezy Green Road, Rogers Road and Holcomb Street; Waite, Chapel
and Mulberry streets and Massasoit Drive; and Paxton Street and Lake Sargent
Drive.

Mr. Lyon said the Rural Development Program traditionally has given preference
in awards to projects where districts have already committed their own money.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2002 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              789 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           February 25, 1993 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

GOVT CAGEY ON RIVER LEVY

BYLINE: ELIZABETH JURMAN

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 328 words


The State Government announced yesterday it would set up a trust to help fix the
troubled Hawkesbury-Nepean river system.

However, the Government could not say whether the trust would be funded by a
controversial levy on 1.1 million households.

A confidential report by the Hawkesbury-Nepean Task Force, which has been
obtained by the Herald, recommended in July that a trust be set up and funded by
a levy imposed on the 1.1 million households in the river's catchment area and a
$3.5 million grant.

But a spokesman for the Minister for Conservation and Land Management, Mr West,
could neither confirm nor deny yesterday that the trust would be funded by a
levy.

Last October, the Herald revealed that the imposition of a levy - which the
Opposition claimed could be as high as $80 - was one of the report's
recommendations.

The Governor, Rear-Admiral Peter Sinclair, said in his speech opening the third
session of the 50th Parliament yesterday that the Government would set up a
trust to deal with the river's serious problems .

"My Government will also establish a trust to address problems in the
Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, drawing together expertise within the community and
the Government," he said.

A spokesman for the Opposition Leader, Mr Carr, called on Mr West to explain how
the trust would be funded, and said the imposition of a levy would have to be
justified.

"While the Government is siphoning $200 million - which approximates the
environment levy for the last two years - out of the Water Board, it is
outrageous that Mr West refuses to rule out a levy," he said.

He said the trust was not tough enough to solve the problems of the
Hawkesbury-Nepean because it did not have the force of a statutory authority.

A spokesman for CHANGE (Coalition of Hawkesbury and Nepean Groups for the
Environment), Dr David Hughes, called on the Government yesterday to take urgent
action to establish the trust. "It is needed now, it was needed at least 10
years ago," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1993 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Liverpool Leader (Australia)

                          February 25, 2009 Wednesday
                                 1 - MB Edition

Growing up green: Pre-schoolers learn the fruits of their labour

BYLINE: Helena Sivric

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 64

LENGTH: 803  words


WARWICK Farm Children's Centre vegetable garden is flourishing.

The garden first sprung to life when a child at the centre, which caters for
children up to the age of six, wanted to know how seeds grew.

And since then the centre's little green thumbs are learning to be eco-friendly
and have helped plant a vegetable garden with tomatoes, cucumbers, broccoli,
corn, capsicum, potatoes and zucchinis.

Fresh fruit is also growing at the centre including oranges, pineapple,
watermelon, strawberries and mangos.

Centre director Sukhwinder Gosal said the teachers recognised an opportunity to
create a garden to promote healthy living and environmental awareness among the
children.

``The children love taking care of the garden and watching the seeds grow,'' Mrs
Gosal said.

``The garden is teaching them not only about the environment but about healthy
eating.

``The children are also involved in what we plant as we're asking them what they
would like to grow in the garden.''

Meal times at the centre are greeted with a hearty appetite as the garden's
produce is ending up on the children's plates at meal times in vegetable bakes,
fresh salads and fruit platters, Mrs Gosal said.

``Our last watermelon weighed about 2.9kg and the children were very excited
about it.''

Liverpool Mayor Wendy Waller said the environmental initiatives taught at
council's childcare centres went beyond the basic reading and writing skills.

``Children are taught how to care for their environment using simple and fun
activities,'' Cr Waller said.

``At the same time, children are exposed to ideas of healthy living by getting
to see and taste the fruits of their own labour.

``The environmental message is often one that children take home, so the added
benefit is that families are learning how to incorporate some of the ideas from
the centre in their own lives, which has huge benefits for our community.''

The centre is also promoting water recycling by encouraging children to put left
over water from throughout the day in a bucket which is later used in the
garden, Mrs Gosal said.

``The big plan is to get a water tank and a compost bin will be set up where all
our food scraps will go followed by a worm farm,'' she said.

``We also re-harvest all of our seeds and we want to be green as possible.''

LEADING LIGHTS

Change the bulbs now

THE NATIONAL ban on incandescent light bulbs is due to start in November. But
Energy Australia is encouraging households to replace the old-style bulbs with
energy-efficient compact fluorescent light bulbs as soon as possible. Making the
switch uses 80 per cent less energy.

Eco-friendly grants

THE State Government is offering grants to community groups and charities for
eco-friendly initiatives. The program provides funding for projects that
demonstrate water and energy savings in public facilities such as sporting
grounds, schools and community halls. Details: www.environment.nsw.gov.au

Get pumped on water

The RWP Rainwater Pump Systems provide automatic switching between the mains
water supply and tank water. RWP systems can be installed from domestic housing
to schools and community halls. Details: www.capindustries.com.au

Carbon neutral plan

HOUSING NSW hopes to become carbon neutral by 2020. A $6.2 million grant will
help install solar panels in common lighting areas in housing complexes. More
than 12,000 solar hot water heaters will be installed by 2012, cutting green
house emissions by 33,000 tonnes per year.

LOCAL HEROES

Clean up day call up

LIVERPOOL Council is encouraging residents to play a part in sustaining
Liverpool and join Clean Up Australia Day on Sunday. Individuals and local
groups can either organise a clean up site or join an existing site.
Participants are encouraged to bring sunscreen, a bottle of water and wear a hat
and closed in shoes. Details: 1300 362 170.

Phone recycling offer

Credit Union Australia (CUA) Liverpool branch is getting behind Clean Up
Australia Day by offering a temporary mobile telephone recycling service through
all CUA branches. Phones can be dropped off at Shop 2094, Westfield Liverpool,
Macquarie St, at Liverpool. Details: www.cuaday.com.au or call 133 282.

Waste centre opening

SITA Environmental Solutions will open its new Advanced Waste Treatment facility
at Kemps Creek on March 25. The $40 million plant will reduce western Sydney's
carbon footprint with 134,000 tonnes of waste processed and 70 per cent diverted
from landfill.

IT'S A FACT

Waste not, want not

Up to 40 per cent of household waste can be composted, including food scraps,
garden cuttings, paper and cardboard.

Driving up emissions

Car engines are least efficient while warming up and in urban traffic, so short
trips are relatively more polluting.

Maximum capacity

A half-filled dishwasher uses the same amount of energy as a full load, so fill
it to capacity before each wash cycle.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LLG


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                              March 3, 2017 Friday

Water charges and the new politics

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 911 words


Sir, - Anyone who thinks that Fianna Fáil has learned from its mistakes should
listen to its argument that any European fines are a long way off, implying that
we don't need to plan for the future, especially if popular opinion dictates
otherwise. - Yours, etc,

MARGARET LEE,

Newport,

Co Tipperary.

Sir, - Good old Fine Gael. It couldn't never pass a sleeping dog without giving
it a kick. Good to see Simon Coveney and Leo Varadkar keeping up the party
tradition. - Yours, etc,

ANNE NUGENT,

Dublin 8.

Sir, - Sarah Bardon's analysis on the likely fate of water charges ("Will water
charges return or will I get my money back?", February 28th) raises an alarming
prospect with regard to the treatment of those who have paid their bills versus
those who have not. This matter was specifically provided for in the "confidence
and supply" arrangement entered into between Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil following
last year's election when, in return for Fianna Fail support for a minority
government, it was agreed that "those who have paid their water bills to date
will be treated no less favourably than those who have not".

Against this background, the vista, set out in the article, of those who paid
bills having their refunds reduced to recoup the EUR 100 conservation grant,
with those who did not pay charges not being pursued for recoupment of the
grant, seems not only anomalous and unfair but totally irrational.

Many at the time questioned the logic of paying the conservation grant to those
who refused to pay water charges, a grant that appeared to have been introduced
in the hope of making water charges more palatable.

Whatever about the rationale for the grant, any proposal to recoup it from those
who - in compliance with the law - paid their due charges, while not doing so in
the case of those who refused to pay, serves only to punish the compliant and
reward the lawbreakers. - Yours, etc,

TIM O' LEARY,

Cabinteely,

Dublin 18.

Sir, - With the effective abolition of domestic water charges, we hear
frequently from some voices the expectation that Irish Water will soon disappear
too.

Consumption-based domestic water charges might have been a novelty in Ireland,
but the charging of supply to businesses has been standard for decades.
Nevertheless it appears to be news to many in front-line politics that Irish
Water was established to take on all of the nation's businesses and commercial
entities as customers, as well as domestic households.

While domestic charging was a green-field business that allowed a universal
approach from the start, the commercial side would involve taking on existing
customers from local authorities, with many different pre-agreed rates, terms
and conditions. Some authorities had actually outsourced this activity to
third-party private companies.

The complexity of integrating these legacy agreements into a single system must
be considerable, and we can be thankful that a national utility has the
opportunity, over time, to bring standardisation and transparency to the area,
as well as being able to maintain and enhance supply in an holistic way.

Regardless of domestic charges, excessive use penalties, household allowances or
refunds, Irish Water seems to be here to stay. - Yours, etc,

JOHN THOMPSON,

Phibsboro,

Dublin 7.

Sir, - Fianna Fáil needs to get real. A hard Brexit threatens the jobs of
thousands of our citizens, and to avoid catastrophe we need every bit of
goodwill we can get in Europe. This is decidedly not the time to cock a snook at
EU institutions and laws to which we freely signed up. - Yours, etc,

BRENDAN BURKE,

Malahide, Co Dublin.

A chara, - The majority of TDs who were democratically elected to Leinster House
stood on a platform that included the abolition of water charges, and an
Oireachtas committee on the future of water funding now appears set to hammer
the final nail into the coffin of the water charges fiasco.

Yet Minister for Agriculture, Food and the Marine Simon Coveney has already
declared that, despite the overwhelming tide of democracy against him, he will
not legislate to bring about the abolition of water charges. Instead he has
lazily labelled the push to abolish the charges as "populist", as if he sees
abiding by the democratic will of the people as something to be derided.

The problem is not that our elected politicians are standing by the democratic
mandate that was given to them by the people. The problem is the arrogant,
ideological obstinacy of Mr Coveney and his ilk, who think that they are somehow
noble in imposing their minority agenda on the majority of the people.

At some point however, this stance ceases to be an ideological one and
surreptitiously slips into tyranny. We must not let the will of the elite few
dictate the lives of the ordinary majority. That is not a "populist" stance,
that is democracy. - Is mise,

SIMON O'CONNOR,

Crumlin,

Dublin 12.

Sir, - Arguments over water charges are nothing new. Dubliners were paying for
piped water as early as the 13th century, when their levies were collected by
contractors appointed by the city assembly. Four hundred years later, they were
still paying. The Dublin city pipe water accounts for 1680 record 303 entries,
most for domestic use. The annual charge was £1, while brewers and distillers
paid from £2 to £6. As the city grew, so did the piped water supply. By 1706,
there were 782 homes turning on their taps. And they were still paying for the
privilege. - Yours, etc,

MARIE GALLAGHER,

Blackrock,

Co Dublin.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                          November 30, 2016 Wednesday

UK Intellectual Property Office grants trade mark "urban garden" to WU, Hong Ji

LENGTH: 213 words

DATELINE: New York



 London:  WU, Hong Ji, has been granted trademark (UK00003196436) titled as
"urban garden" from the UK Intellectual Property Office.





  Status: Registered



 Class/es:    Class 11

     Irrigation sprinklers;Agricultural irrigation units;Irrigation spray
nozzles;Sprinkler apparatus [automatic] for horticultural irrigation;Drip
irrigation emitters [irrigation fittings];Sprinkler systems for
irrigation;Irrigation apparatus for horticultural use;Faucet sprayers;Sprayers
[automatic installations] for watering;Sprinkler systems for irrigation;Solar
heating installations;Solar collectors for heating;Solar powered ventilation
apparatus;Solar lamps;Water supply apparatus;Apparatus for filtering water.

 Class 21

     Flower pot holders;Glass pots;Plastic lids for plant pots;Plant
pots;Earthen pots;Pots;Compost containers for household use;All-purpose portable
household containers;Food storage containers;Containers for household
use;Gardening gloves;Sprayers for attachment to garden hoses;Sprayer nozzles for
garden hoses;Sprinklers;Nozzles for sprinkler hose.



 Filing Date:   12 November 2016



 Date of registration: 25 November 2016



 Representative name:  N/A



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 996 DOCUMENTS


               The Valley News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 29, 2015 Wednesday

Leechburg breaks ground to finish sewer separation

BYLINE: Tom Yerace, The Valley News-Dispatch, Tarentum, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 608 words


April 29--By June 2016, the angst about separating Leechburg's sewer systems and
paying for it will be a memory.

On Tuesday, borough, county and state officials were on hand to ceremonially
break ground for the $11 million project. It is being financed by a $6.7 million
PennVEST grant and a $4.3 million loan from that agency.

According to Ben Bothell of Senate Engineers, the borough's engineer, actual
construction by the contractor, Monzo Construction, won't begin until late May
or early June.

"The PennVEST closing is set for May 20, and the project is not allowed to start
until that happens," Bothell said.

The project must be completed within a year.

The project involves installing 35,000 feet of pipe to separate the borough's
storm and sanitary sewers throughout 60 percent of the community.

The other 40 percent had been done around 2006 through a $2.4 million loan the
borough incurred.

That project was centered on Second Street through the middle of the borough,
according to Bothell. This one will take up where that one left off and work
toward the borough line on both sides.

He said the business district is included in the project but did not know when
the construction will start there since the contractor sets the construction
schedule.

"Everybody in the borough knows about it," Bothell said. "There were a lot of
questions, and we did our best to answer them."

The project is needed to comply with an edict by the federal Environmental
Protection Agency and the state's Department of Environmental Protection
requiring communities to separate their storm and sanitary sewers to comply with
the federal Clean Water Act of 1972.

Combined systems result in rainwater -- which needs no chemical treatment -- to
flow into sanitary sewer treatment plants along with household sewage.

During heavy rain, stormwater can increase greatly and become too much for
treatment plants to handle.

As a result, the combination of rain and sewage overruns the treatment plant and
flows into rivers and streams -- carrying raw sewage with them.

"We are going to eliminate about eight sewage overflow (sources) with the
project so we are also cleaning up our streams," Bothell said.

That was something state Sen. Don White, who sits on the PennVEST board and was
present Tuesday, noted.

In addition, White, R-Indiana, said while this project won't result in a $10
million building in the middle of town, "What you do have is: one, a way to get
the DEP off your back and two, a way to do it at an affordable price."

White was on hand along with state Rep. Joe Petrarca, D-Washington Township,
PennVEST executive director Paul Marchetti and Larry Gasparato of PennVEST, who
administers funding for projects throughout southwestern Pennsylvania, the
Armstrong County Commissioners and borough officials.

Several people noted the importance of impact fees from the Marcellus shale
natural gas industry, which pumps $27 million into PennVEST, according to White.

"Every household in this town using this system will save about $250 a year
because of that," Marchetti said.

Gasparato said that before the infusion of the Marcellus money, PennVEST's
entire grants budget was less than the $6 million grant Leechburg is getting.

White doubted if the project could have been done without it.

"These are the kinds of projects that you don't get a lot of sizzle out of,"
White said, "but they are essential."

Tom Yerace is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
724-226-4675 or tyerace@tribweb.com

___ (c)2015 The Valley News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pa.) Visit The Valley
News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pa.) at www.triblive.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150429-TV-Leechburg-breaks-ground-to-finish-sewer-separation-0429-20150429

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TV


                    Copyright 2015 The Valley News-Dispatch


                              794 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily News (South Africa)

                             June 26, 2012 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

Houses have taps and toilets - but no water

BYLINE:  Michael Mpofu

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 534 words


SEVERAL housing projects in the Eastern Cape have taps and toilets, but no
water, because the bulk infrastructure to pipe water and sewage to and from the
houses has never been installed.

The Department of Human Settlements has blamed a lack of infrastructure,
incompetent contractors and budgetary constraints for the delay in completing
the projects - which appear set to take years - and says a total of R796 million
is needed, although it has only just over R62m for the next few years.

Minister of Human Settlements Tokyo Sexwale - who was responding in writing to a
parliamentary question - said not only were the funds for the RDP projects "not
sufficient to provide the bulk services required", but the installation of
sewage systems could not begin if the bulk infrastructure was not available.

Projects in municipalities such as Sakhisizwe, Lukhanji, Engcobo and Intsika
Yethu in the Chris Hani District of the Eastern Cape were without sanitation
services.

In Lukhanji, New Rathwick, R676m was needed, but only R15m had been budgeted
until 2014. Cala building projects in Sakhisizwe needed R62m to install
infrastructure, while only R11.2m was available until 2014. A total of R8m was
needed in Tsomo, Intsika Yethu, but a mere R4.4m had been budgeted until 2014.
While the R30m required in Engcobo was available, construction had not taken
place due to the lack of bulk infrastructure.

According to the department, the Cala and Eliot projects had fallen behind
because of "poor performance of established contractors", who had been fired.
Emerging contractors were appointed for the third time.

Further delays were experienced because of the slow finalisation of service
level agreements and "inclement weather conditions", said Sexwale.

He added that the "termination of some emerging/local contractors and the
re-appointment of new (ones) is also affecting the progress".

In Brakkloof, three contractors had been appointed to build houses and
ventilation improved pit (VIP) toilets. Each contractor had a target of between
90 and 100 houses.

Two contractors had been able to finish their projects and one had not completed
40 VIP toilets due to "cash flow problems", which had also prevented contractors
in Zola, Xuma and Toisekraal from completing their tasks.

DA human settlements spokesman Stevens Mokgalapa said the state of the projects
was "unacceptable". He had seen the extent of the poor delivery when he paid an
oversight visit to the Eastern Cape.

"There is a lack of basic services. There is no sanitation. In some instances,
they are still using the bucket system," he added.

Mokgalapa said funds were available, but "the municipalities don't use it for
the right purposes, (while) the backlog escalates".

He said special funding for informal and rural settlements such as the Urban
Development Grant and the Rural Household Infrastructure Grant had been made
available specifically for the improvement of sanitation infrastructure in such
areas.

Mokgalapa said R257m had been made available under these grants last year, but
the province had used only 20 percent of its allocation, "while the backlog in
sanitation stands at around 2.4 million (households) nationally".

michael.mpofu@inl.co.za

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ND


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            March 11, 2017 Saturday

UK Intellectual Property Office grants trade mark "DREAM. SHOP. EXPERIENCE." to
Kohler Co.

LENGTH: 301 words

DATELINE: New York



 London:  Kohler Co., has been granted trademark (UK00003215894) titled as
"DREAM. SHOP. EXPERIENCE." from the UK Intellectual Property Office.





  Status: Registered

   Class 11

     Apparatus for lighting, heating, steam generating, cooking, refrigerating,
drying, ventilating, water supply and sanitary purposes; baths, bathtubs,
whirlpool baths and bath installations; showers and shower installations; shower
and bath cubicles; shower pans; shower heads; shower doors; water conduits
installations; shower spray heads; wash basins (parts of sanitary
installations); bidets; lavatories; toilets; toilet bowls; toilet seats;
automatic toilets; automatic flushing installations; water closets; lights; dome
lights; dome lights for furniture; electric lighting apparatus; lighting
fixtures; sinks; pedestal bathroom sinks; water taps; faucets; automatic
faucets; thermostatically, infrared, radar or electronically controlled water
faucets; electric hand dryers; strainers for use with sinks, baths and shower
trays; hand drying apparatus; bath spouts; water control valves for water
cisterns; water control valves; water control valves for faucets; urinals; water
cisterns; bath fittings; drinking fountains; sauna apparatus; non-metallic
levers for cisterns; sanitary apparatus and installations; water supply
apparatus and sanitary ware; parts and fittings for all of the aforesaid goods.

 Class 35

     Retail store services for plumbing fixtures and fittings, office supplies,
luggage and carrying bags, household utensils and containers, household linen
and towels, and clothing.

 Class/es:



 Filing Date:  1 March 2017



 Date of registration: 10 March 2017



 Representative name:  Dehns



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

Port Royal faces key water decision

BYLINE: Robyn Sidersky, The Free Lance-Star, Fredericksburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 546 words


Nov. 17--Port Royal officials are facing a monumental decision Tuesday: what to
do with the future of the town's water system.

Essentially, the town has two choices: sell the system to Aqua Virginia for
$5,000 and wash its hands of the problem, or seek loans and grants to fix the
outdated system.

The water system is decades old and the earthquake in 2011 didn't help--the
pipes are in need of repair and the aerial water tower is in need of
replacement.

The system has faced financial issues for years. Until about 20 years ago, the
town's residents were not charged for using the water.

Then, when they were charged, it was a low rate and not enough money was put
away for improvements.

Mayor Nancy Long made a presentation in a town hall-style meeting last week
explaining the town's predicament to its residents. About 15 people turned out,
in addition to the town officials.

Long said that the solution the town comes up with must go beyond a short-term
fix and look at the long term. She said any solution must be fiscally sound and
the system must be self-sustaining.

She outlined the pros and cons of privatization and keeping the water system
under town ownership.

If the town sold the system to Aqua Virginia, the water tower and tank would be
replaced with a ground-level system and Aqua would start a long-term project to
gradually replace the town's decaying water lines.

It could be a faster process than going with loans and grants, would be managed
by professionals and the town would not incur a debt.

Essentially, it would take the responsibility off the town's shoulders. Also,
because there would not be one set rate for billing, residents would have more
control over their individual bills because it would be based on usage, instead
of a flat rate.

However, the town would turn over control of everything to do with the water
system, from billing to rates to customer service. Aqua manages thousands of
customers in Virginia, including many in Caroline County.

The town also has explored two options for the loans and grants option.

While it could be more complicated, the town would keep control of the system.

If the town chooses this option, issues that are usually weaknesses--small size
and low median household income--would actually be the town's strengths.

The Virginia Department of Health and U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development have both shown options to the town that involve grants and loans.

If the town meets the eligibility requirements for each of the programs, it may
be eligible for grants and loans.

Rural development also offers grants that the town could use to pay for a
professional engineering and environmental study. This would help the town
determine what it needs sooner and where the issues lie, and would be the most
up-to-date data.

The different options would affect billing, and water bills will likely go up no
matter what.

The attendees at the meeting were pretty clear that Aqua would not be their
first choice.

The Town Council is expected to vote Tuesday at its meeting in Town Hall at 7
p.m.

Robyn Sidersky 540/374-5413

rsidersky@freelancestar.com

___ (c)2014 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Va.) Visit The Free Lance-Star
(Fredericksburg, Va.) at www.fredericksburg.com/flshome Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141117-FB-Port-Royal-faces-key-water-decision-1117-20141117

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FB


                       Copyright 2014 The Free Lance-Star


                              797 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                            March 19, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Water upgrades forced

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 495  words

DATELINE: NELSON


Dozens of residents in the central Kootenay region say they're facing hefty
fines and even possible imprisonment in a dispute with the regional district
over paying for water system upgrades.

The Interior Health Authority has ordered upgrades to a water system servicing
55 households in South Slocan.

The residents have one year to upgrade their water system to two levels of
filtration from their current unfiltered system, or face a hefty fine of
$200,000 per day or jail time.

However, the upgrade could cost each household over $1,000 per year for the next
25 years - an increase of more than $700 a year.

The order delivered Jan. 20 stems from the 2003 Drinking Water Protection Act
the province instituted, requiring all water systems to meet safe drinking water
status.

The upgrade is a hit the families can ill afford, said South Slocan resident
Errol Hicks. Hicks said the area is populated predominately by retirees and
young families.

The Regional District of Central Kootenay has told rate payers they'll have to
pay because they're the only ones that use the water system. "The IHA has no
conscience about the costs they impose, and it's certainly raised some anxiety
amongst the people out here," Hicks said.

But Serge Zibin, senior drinking water officer with the Interior Health
Authority in Nelson, said the legislation is the result of public consultation,
and it's what the public expected.

"They wanted safe drinking water," he said. "The Village of South Slocan, or the
South Slocan specified area, is not providing safe, potable water, and that's
the gist of it."

He said the current water system is considered surface water, and has a long
history of showing E. coli and total coliform bacteria in the water supply.

The coliform indicates that organisms or contamination are getting into the
water. E coli is a measurement of fecal matter in the drinking water, said
Zibin.

"This water system has been on a permanent boil water advisory since 1994," he
said.

Hicks insists there has never been a record of illness linked to the water
system.

"Yet now we are in the crosshairs," he said.

The new filtration system would upgrade underground pipes from the springs,
pulling the water into a filtration box where it is monitored for coliform.
Chlorine is then added as it is put into a storage tank.

No one system will ensure the safe treatment of that water supply, said Zibin.

"To ensure the potability and safety of that water they do need a combination of
treatments," he said.

The deadline to have the system installed is March 31, 2010, when a grant for
the upgrade will expire. The order issued to the regional district by the health
authority also ends on that date.

The upgrade work has been put out to tender and no final cost is yet available.

The residents have started a petition to send to the province to protest the way
the health authority has handled the matter and say they will appear at an
upcoming regional district meeting to voice their concerns.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            February 06, 2009 Friday
                                   e1 Edition

City called to task on water devices

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 390 words


By FRANCIS HWESHE |and SIPOKAZI MAPOSA

Staff Reporters

The Western Cape Water Caucus has accused the City of Cape Town of
unconstitutional practices over its installation of water demand management
devices that control water supplies to indigent communities across the
Peninsula.

In a submission to Parliament this week, the caucus asked its water affairs
portfolio committee to reconsider the use of these devices, which deny poor
households the right to basic free water for more than two weeks.

An amount of 25 litres of water per person per day or 6Kl per household per
month is guaranteed for all households as required by the national policy, the
caucus said.

The water devices in question are installed in conventional water meters and cut
off water when bills are not paid.

Alternatively, the caucus called for systems to be set up which allowed people
to become more responsible for harvesting and saving water in their communities.

The device "is akin to the now defunct prepaid meter ruled by the court as
illegal and unconstitutional in the Phiri community versus City of Johannesburg
case in 2008", it said.

The caucus said installation of the devices started as a pilot project, but was
now being rolled out without consultation in communities such as Tafelsig,
Freedom Park, Delft, New Crossroads, Wesbank and Atlantis. Over 30 000 devices
had been installed, it said.

Lance Veotte, community worker and National Union of Mineworkers shop steward,
said families in the Kuils River area had gone without water for up to four
months, creating a "breeding ground" for health problems.

The committee said claims by community members were cause for concern and it
called on the city authorities to explain.

Clive Justus, mayoral committee member for utilities and services, has defended
the devices as constitutional and flexible and said they were not forced on
people.

Every household received 6 000l of water free, but if they earned below R2 880
they got an indigent grant of R30 which translated to 4 000 more litres of water
a month, Justus said.

As a result, indigent families received 10 000l of free water per month. If that
amount was not enough, they could top up, paying R10 for a further 2 000l.

If households agreed to the installation of the devices, their arrears were
written off. Justus said over R50 000 000 had been written off.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Eastern Suburbs Reporter (Perth, Australia)

                            August 10, 2010 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Cost of water flows past our politicians

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 295  words


FEDERAL politicians and even a former Prime Minister have spent time in WA for
quick and fractured conversations with locals about the issues affecting
residents in the lead-up to the August 21 election.

But shaking shoppers hands or quick visits to schools are primarily orchestrated
events for politicians hoping to have their faces beamed into lounge rooms
during the evening news.

If Canberras politicians were to stop and really listen, they would learn how
tough West Australians find the rising cost of water bills and would set
policies to make a difference at a household level.

Having water tanks plumbed into our washing machines and toilets would
drastically reduce water bills.

The present Government does provide rebates of up to $500 for households to
install rainwater tanks or grey-water systems but, sadly, that is nowhere near
enough to convince most families to take the plunge with their own money.

The rebate reduces the price of the tank, but having it plumbed in is the most
expensive and complicated bit.

Tony Abbotts water-conservation strategy includes introducing targets and
national standards for capturing stormwater, as well as grants for schools and
local governments, but it says nothing about the costs to individuals of storing
rainwater.

In announcing Labors climate-change policy, Julia Gillard said her party would
make positive changes where we live, where we work and when we travel. She said
much about carbon reduction, but little about water and nothing about cash
breaks for households.

An informed Federal politician wanting to woo the West Australian vote would do
well to promote a policy that would allow the majority especially those in
greatest need to do their bit for the environment.

Affordable water tanks would be a great start.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CES


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 10, 2016 Thursday

USPTO grants trade mark "Q JITON" to QL HEAT ENERGY US LLC LIMITED LIABILITY
COMPANY (Florida)

LENGTH: 353 words

DATELINE: New York


Alexandria: QL HEAT ENERGY US LLC LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY (Florida), has been
granted trademark (5077521) titled as "Q JITON" from the United States Patent
and Trademark Office.



Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 011. US 013 021 023 031 034. G & S: Boilers for heating
installations; Circulators in the nature of water heaters; Electric boilers;
Electric heaters for commercial use; Electric space heaters; Electrical boilers;
Filters, heaters and pumps sold in combination for use in commercial use;
Filters, heaters and pumps sold in combination for use in swimming pool;
Filters, heaters and pumps sold in combination for use in household; Filters,
heaters and pumps sold in combination for use in hot tubs; Filters, heaters and
pumps sold in combination for use in swimming pools; Furnace boilers; Gas fired
water heaters; Gas water heater for bathtub consisting of circulation pump with
thermostat to fill, re-heat water and keep water warm; Gas water heaters; Gas
water heaters; Heating boilers; Heating systems for residential and commercial
buildings comprised of boilers, valves, pipes, manifolds, control panel
switches, and electrical wire, all sold as a unit; Heating systems for
residential and commercial buildings comprised of boilers, valves, pipes,
manifolds, solar panels, control panel, switches and electrical wire, all sold
as a unit; Heating systems for residential and commercial buildings comprised of
biomass burners, boilers, valves, pipes, manifolds, solar panels, control
panels, switches and electrical wire, all sold as a unit; Hot water heaters;
Hybrid water heater; Ignition systems comprised of a gas supply tube with a
nozzle and an electrical igniter to create a flame at the nozzle for industrial
applications, namely, for igniting waste gases being discharged from industrial
stacks and for igniting gas-fired boilers; Industrial boilers; Tankless water
heaters; Water heaters; Water heaters for household use; Water heaters for
commercial use. FIRST USE: 20140315. FIRST USE IN COMMERCE: 20140315

Filing Date: April 1, 2016

Date of registration: 08-11-2016

First Use in Commerce: 15-03-2014


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

Mayor anounces ambitious plan for water supply in Kolkata

BYLINE: Saikat Ray

SECTION: KOLKATA

LENGTH: 413 words


KOLKATA: Twelve years ago a Trinamool Congress run Kolkata Municipal Corporation
board had tried in vain to impose water tariff in city as the party chief Mamata
Banerjee did not endorse the proposal mooted by the Asian Development Bank in
lieu of its Rs 1800 crore loan to refurbish city's drainage and water supply
system. What former mayor Subrata Mukherjee could not do (introduction of water
tax) in 2004 under pressure from the Trinamool supremo, his successor Sovan
Chatterjee wants to fulfill.Chatterjee on Tuesday announced an ambitious plan
for city's water supply front--- a round the clock filtered water supply for
residents of Behala, Joka and people living in areas off EM Bypass. However, the
water won't come free.

According to Chatterjee every household will have a metered water connection and
the residents will have to pay according to their consumption. This is a
mandatory clause set by the Asian Development Bank in lieu of their assurance of
releasing Rs 450 crore for an overhaul of water supply in areas which go dry in
summer. "We will make sure that lakhs of residents in Behala, Joka and some
areas located off Bypass will be supplied water round the clock. Whenever they
wish to fetch water for household work, taps won't dry for them. But such
uninterrupted supply will be metered and the beneficiaries will need to pay for
this special service," Chatterjee said.Under Rs 450 crore special project, the
KMC will construct three water booster pumping stations-two in Behala and Joka
and the third one at Prantik Palli (Kasba) off EM Bypass. These booster pumping
stations will help maintaining water pressure in far off places. This apart,
five overhead water reservoirs will be built to ensure that filtered water is
stored and supplied to the residents of the localities concerned whenever there
is a crisis. With the concept of supplying round the clock water supply in mind
in Behala and Joka, the KMC water supply department has undertaken construction
of a water treatment plant with a capacity of producing 50 million gallon water
every day. This plant will be in addition to the already existing treatment
plant having the capacity to produce 180 million gallon filtered water. Apart
from the ADB finance, the KMC is also set to receive a grant from Centre under
AMRUT for construction of two booster pumping stations and rejuvenation of the
century-old Tallah water reservoir, Chatterjee said on Tuesday.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                             May 10, 2007 Thursday

Financial: Grant cuts anger renewable energy industry: System relaunched but
with less support: Environmentalists say funding is 'woeful'

BYLINE: Ashley Seager and Fiona Walsh

SECTION: GUARDIAN FINANCIAL PAGES; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 576 words


The government drew sharp criticism from the country's fledgling renewables
industry yesterday as it relaunched a controversial grant system but slashed the
funds available for some technologies.

Electricity generating systems such as solar photovoltaics and small wind
turbines will now be uneconomic for households, even though the government has
pledged a big rise in the use of renewables over the coming decade, experts
said.

Britain generates 2% of its power from renewables but has pledged to raise this
to an EU target of 20% by 2020.

Having suspended its grant system, called the low carbon buildings programme
(LCBP), in March, the Department of Trade and Industry said yesterday it would
restart it at the end of May. Key changes are the abolition of monthly
allocations of funds, which embarrassed the DTI by running out on the first day
of each month, a shortening of grant claim periods and huge reductions in grant
money for solar PV and wind turbines.

The maximum per household is now £2,500, down from £15,000. For wind systems it
is halved to £2,500. As a result, the annual return on solar PV systems drops to
uneconomic levels, analysts say. Grants for solar water heating, at £400, or
ground source heat pumps, at £1,200, remain.

Trade and Industry secretary Alistair Darling said: "Microwind turbines and
solar panels are becoming the credible response of householders to cutting
carbon emissions as well as utility bills. The microgeneration industry has
tremendous potential in the low carbon economy. This grant scheme is designed to
maximise carbon savings, demonstrate potential and help the sector become more
commercially competitive in the long term."

But representatives of the renewables industry were unimpressed. "If I had to
think of a way to destroy the renewables industry, even my worst case scenario
would not have been as bad as this," said Rajiv Bhatia, head of Alternergy, a
leading renewable energy distributor.

The LCBP was launched a year ago with £12.5m of funding for households, although
£50m is available for renewable installation on public buildings. Gordon Brown
added £6m in the budget. Philip Wolfe, head of the Renewable Energy Association,
said that while the reintroduction of the scheme was good news, the scale back
"makes a nonsense of the government's ambition to bring onsite power to the
people". He said it would particularly hit solar photovoltaic and wind
technology, two of the programme's most popular elements.

Environmentalists were also unhappy. "Grants to help householders tackle climate
change by installing micro-generation systems are still woefully inadequate. The
public want to cut their emissions but the government has failed to provide the
funding to help them do this," said Dave Timms of Friends of the Earth.

Since it was launched in April 2006, the LCBP has funded 2,175 installations in
homes, including 242 mini-turbines, 313 solar PV projects and 1,467 solar
thermal systems. Germany, by contrast has 300,000 PV systems in homes.

Germany supports microgeneration by forcing electricity companies to pay a lot
for any power fed into the grid by households on the principle that the polluter
pays. The DTI, though, says that method is too "interventionist".

Dr Hermann Scheer, head of Eurosolar renewables association, told MPs in
Westminster yesterday that the German system had been a success and the industry
now employed 214,000 and had created 24,000 new jobs last year alone.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                            March 2, 2006, Thursday
                                 Mersey Edition

Water firm can insist on meters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 249 words


A WATER company has been granted the power to install compulsory meters in a
landmark ministerial ruling.

A third of households face higher bills following the decision to grant the
Folkestone and Dover firm "water scarcity status".

Other companies in the South and East may now follow suit faced with the threat
of the worst drought in a century.

Each application will be judged on its individual merits, according to
Environment minister Elliot Morley.

"Using water efficiently and sensibly is a matter for us all," Mr Morley said.

"The Government recognises that water metering can encourage people to use water
more wisely -and is also the fairest way to pay for water."

The decision comes after the Government's Environment Agency called last week
for compulsory metering in southern England.

Spokesman David King said: "We believe there should be more meters across
England and Wales, and we've told water companies in the South East that they
need to make rapid progress with metering."

Folkestone and Dover Water wants to increase metering in its area from 40% to
90% of homes over the next 10 years.

Mr Morley could not say how many people would save money from the switch but
around 30% of the 65,000 homes served by the Kent-based firm will see a rise in
their bills.

Dame Yve Buckland, chair of the Consumer Council for Water, said: "Better help
must be available to large households on low incomes - who pay more - preferably
through familiar routes such as the tax benefits and credits system."

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Worthing Herald

                              June 8, 2012 Friday

Affordable power

LENGTH: 211  words


IN reference to J. Hetherington's letter regarding the proposed wind farm off
our coast, do they realise E.ON is a German company and that none of the
commercial wind farms in the UK are owned by a British company?

The highest proposed wind turbine is 210 metres and there will be 195 of them.

Compare that to Cissbury Ring which is 165 metres above sea level and the Post
Office Tower in London which is 177 metres high.

This wind farm will not necessarily be supplying West and East Sussex with
power, that was to illustrate how many homes they hope it could supply, it will
actually be fed to a grid in Bolney.

The cabling for this will go under the South Downs - just granted National Park
status.

All this for a turbine's life span of 20-25 years.

Wind farms received £500million in grants from the UK last year.

One wind farm was paid £1.2 million to be turned off for 8.5 hours because the
National Grid was full to capacity already.

Let's vote to have these grants directed to households for solar panels or solar
roof tiles.

One couple had their household electric bill reduced from £500 to £60 after
fitting solar panels.

This is power that people could afford in these hard times.

Now that is when we could use the word EXCITING.

C. Wright

Marine Drive

Goring

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPWD


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 28, 2016 Monday

No time to waste

BYLINE: Don Wilkins, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1269 words


Nov. 28--Inside one of Daviess County's neighborhoods, a dilapidated, wooden
privacy fence barely obscures the outdated sewer plant that stands between the
American dream and being homeless.

But the fence doesn't hide the odor or the noise that has become a constant
nuisance for those who live inside the Friendly Park subdivision -- a rural,
working-class neighborhood just off Kentucky 81 within Friendly Village.

"Every so often, the pump kicks on, aerates it, circulates it, gets it stinking,
makes a racket," said Troy Welborn, who's lived in Friendly Park for 27 years.
"...Several years ago, several of us pitched in and put the fence up."

Brent Vowels purchased his first house two years ago in Friendly Park, unaware
of the potential sewer problems that awaited him and his family of four.

Vowels is one of several residents who can hear, smell and see the sewer package
plant from the front yard of his Gerald Drive home.

"We knew they had the package plant but that was all that was said about it,"
Vowels said. "There was no, 'It's been here 30 years; it could go down any day.'
... We were first-time home buyers and didn't think anything about it."

A few doors up lives Elizabeth Creager and her family of five.

Creager said she and her husband, Aaron, bought their house a year ago in
Friendly Park.

"When we first looked at this house, nobody said anything about (the plant); it
wasn't brought up," Creager said. "... I stay home and I hear (the plant)
throughout the day," said Creager about the loud mechanical noises. "... My kids
play up and down the street with their friends and they smell it. It's really
bad in the summer."

Vowels' and Creager's homes are two of 93 served by the plant. The majority are
the 69 in the Friendly Park subdivision and 24 others in a nearby mobile home
park.

Help looks to be on the way but it will likely be another three to four years
that the residents will have to rely on the small sewer plant that has doubled
its expected lifespan.

That aid will come from the Regional Water Resource Agency, but not without a
hefty price tag that will cause residents' sewer rates to increase from $11.50
per month to more than $100.

Vowels said he and his wife, Amanda, work full-time but a rate hike that large
will be a hit to their finances.

"It's a terrible thing to have to go through," Vowels said. "I guess we'll have
to just budget differently."

Currently, the residents' sewer situation is in limbo as they wait for RWRA to
take over as the plant operator at the end of December.

RWRA was granted receivership in September by a Franklin Circuit Court judge.
That ruling came after the Public Service Commission approved in April the
abandonment request of the plant's owner, Scott Lewis.

During the PSC hearing, Lewis claimed he was losing money on the Friendly Park
package plant and on a second one he owned that served the Cedar Hills
subdivision.

According to Lewis, his monthly combined revenue for both plants was $2,529 but
his monthly expenses were averaging $3,525 per month.

"It's really tough for an individual to own these plants," Lewis said at the
hearing. "I don't have access to grant money and I don't have access to
low-interest government money to finance these projects."

With Friendly Park, RWRA is making a rare exception by expanding beyond its
required boundaries set by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Otherwise,
the fear by county officials was that, if the Friendly Park plant were to fail,
EPA rules would then mandate the residents to leave their homes due to no viable
sewer system.

Fiscal Court has agreed to be responsible for any catastrophic failure of the
package plant.

And with that assurance, RWRA's plan is to eventually eliminate the package
plant in favor of connecting the 93 homes to its main system. But to do that,
RWRA will have to install more than 4 miles of sewer line at an estimated cost
of $2.1 million.

Dean Behnke, RWRA's director of engineering, said the sewer project will rely on
a pump station instead of gravity flow, making it only beneficial to Friendly
Park's 93 households.

"It's all a force main," Behnke said. "So it's not like (other) people can
connect into it."

As with most RWRA expansion projects, the residents, who will be receiving the
service, are responsible for paying for the construction.

Approximately $1.5 million of the $2.1 construction project, however, is
expected to be funded through a Community Development Block Grant and a Kentucky
Infrastructure Authority loan, which significantly reduced the financial burden
on the Friendly Park residents.

Daviess Fiscal Court and the Green River Area Development District have spent
months working with Frankfort officials and collecting income surveys from
residents to secure the grant money.

Welborn became known as the unofficial "mayor" of the community for his efforts
in getting all of the residents to fill out two surveys -- one from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture and the other from the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development.

"When I was passing the forms out to people, I tried to explain to them that
this would help us achieve a cheaper rate," said Welborn, who is employed as a
plumber.

To be considered for the grant or low-interest loan, 100 percent of the
households were required to fill out the income surveys.

Joanna Shake, associate director for GRADD's Community and Economic Development
Department, said 51 percent of the neighborhood had to be low-to-moderate income
(LMI) to qualify for the $1 million grant.

For example, the Daviess County LMI is $32,050 or below for a single person,
$36,800 or below for a two-person household and $46,000 or below for a
four-person household.

"What we found out was that neighborhood was 58.05 percent LMI," Shake said.

Shake credited Daviess Fiscal Court and Judge-Executive Al Mattingly with their
sense of "urgency" to find funding for the project.

"You have to applaud Judge Mattingly for trying to save these people's homes,"
Shake said. "If we didn't get this corrected, they would've been forced to leave
their houses."

Although the $1 million grant hasn't been officially awarded, the county and
RWRA have been operating as though it has.

Shake said the CDBG application window doesn't open until March.

"You don't want to be presumptuous but we pretty much have assurances that the
block grant will be funded," Shake said.

RWRA is scheduled to become Friendly Park's package plant operator on Dec. 28.

The public sewer agency has already announced that residents will be charged $55
per month for upkeep costs during the receivership period, which could last
three to four years. Once the neighborhood is connected, that monthly charge is
expected to at least double.

Welborn said he understands why his neighbors aren't looking forward to higher
sewer bills, but he doesn't blame RWRA or Fiscal Court.

"I'm happy with the price," Welborn said. "We got away with paying $11 or $12
for 30-something years. Now, we have to catch up."

And in the end, Wellborn said the community, which he's called home for more
than a quarter century, will be better off.

"RWRA is going to take care of the sewers under our streets and they're going to
take care of the sewer treatment plant," he said. "I know it will be done right.
...And what they're going to put in will be completely underground and silent.
You won't hear it or smell it anymore."

Don Wilkins, dwilkins@messenger-inquirer.com, 691-7299, Twitter: @DonWilkinsMI

___ (c)2016 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161128-OW-No-time-to-waste-1128-20161128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2016 Messenger-Inquirer


                              806 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                           September 18, 2006, Monday
                                 First Edition

New calls for efficiency as campaign saves a mug of water a day

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 406 words


Water companies managed to encourage their customers to save the equivalent of
only a mug of water a day over a three-year period, new research claimed
yesterday.

A study by the Institute for Public Policy Research (IPPR) found that, on
average between 2002 and 2005, companies spent 11p per customer per year trying
to make them reduce their water consumption. Bristol spent the most - 51p -
while Portsmouth, Folkestone and Dover and Dee Valley spent 1p per customer and
Dwr Cymru didn't spend anything, it said.

On average, 327 millilitres of water per customer per day was saved across
England and Wales. Some 1,830 mls a day was conserved by South West customers
while Sutton and East Surrey and Dwr Cymru customers didn't save a drop.

According to the IPPR, The Environment Agency suggests the average household
could reduce its water use by 14 per cent - 49.3 litres per day - through a
package of five water efficiency measures.

The authors of the report, entitled Every Drop Counts: Achieving Greater Water
Efficiency, recommended that the Government introduces a Water Efficiency
Commitment, similar to the Energy Efficiency Commitment, which sets a legal
obligation on energy suppliers to improve household energy efficiency.

They argued that there should be national minimum water efficiency targets with
"enhanced targets" for areas m o r e p r o n e t o w a t e r shortages.

They said the scheme should be voluntary to begin with, and should be reviewed
in the run-up to the water price review in 2014 "with a view to introducing a
statutory Water Efficiency Commitment in 2015".

Penalties for failure to meet targets could be on a similar basis to that of
leakage, they added, whereby regulator Ofwat is given the discretionary power to
fine companies a proportion of turnover (up to 10 per cent).

They said it would give companies an incentive to provide more help to customers
to improve their water efficiency, for example, by offering them grants or
incentives to replace their inefficient appliances with low or dual flush
toilets' aerated or spray taps' low-flow showerheads' or water butts and
sophisticated rainwater harvesting systems that store and use rainwater for
nondrinkable uses, such as flushing toilets.

The IPPR researchers also suggested that there needs to be an acceleration of
the installation of water meters but said the Government should provide
safeguards to support low income and vulnerable households.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             August 31, 2012 Friday

Water rates going up for Silver City/Grant County residents

BYLINE: By Christine Steele csteele@scsun-news.com

SECTION: NEWS; Automotive

LENGTH: 646 words


INFOBOX

New Water Rates:

In-town Residential

Minimum charge $10.25 for the first 3,000 gallons (up from $9.99)

Second tier $3.44 per 1,000 gallons over 3,000 up to 13,000 gallons (up from
$3.34)

Third tier $4.21 per 1,000 gallons over the 13,000 gallons (up from $4.09)

In-town Commercial (less than 100,000 gallons per month)

Minimum charge $10.25 for the first 3,000 gallons (up from $9.99)

Second tier $3.44 per 1,000 gallons over 3,000 up to 417,000 gallons monthly

Third tier $4.21 per 1,000 gallons over 417,000 gallons monthly

Out-of-town Residential

Minimum charge $18.02 for the first 3,000 gallons (will not increase)

Second tier $5.90 per 1,000 gallons over 3,000 up to 13,000 gallons (from $5.73)

Third tier $6.98 per 1,000 gallons over the 13,000 gallons (up from $6.78)

Out-of-town Commercial

Minimum charge $18.02 for the first 3,000 gallons (will not increase)

Second tier $5.90 per 1,000 gallons over 3,000 up to 13,000 gallons (from $5.73)

Third tier $6.98 per 1,000 gallons over the 13,000 gallons (up from $6.78)

All water association water rates will be increased by 3 percent

SILVER CITY   Water rates are going up for Silver City and Grant County
residents beginning with their September bill.

The 3 percent hike will mean an increase of 56 cents on the average resident's
bill based on usage of 6,000 gallons a month (the state average per household),
but will vary depending on how much water the household uses. Residents will see
the increase on their Sept. 14 bill, which covers August usage.

The base rate for those living outside of city limits, who already pay nearly
double the in-town base rate, will not be affected by the increase, but the
usage rate   based on how many gallons a customer uses, will increase. The
Silver City Town Council approved the rate hike via an ordinance adopted at
their Aug. 23 meeting.

Residents have not seen a water rate hike since 2008, Town Manager Alex Brown
said. Prior to that, a 3 percent increase had been built-in and rates
automatically went up 3 percent every year.

"I didn't feel since 2008 that we needed to raise rates," Brown said. "But due
to increased expenses, mainly the PNM rate increase, the current rate structure
wasn't adequate to meet our needs."

The town's water fund is an enterprise fund, which means it must be
self-sustaining. User fees should pay for construction, repair, maintenance,
operations and expansion of the town's water system infrastructure, explained
town councilor and accountant Mike Morones.

In July 2011, the New Mexico Public Regulation Commission approved a 9.1 rate
increase for PNM and that increased the town's electric costs to pump water from
the town's wells to users and water associations. The PNM rate increase put the
town in a position where the water rates residents were paying were no longer
bringing in enough revenue to the town to cover the cost of operating the water
system. The town absorbed the added cost for a year but felt it no longer could,
Brown said. That electric cost   to pump the water to town users   is one of the
town's largest expenses and last year added up to $484,000.

The PNM rate hike was not the only reason the town felt it needed to raise water
rates, Brown said. A high fire season in the spring and summer of 2011 also saw
the town using a lot of water on the many local fires that kept breaking out.

Residents will see the increase on their Sept. 13 water/sewer/trash bill, which
will be based on their usage in August.

Water rates will not automatically be increased every year, Brown said. Instead,
the town manager will need to propose any rate hikes to the town council during
the budget process for the town, and justifying the need for one. The council
will then vote to approve or disapprove of the increase. The process now models
one the council adopted in 2008 for sewer rates.

Christine Steele can be reached at (575) 538-5893 ext. 5802

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                          February 21, 2007 Wednesday
                                   e1 Edition

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 795 words


We are nearly at the end of the two-week suspense period between President
Mbeki's State of the Nation address at the opening of parliament and the Budget
speech to be delivered by the minister of finance today.

Hints of a more comprehensive social security package that includes older
children have kept us guessing and hoping.

It was welcome news when Mbeki announced that "we have also started examining
measures to reach vulnerable children over the age of 14".

What could this mean for children between the ages of 14 and 17? One of the
simplest and most effective measures would be to extend the Child Support Grant
to children under 18 years old.

Although all children have the same constitutional entitlement to social
assistance, the programme excludes about a quarter of the child population -
about 4-million children - who are over the age of 14.

It was initially targeted only at children under the age of 6 in 1998. The age
threshold was increased in phases - to 9 years, then 11 and finally to children
under the age of 14 from April 2005.

At this point, the planned extension in the roll-out of the grant was completed.
The constitution permits the "progressive realisation" of socio-economic rights
that can't all be delivered at once. But at present, we have unfinished
business.

There are many reasons why it would make sense for grant access to be extended.

Older children are no less poor than younger children. An analysis of the
General Household Survey (2005) shows that across the age spectrum, about
two-thirds of children live in income poverty and could be eligible for social
grants if they were not excluded on the basis of their age.

Grant beneficiaries are automatically exempt from paying school fees. Children
need to complete their education to graduate out of poverty. At present, the
grants system cuts off support for children as they enter high school, and it is
at this stage that school drop-out rates increase dramatically.

Social grants are not kept in separate piggy banks, but become part of household
budgets.

Many households survive almost entirely on social grants which enable people to
buy food and clothing and gain access to other government services, such as
education, healthcare and municipal services - all necessary for the survival
and development of children.

Excluding older children means that more household members depend on fewer
grants, and this dilutes the effect of the R190-per-month grant for their
younger siblings.

The social grants system has been by far the most extensive and successful
poverty alleviation mechanism so far.

Social grants have reached the majority of the eligible target population and
have also been associated with better nutrition, better health and better
educational outcomes among children. Rather than depriving older children of
these benefits, it makes sense to scale up the thing that works, while at the
same time trying to address the underlying causes of poverty.

Persistently high unemployment rates mean that a large part of the population
will continue to rely on social assistance until enough jobs are created or
there is a more comprehensive system of social security for the millions of
unemployed adults.

The State of the Nation address has already suggested that there will be
measures to extend contributory unemployment insurance to the poor, to provide a
wage subsidy for first-time employees and to intensify youth development
programmes. Mbeki describes the proposed measures to reach vulnerable teenagers
as "additional" to all this.

The State of the Nation address indicates that an integrated approach to poverty
alleviation will be intensified using a database of "poor" households that will
be monitored and supported in a number of ways. This is to include the provision
of free or subsidised municipal services (electricity, water and sanitation) and
systematic links to work opportunities.

The centralised Social Pensions Database for grant beneficiaries, SocPen, is
likely to become a key source of information for identifying poor households.

The social security net should be widened to include older children, so that
they and the households in which they live have the opportunity of being
included in the database - and receiving the multiple associated benefits which
could, in Mbeki's words, enable people to "graduate out of dependence on social
grants".

We will listen to the Budget speech from the perspective of children - a special
group of rights bearers who have needs now. This is the time for a commitment
and plan to fulfil the right to social assistance.

The Budget can achieve this by providing for the extension of the Child Support
Grant to all children under 18.

nHall and Jamieson are based at the Children's Institute, University of Cape
Town

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   The Daily Independent (Ashland, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 27, 2008 Wednesday

Greenup engineering study of water system ready for state evaluation

BYLINE: Mike James, The Daily Independent, Ashland, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 377 words


Aug. 27--GREENUP -- Greenup submitted an engineering study of its sprawling
water system ahead of schedule and now is waiting for the state to evaluate it.

The study is essential to the growth of the system because the Kentucky Division
of Water won't allow further expansion until the city makes progress on fixing
pressure problems plaguing several areas, according to Mayor Donna Hewlett.

Hewlett and council member Joe Mantz spent part of Monday in Frankfort with a
representative of HDR/Quest, the Lexington engineering firm that conducted the
study.

The study didn't reveal problems the city didn't already know about, Hewlett
said Tuesday. It confirmed there are pressure problems in the Wolfpen, Old Steam
Estates, Meade Hollow and Horn Hollow areas.

However, the study will be useful to the engineering firm in finding ways to fix
the problems, she said. Solutions so far have proven elusive.

Also, a planned expansion of the system into the Schultz area in the far western
part of the county is at a standstill until something is done about the
problems. The city had been poised to start designing the expansion and had
grant funding for engineering work when the Division of Water placed a hold on
the project, Hewlett said.

The expansion, referred to as Phase 8, would supply water to about 350
households. Greenup's water system, built over a span of years mostly through
state grants, supplies water to much of rural Greenup County as well as to the
city.

The state rejected three previous studies by another engineering firm; Hewlett
hopes the division will accept this one.

She doesn't know yet what position the state will take on the Phase 8 expansion
now that the study is in, but hopes it will allow the city to move forward with
design work.

MIKE JAMES can be reached at mjames@dailyindependent.com or (606) 326-2652.

To see more of The Daily Independent or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyindependent.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Daily Independent,
Ashland, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080827-KA-Greenup-engineering-study-of-water-system
-ready-for-state-evaluation-0827

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KA


                                 Copyright 2008


                              810 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             May 15, 2013 Wednesday

Geneva reminds residents grants are available for installing overhead sewers

BYLINE: By Susan Sarkauskas ssarkauskas@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 393 words


In the wake of the April 17 showers that left some people with flooded
basements, the Geneva public works department is reminding homeowners of one
solution: Installing overhead sewers.

Since 2009, the city has offered to pay for half the costs, up to $3,000, for
eligible projects, Water and Wastewater Superintendent Bob Van Gyseghem told the
city council Monday night.

Instead of having all plumbing fixtures, including those in the basement,
draining to a pipe under the basement floor, owners can put a wastewater pipe
near the basement ceiling.

Wastewater from basement fixtures such as utility sinks, toilets and washing
machines would flow in a pit and be pumped up to that pipe, which would exit the
house higher than in the typical set up.

Should the city's sanitary sewers back up, such as when excess rainwater
infiltrates, it is much less likely sewage would back up into the basement
through floor drains, sinks and toilets, Van Gyseghem said.

The city's website, geneva.il.us, has that explain this, as well as the
application for the program, under the Public Works section.

Interested parties would first receive a site inspection to make sure there
aren't any improper connections, such as a sump pump draining into the sanitary
sewer system.

The city inspector may also be able to advise whether an overhead sewer would
help, or if something else is causing a sewer backup, such as a clogged sewer
line.

Alderman Ron Singer asked what happens during an electrical outage, if the
ejector pump can't work.

"You just have to be wise and not be using your basement sewer at that time,"
Van Gyseghem said.

He said six households have used the program since 2009, and none have reported
having any problems.

Only one spent more than $6,000 on their project.

Alderman Mike Bruno suggested the city also send out warnings during heavy
storms, via its email and Twitter feeds, that residents be "judicious in the use
of drains."

Alderman Dean Kilburg wondered if installing overhead sewers could cause
problems for neighbors.

If three or four households on a block did it, he asked, would it force water
into basements that didn't previously have a problem?

Van Gyseghem said he didn't know.

The city has budgeted $6,000 a year for the grants, available on a first-come,
first-served basis.

Batavia, North Aurora and St. Charles also have overhead sewer grant programs.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              811 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Milpitas: Water rate hikes to pay for $25 million revenue bond

BYLINE: By Aliyah Mohammed - Milpitas Post amohammed@themilpitaspost.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; News

LENGTH: 526 words


In the coming months, Milpitas city staff expects to issue a $25 million revenue
bond to help finance five "critical" water infrastructure improvement projects.

Although residents will have to pay it off over the next 20 years, the bond
won't go to a public vote because it was authorized as part of the water rate
increases the city council approved in December.

According to city staff, under Proposition 218, property owners and rate players
could protest the increases. On Dec. 15, the city received 2,046 written
protests, though 9,100 were needed.

The bond will cover more than half of the $42 million capital improvement work
planned for the next five years.

Russell J. Morreale, the city's director of financial services, said the bond
was discussed at the council's Oct. 6 meeting when a draft water rate study was
to be released to the public, and again in December during a public hearing on
the water rate increases. He said it was noted then that capital improvement
costs would be tied to water rate increases in April 2016.

"Revenue bonds are supported by water rates from a revenue stream that was
already positioned" through the water rate hikes, Morreale said. He added the
bond is merely a financing tool to acquire $25 million upfront and have the debt
paid off over time against a revenue stream supported by water rates.

"We don't see sewer or water systems," Morreale said. "They are not visible,
they are not visible as they deteriorate, but they are important to maintain ...
they are mission critical projects for the community."

Steve Machida, director of engineering, said many of the city's water pipes are
50 to 60 years old.

Although the rate increases will vary from 54 percent to more than 100 percent
depending on household size and usage, city officials say that, beginning in
April, the average single-family residence in Milpitas will be billed $98.75
bimonthly -- an increase of $20.83 over the current rate, or $10.42 per month
more. In July, the second-tier increase will raise the same household's bill to
$128.75 bimonthly -- an increase of $30, or $15 per month.

Morreale told the council Feb. 16 that 10 percent of the bond must be spent
within the first six months and 85 percent within 36 months of it being sold.

Mayor Jose Esteves asked if there was some way to apply for grants to pay for
the water infrastructure work, but Machida replied that a bond would be better
to ensure the water projects are completed on time and within budget.

"I am grateful we are taking a proactive approach," Vice Mayor Carmen Montano
said. "There is a drought and we don't know what the future entails. We live in
an overactive area with earthquakes as the land is always shifting, we are
surrounded by two major fault lines, we are providing conduits that provide
water to our residents."

In addition to infrastructure improvements, the water rates pay for the purchase
of water from wholesalers such as the Santa Clara Valley Water District and San
Francisco Public Utilities Commission and cover a portion of the operation and
maintenance costs of their pipelines as well as the city's.

Contact Aliyah Mohammed at twitter.com/MilpitasPost.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The City of Milpitas will be issuing $25 million in revenue bonds later
this year to fund capital improvement water projects in the city.Photo courtesy
of City of Milpitas

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 26, 2016 Saturday

UK Intellectual Property Office grants trade mark "COMFORT FLOW" to KYUNGDONG
NAVIEN CO., LTD.

LENGTH: 216 words

DATELINE: New York



 London:  KYUNGDONG NAVIEN CO., LTD., has been granted trademark (UK00003187615)
titled as "COMFORT FLOW" from the UK Intellectual Property Office.





  Status: Registered



 Class/es:    Class 11

     Gas boilers; Gas water heaters; Residential gas boilers; Boilers for
household purposes; Household electric radiant heaters; Industrial hot water
heating apparatus; Industrial steam heating apparatus; Heating boilers for the
water supply; Flues for heating boilers; Heating boiler pipes; Heating
installations; Heating installations for boiler tubes; Heating elements; Heating
boilers; Hot-air space heating apparatus; Gas-fired heaters; Radiators;
Industrial boilers; Laundry utility boilers; Instantaneous water heaters; Heat
pumps; Electric space heaters; Thermostatic valves; Steam accumulators; Air
conditioners; Regenerative heat exchangers; Solar water heaters; Gas stoves;
Electric heaters for residential use; Electric radiators; Ventilators for
heating and cooling applications; Air-conditioning ventilation installations and
apparatus; Gas ranges; Gas burners.



 Filing Date:  26 September 2016



 Date of registration: 25 November 2016



 Representative name:  J A Kemp



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           February 26, 1994 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

BID TO SAVE WATER WITH NEW PRICE PLAN;
STATE'S NEW DEAL

BYLINE: GEOFF KITNEY and MICHAEL MILLETT

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 691 words


The Federal and State governments have adopted a national water conservation
strategy which will result in the phasing-in of new charges to persuade
households and industry to use less water.

The strategy will mean that over the next four years, household charges will
include fees for access to the mains and for the amount of water used.

Bulk water users in metropolitan areas will face charges based on a
recover-all-costs basis.

For rural water users, charges and costs will be progressively reviewed so that
by 2001 they comply with full-cost recovery principles, with any subsidies fully
revealed.

The meeting of Federal and State leaders in Hobart yesterday adopted the key
principles of a report on water resource policy by a committee chaired by the
businessman Sir Eric Neal.

The report expressed alarm about the unsustainable rate of consumption of water
and said pricing policies had to be changed to deal with the problem.

The decisions on a new national water strategy were outlined in a 33-page
communique released at the end of the meeting of the Council of Australian
Governments.

In fact, because the Prime Minister and the Premiers spent most of the day on
the first two items on the agenda - implementation of a national competition
policy and a review of the roles and responsibilities of all levels of
government - the water issue and many other items were agreed by officials and
simply endorsed by the Premiers.

The same approach was taken on other key issues including:

* An agreement that plans to establish a free and fair trade in natural gas
needed to be finalised over the next two years. Under this system, gas producers
would be allowed to sell their products across State borders on normal
commercial terms and there would be third-party access to gas pipelines. It was
agreed that all remaining legislative and regulatory barriers to this trade
would be removed by July 1, 1996.

* On electricity reform, the leaders agreed that there had been significant
change in establishing a competitive national electricity market. But it was
recommended that a new framework of regulations based on the Hilmer Report's
recommendations to introduce greater competition between producers needed to be
established.

* The endorsement of a plan to set up a comprehensive Asian languages and
cultures program in schools despite reservations expressed about this by the
Federal Minister for Employment, Education and Training, Mr Crean. Under the
plan, students between Year 3 and Year 10 would be required to study a second
language, either Asian or European.

* The setting-up of a working group of officials to assess the way governments
have moved to establish effective programs to prevent violence against women.

* Acknowledgement by the Federal Government of the need to review the system of
tied financial grants, under which funding to the States has to be spent in ways
decided by the Commonwealth. The States have complained that this is causing
overlap and duplication and restricting efficient service delivery. Tied grants
make up 53 per cent of the funds the Federal Government gives to the States,
compared with less than 50 per cent when the leaders first began to discuss ways
of giving the States greater financial freedom in 1990.

* The leaders considered a set of national objectives for housing and urban
development issues. These would be used to promote improved economic
performance, increased effectiveness of social and environmental programs and
better housing and locational choices.

The issue of housing design, however, is a major sticking point between the
Federal Government and the States because of State concerns that the Federal
Government is attempting to impose centrally determined standards for the
States.

THE REFORM AGENDA

TAXIS: Less licensing; more taxis

ELECTRICITY: Form separate companies for generation, transmission & supply

TAB: Expose TAB to competition

GAS & WATER: State monopolies to end subsidised prices for households &reduce
prices for industry

PROFESSIONAL ASSOCIATIONS: End restrictive work practices & membership
restrictions

AGRICULTURAL MARKETING BOARDS: Deregulate prices of commodities.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PORT: Mr Keating in Hobart yesterday. TABLE: The Reform Agenda

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1994 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 16, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Attacking Habits To Battle Pollution

BYLINE: By TESSA MELVIN

SECTION: Section 12WC; Page 13; Column 1; Westchester Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 727 words


ABOUT a fourth of the county's car owners change their own motor oil to save
money. The bad news is that most of those economy-minded people pour the used
motor oil into the nearest storm drain, polluting nearby ground water.

A chapter of the League of Women Voters in Westchester is determined to change
the out-of-sight-out-of-mind mentality that has contributed nearly 80 percent of
the oil pollution in the Hudson River by using a grant from the Federal
Environmental Protection Agency.

The grant, which will focus on household hazardous waste, is one of 18 that the
Federal agency has awarded to league chapters nationwide to teach people about
preventing ground-water pollution. Life-style pollution, or that contributed by
sources other than industry and municipal sewage treatment-plants, accounts for
50 percent of ground-water contamination, agency officials have estimated.

"There is so much environmental bad news, we wanted to give people something
they could do," Daria Gregg, project manager for the league chapter, said in a
recent radio interview describing the program. Noting the publicity outlining
New York City's effort to protect its watershed, Ms. Gregg said that "technology
won't fix these things; a change of behavior will fix these things."

Traveling Road Show

The Briarcliff, Ossining, Croton and Cortlandt chapter of the League of Women
Voters is using its $4,500 grant to create a traveling road show, using workable
models to describe what members call "the secret underground water world" under
Westchester and to outline ways in which ordinary citizens can become part of
the pollution solution to stop its contamination by making simple changes in
their everyday lives.

Among other tips, league members advise motorists to take used motor oil to the
nearest gas station for recycling. Under the law, gas stations that perform 500
or more oil changes yearly must accept the used motor oil, which can be reused
as a lubricant.

Other commonly misused products contributing to ground-water contamination, Ms.
Gregg said, include dishwasher detergents, which commonly contain phosphates.
Phosphates contribute to algae growth in water. A number of phosphate-free
alternatives exist, Ms. Gregg said, but consumers must ask supermarket owners to
carry them.

The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation recently banned
additional phosphate discharges into reservoirs, imposing new regulations
governing phosphate discharges from sewage-treatment plants.

Consumer ignorance is all that is preventing the purchase of well-known exterior
paints that don't contain mercury, Ms. Gregg said. Mercury, a toxin that most
notably poisons fish and could, at higher levels, presumably poison humans,
evaporates into the atmosphere and returns in rain. It has increased pollution
significantly, Ms. Gregg said, adding "people don't realize that a number of
big-name exterior paints are available without mercury."

Brochures Are Available

Among other materials, the league has produced several brochures with additional
information about control of ground-water pollution, including reference guides
to domestic wells and septic systems and individual guides to the water systems
of the four communities that the league chapter represents.

The guides contain do's and don'ts for consumers, including proper disposition
of leftover household chemicals. Consumers wanting to follow proper procedures
must stay abreast of county collection days. That system, now being reviewed by
county officials, has set aside certain days during the year for collection. For
more information about the new schedule, call the county at 285-6143.

Displays related to the ground-water program of the League of Women voters will
be on view in libraries and malls throughout the four-town area through June
when they will be available to other organizations in the county. For more
information, contact Ms. Gregg at 762-1316.

In a related development, the Federal Environmental Protection Agency recently
recognized the county's efforts to insure that local industries safely discharge
into the county's sewer system. The industrial pretreatment program of the
Department of Environmental Facilities was recently chosen from among 50 such
programs in the state to receive the agency's Outstanding Pretreatment Award.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              815 of 996 DOCUMENTS

             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            June 11, 2003 Wednesday

Oklahoma Water Resources Board awards improvement funds

BYLINE: JRLR staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 530 words


Seven grants were awarded and two loans were approved Tuesday to finance
improvements to water and sewer systems across Oklahoma.

The funds from the Oklahoma Water Resources Board will help underwrite projects
in Delaware, Grady, Love, Pittsburg, Washington, Craig, Sequoyah, Hughes and
Beckham counties.

In addition, Muskogee received a new, low-interest loan to refinance a pair of
loans it received a decade ago, and is expected to save hundreds of thousands of
dollars on interest charges.

Grove received a $7.5 million low-interest loan to build a new wastewater
treatment plant, said Sen. Rick M. Littlefield, D-Grove, and Rep. Joe Hutchison,
D-Jay.

Rush Springs received a $565,000 low-interest loan to upgrade its water system,
said Rep. Joe Dorman. The Rush Springs Democrat said the loan is to be retired
over a 20-year period.

Love County Rural Water District #1 was awarded a Rural Economic Action Plan
grant of almost $131,000, said Rep. Fred Stanley, D-Madill. Documents indicate
the funds will pay for construction of a new water storage standpipe, said Sen.
Johnnie Crutchfield, D-Ardmore.

Ochelata received a $99,450 Rural Economic Action Plan grant to renovate its
water distribution system, said Rep. Gary Taylor, D-Dewey, and Sen. Jim Dunlap,
R-Bartlesville.

Dustin was awarded a $90,000 Rural Economic Action Plan grant to replace
eight-tenths of a mile of antiquated water lines in the Hughes County community,
said Rep. Dale Turner, D-Holdenville, and Sen. Dick Wilkerson, D-Atwood.

Vian received a $150,000 Rural Economic Action Plan grant to help finance the
cost of replacing approximately 1.3 miles of deteriorated sewer lines and
installing a sewage lift station, said Rep. Glen Bud Smithson, D-Sallisaw.

Welch received a $112,000 Rural Economic Action Plan grant to improve a sewage
treatment lagoon, said Rep. Joe Eddins, D-Vinita.

Beckham County Rural Water, Sewer & Solid Waste Management District #2 was
awarded a $99,950 Rural Economic Action Plan grant, said Rep. Purcy Walker,
D-Elk City. Records indicate the funds will be used to construct 4.35 miles of
new water lines to new customers who currently have to haul water for drinking
and other household uses, said Sen. Robert M. Kerr, D-Altus.

Haileyville received a $99,900 Rural Economic Action Plan grant to replace a
section of sewer line and to perform an inspection of sewage collection lines,
said Rep. Richard Lerblance, D-Hartshorne.

A $4,615,000 loan to Muskogee was approved Tuesday, said Reps. Stuart Ericson
and Barbara Staggs and Sen. Ben Robinson. The proceeds will be used to refinance
a pair of loans totaling $8,060,000 that were issued in 1993 and 1994 for sewer
system improvements, ledgers reflect.

Joe Freeman, chief of the Water Board's Financial Assistance Division, said that
the transaction will save Muskogee residents an estimated $1.65 million in
interest charges over the next 11 years. Freeman said that between now and 2014
the new loan will command a variable interest rate ranging from 1 percent to 3.5
percent; in comparison, he said the older loans carried higher, fixed interest
rates.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Manningham Leader (Australia)

                             May 21, 2008 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Donation tackles homelessness

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 302

LENGTH: 586  words


REALESTATE.COM.AU has donated $100,000 to Mission Australia to help house the
homeless, following the overwhelming number of visitors to the website
housesforthehomeless.com.au. It took just over 48 hours after the launch of
realestate.com.au's House the Homeless campaign this month for 100,000 Aussies
to visit the housesforthehomeless.com.au website and help raise $100,000 for
Mission Australia's housing support services. Realestate.com.au boss Shaun Di
Gregorio said the campaign would continue throughout May to raise awareness of
homelessness, despite reaching the $100,000 target in quick time.

Reserve warned on rates

AUSTRALIA'S peak building and construction industry organisation has warned the
Reserve Bank not to raise interest rates again, following the drop in home
lending in March. Master Builders Australia chief economist Peter Jones said the
rate rises of the past five months would delay the housing recovery until well
into next year. ``The biggest risk for the residential building market is home
buyers' confidence. Uncertainty about where interest rates are heading will be
the key drivers of home buyers' behaviour over the next six months,'' he said.

Tradespeople easy to find

HOME builders or renovators looking for a tradesperson have an easier way to
find someone thanks to a new online initiative. Tradebuild, the Housing Industry
of Australia's free, web-based business directory, is open to all HIA members
who want to advertise their business on the website. By entering the location of
the job, and selecting a specific trade or keyword, consumers are provided with
a list of HIA members that fit the requirements. Tradebuild is also linked to
another of HIA's web-based initiatives -- eQuote -- which allows people to send
details of the work they require to an online noticeboard. HIA members are then
able to view the noticeboard and provide quotes direct to the consumer.
Information: hia.com.au.

Water trial funded

DELFIN Laurimar's grey- and black-water trial has been given a $200,000 grant
from the Smart Water Fund towards the research and demonstration of an
innovative approach to harvest and treat stormwater, grey water and black water
in a new housing development. The trial has received financial backing from and
is endorsed by the Smart Water Fund. Laurimar's Sean Pinan said the water
recycling trial demonstrated Delfin's commitment to building environmentally
sustainable developments. ``This program aims to significantly reduce the amount
of potable water used to irrigate gardens and public open spaces, keeping the
community green and healthy, while assisting residents in protecting their
investments,'' Mr Pinan said. ``Once the grey and black water system is fully
operational, it is expected that a household will save about 50 per cent of
drinking water compared to an equivalent-sized household without a water
recycling system.''

Information: www.smartwater.com.au.

Competitive edge soughtFALLING auction rates, a lack of buyers as interest rates
bite, and long waits for sales have placed pressure on vendors and real estate
agents to look for competitive edges in sales campaigns. One response by private
sellers and some real estate agents has been to market properties with an
Archicentre pre-purchase inspection report that also provides prospective buyers
with a $10,000 structural guarantee. Agents and private sellers using that
approach say it is being well received by prospective buyers for taking the
guesswork out of the properties' condition.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers

JOURNAL-CODE: DTV


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Whitehorse Leader (Australia)

                             May 21, 2008 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Donation tackles homelessness

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 302

LENGTH: 585  words


REALESTATE.COM.AU has donated $100,000 to Mission Australia to help house the
homeless, following the overwhelming number of visitors to the website
housesforthehomeless.com.au. It took just over 48 hours after the launch of
realestate.com.au's House the Homeless campaign this month for 100,000 Aussies
to visit the housesforthehomeless.com.au website and help raise $100,000 for
Mission Australia's housing support services. Realestate.com.au boss Shaun Di
Gregorio said the campaign would continue throughout May to raise awareness of
homelessness, despite reaching the $100,000 target in quick time.

Reserve warned on rates

AUSTRALIA'S peak building and construction industry organisation has warned the
Reserve Bank not to raise interest rates again, following the drop in home
lending in March. Master Builders Australia chief economist Peter Jones said the
rate rises of the past five months would delay the housing recovery until well
into next year. ``The biggest risk for the residential building market is
homebuyers' confidence. Uncertainty about where interest rates are heading will
be the key drivers of homebuyers' behaviour over the next six months,'' he said.

Tradespeople easy to find

HOME builders or renovators looking for a tradesperson have an easier way to
find someone thanks to a new online initiative. Tradebuild, the Housing Industry
of Australia's free, web-based business directory, is open to all HIA members
who want to advertise their business on the website. By entering the location of
the job, and selecting a specific trade or keyword, consumers are provided with
a list of HIA members that fit the requirements. Tradebuild is also linked to
another of HIA's web-based initiatives -- eQuote -- which allows people to send
details of the work they require to an online noticeboard. HIA members are then
able to view the noticeboard and provide quotes direct to the consumer.
Information: hia.com.au.

Water trial funded

DELFIN Laurimar's grey- and black-water trial has been given a $200,000 grant
from the Smart Water Fund towards the research and demonstration of an
innovative approach to harvest and treat stormwater, grey water and black water
in a new housing development. The trial has received financial backing from and
is endorsed by the Smart Water Fund. Laurimar's Sean Pinan said the water
recycling trial demonstrated Delfin's commitment to building environmentally
sustainable developments. ``This program aims to significantly reduce the amount
of potable water used to irrigate gardens and public open spaces, keeping the
community green and healthy, while assisting residents in protecting their
investments,'' Mr Pinan said. ``Once the grey and black water system is fully
operational, it is expected that a household will save about 50 per cent of
drinking water compared to an equivalent-sized household without a water
recycling system.''

Information: www.smartwater.com.au.

Competitive edge soughtFALLING auction rates, a lack of buyers as interest rates
bite, and long waits for sales have placed pressure on vendors and real estate
agents to look for competitive edges in sales campaigns. One response by private
sellers and some real estate agents has been to market properties with an
Archicentre pre-purchase inspection report that also provides prospective buyers
with a $10,000 structural guarantee. Agents and private sellers using that
approach say it is being well received by prospective buyers for taking the
guesswork out of the properties' condition.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WHV


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                     December 16, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

World Bank Approves US$ 138 Million Additional Financing for Improving
Irrigation System in Sindh

LENGTH: 427  words


Dec. 16 -- US-based World Bank issued the following news release:

The World Bank today approved US$138 million additional financing to the Sindh
Water Sector Improvement Project to further improve the efficiency and
effectiveness of the irrigation water distribution system of three Area Water
Boards (Ghotki, Nara and Left Bank) in the Sindh province.

Sindh is one of the primary beneficiaries of Indus Basin Irrigation System with
three major barrages that divert some 48 million acre feet of water annually to
the 14 main canal commands in the province.  Sindh is one of the poorest regions
of the country, and 56 percent of household income in Sindh comes from
agriculture, directly or indirectly.  The project covers over 1.8 million ha of
irrigated land, benefiting over 600,000 farm-households or over 3.6 million
people.

"Harnessing the development potential of the Indus Basin Irrigation System- one
of the world's largest integrated irrigation network - is essential to
Pakistan's agriculture sector, which is a major source of employment in the
country" said Rachid Benmessaoud, World Bank, Country Director for Pakistan.
"The additional financing will help increase agricultural productivity,
employment and incomes in more than 30 percent of the irrigated area in the
province."

The project will cover rehabilitation of key hydraulic infrastructure, main and
branch canals, and distributaries and minors that were covered under the scope
of the original project but could not be undertaken because of cost escalation
and impact of successive 2010 and 2011 floods, hence the need for additional
funds.  It will also address the systemic issues of the irrigation and drainage
sector leading to its sustainability in the long run. The project's ultimate
objective is to deepen the institutional reforms that are already underway in
Sindh.

"The additional financing will further support the Sindh Irrigation and Drainage
Authority in improving the irrigation service delivery to about 600,000 farm
households, with special focus on reliability, equity, and user satisfaction.",
said Abdulhamid Azad, the Task Team Leader of the project. "The project promotes
equitable distribution of irrigation water and boosts shared prosperity by
increasing farmers' income and reducing their vulnerability to future droughts."

The credit is financed from the International Development Association (IDA), the
World Bank Group's grant and low-interest arm. It will be on standard IDA terms,
with a maturity of 25 years, including a grace period of 5 years.

Source: World Bank

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                              July 8, 2012 Sunday
                                  Pune Edition

Societies harvesting rainwater likely to get more tax benefits

BYLINE: Prasad Kulkarni TNN

SECTION: TIMES CITY

LENGTH: 493 words



HIGHLIGHT: Currently,Civic Body Grants 5% Rebate On Property Tax As Incentive


Pune: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is considering a proposal to double
the tax discount for housing societies that have taken up rainwater
harvesting.Currently,the civic body grants a rebate of 5% of the tax amount to
such societies.Rainwater harvesting is considered an eco-friendly,sustainable
and cost-effective water-saving solution.The captured rainwater can be used for
washing clothes and utensils,watering gardens and for sanitation purposes,during
dry spells.However there are not many takers for the option."Pune has hilltop
and hill-slope areas and abundant rainfall.All this rainwater flows away in the
drains since there is little being done to stop it.Instead of proposing ideas
like new dams,political leaders should concentrate on water conservation and
rainwater harvesting.Unfortunately,few people are coming forward to explore the
option," said Bharatiya Janata Party corporator Medha Kulkarni.She added,"We
have submitted a proposal to the civic administration to make the tax rebate 10%
so that more people come forward and implement rainwater harvesting measures.The
proposal will soon be sent to the standing committee," she said.The city has 7.2
lakh registered properties.During 2011-12,only 1,500 property owners had
undertaken rainwater harvesting.The civic body has made rooftop rainwater
harvesting mandatory for all new buildings that have come up since 2007.The
civic body checks if the rooftop systems are implemented before issuing the
mandatory no-objection certificates (NOC) to new buildings.Rainwater harvesting
expert Col (retd) Shashikant Dalvi said there should be regular inspections of
buildings before NOCs are issued."Urbanisation has adversely affected the
natural percolation rate of rainwater.With surface water (rivers) already
polluted and no efforts being made to recharge groundwater,Pune is heading for
worse water crises," he added."Use of treated water for cleaning
vehicles,gardening and for other non-drinking purposes is a cause for
concern.Instead,rainwater collected on rooftops could be used for this
purpose.Old properties in the city too should be asked to harvest rainwater,"
Dalvi said.State govt could fund projects Getting the dedicated funds for the
rainwater harvesting will be possible soon.The proposal to allot funds
exclusively to carry out rainwater harvesting projects in city has been sent to
the state government."This money will help fund projects in more housing
societies.The standing committee and general body have approved the proposal.Now
we are waiting for the government's decision," said BJP corporator Medha
Kulkarni.HOW HOUSEHOLDS WILL GAIN FROM THE EFFORT Meets household water needs
during periods of scarcity.Rainwater is the purest form of water and doesn't
contain impurities like fluoride or arsenic Increases groundwater availability
through recharge mechanisms Reduces stormwater runoff,preventing flooding and
overloading of sewage treatment plants in cities

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                           November 15, 2011 Tuesday

ADB success rate 51.68 percent in Pakistan

LENGTH: 1347 words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Nov. 15 -- Pakistan received more than $20.89bn in loans since 1966

A total of 293 loans were provided from Concessional Fund

By Sajid Chaudhry

ISLAMABAD: Asian Development Bank (ADB) has assessed, after analysing 151
projects and programmes, as an average project success rate at 51.68 percent in
Pakistan with highest 81.48 percent project success rate in energy sector and
with 15 percent lowest in finance.

In its fact sheet on Pakistan, the ADB has estimated that success rate in
agriculture and natural resources is 57.78 percent with number of rated projects
at 45. The success rate in education sector in Pakistan has been projected at 30
percent with rated projects or programmes at 10 in numbers. The success rate in
energy projects and programmes have been estimated at 81.48 percent and rated
projects 27 in number. The success rate in most key sector of the economy is
finance and success rate in this sector have been projected at only 15 percent
after rating of 19 projects.

Success rate in Health and Social Protection areas have been estimated at 33.33
percent after conducting rating of 9 projects in Pakistan. ADB after conducting
rating of some 10 projects success rate have been recorded at 60 percent for
industry and trade sectors. The success rates that have been recorded at
scrutinising implementation revealed that success rate in Multisector was 25
percent with 4 projects, Public Sector Management success rate at 40 percent
with 5 projects or programmes, Transport and ICT 75 percent with 12 projects and
programmes, success rate in Water Supply and Other Municipal Infrastructure and
Services related projects was estimated at 30 percent with 10 projects.

Cumulative ADB Lending as of December 31, 2010, Agriculture and Natural
Resources $3.355 billion, Education $501.11 million, Energy $4.511 billion,
Finance $3.193 billion, Health and Social Protection $779.40 million, Industry
and Trade $1.119 billion, Public Sector Management $3.015 billion, Transport and
ICT $2.178 million, Water Supply and Other Municipal Infrastructure and Services
$724.50 million Multisector $1.516 million with total lending at 20.894 billion.

Fact Sheet: Pakistan has received more than $20.89 billion in loans since
joining the Asian Development Bank (ADB) in 1966, with more than $15.7 billion
disbursed. A total of 293 loans were provided from the concessional Asian
Development Fund and from ordinary capital resources, with $192 million provided
in grants for more than 300 technical assistance (TA) projects. Pakistan
experienced unprecedented floods in 2010, affecting the entire country and about
20 million people. At the request of the government of Pakistan, ADB and the
World Bank completed a Damage and Needs Assessment, which underpinned medium- to
long-term reconstruction programming.

ADB continued its large-scale lending programme to Pakistan in 2010 with an $800
million disbursement and $700 million in newly approved assistance. The
portfolio contains 30 active loans amounting to $3.3 billion, 27 ongoing loans
of $3.1 billion, and 3 grants totalling $180 million, with most of these
supporting initiatives in energy, social development, governance, and transport
in Pakistan's four provinces.

In 2010, ADB focused on improving country portfolio performance through
quarterly and annual reviews conducted with the government. The approach helped
weed out poorly performing projects, restructure and rectify slow-moving
projects, and prevent automatic extensions of their loan closing date. ADB has
encouraged more frequent field visits to identify and resolve problems early.
Nonetheless, the percentage of loans at risk in Pakistan is still high.
Sustained efforts are required by the government and ADB to strengthen portfolio
performance.

Impact of Assistance: ADB's support to Pakistan builds on the cornerstones of
ADB's strategy, sustainable economic growth, inclusive social delivery, and
pro-poor governance. Between 2004 and 2008, ADB-supported projects built or
upgraded more than 80,000 classrooms and trained more than 145,000 teachers,
benefiting nearly 4 million students in the country. ADB assistance increased
power generation capacity by 1,500 megawatts and installed or upgraded 450
kilometres (km) of transmission lines, bringing electricity to about 1.6 million
households. ADB assistance for transmission is improving the efficiency of the
system, will lead to reduced line losses, and will improve availability of
electricity. ADB helped build or upgrade nearly 1,000 km of roads and highways,
benefiting more than 2 million people. A multitranche financing facility to
support the government's National Trade Corridor Highway Investment Programme
improves key sections of the motorways and expressways, and copes with the
transport infrastructure deficit. The $1 billion Accelerating Economic
Transformation Programme cluster helped Pakistan overcome the impact of the
macroeconomic crises and stabilize the economy, and cushioned the impact on the
poorest by expanding social safety nets. This programme supports the Benazir
Income Support Programme, which covered 1.8 million poor households and
disbursed $281 million in cash transfers in fiscal year (FY) 2009.

ADB's assistance promoted and deepened reforms in energy, agriculture, and
finance. Financing provided by ADB over the past 2 years is part of the
financing framework and balance-of-payments support under the International
Monetary Fund's ongoing Stand-By Arrangement for Pakistan.

ADB support helped install or upgrade 5,900 km of water supply pipes to bring
clean water to more than 161,000 households. In finance, ADB support enabled
nearly 400,000 borrowers to start business or improve existing ones. To support
social development, ADB assistance improved social service delivery in local
government through devolved social service programmes. ADB instrumentalized
support for provincial governance reforms through programmes to improve
efficiency and resource management.

ADB provided $870 million in loans and grants and arranged $97 million in
bilateral grant cofinancing for the ADB-funded Pakistan Earthquake Fund, to
rebuild areas in the Khyber Pukhtoonkhwa and Kashmir hit by the 2005 earthquake.
Under the project, 350 schools and 600 km of destroyed roads have been
reconstructed. The Punjab Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) Programme helped
the province reduce infant and maternal mortality rates through reforms that i)
improved the availability and quality of primary and secondary health services,
ii) improved the management of health service delivery, and iii) developed a
sustainable, pro-poor health care financing system.

The second phase of the Sindh Growth and Rural Revitalization Programme spurs
growth in the province of Sindh, through a new legal, institutional, and
regulatory framework for public?private partnerships. Major programmes approved
in 2010 included Punjab Millennium Development Goals Programme, Subprogramme II
($150 million), Sindh Growth and Rural Revitalization Programme, Subprogramme II
($120 million), Power Distribution and Enhancement Investment Programme, Tranche
II ($242 million).

Cofinancing: Cofinancing operations enable ADB's financing partners, government
or their agencies, multilateral financing institutions, and commercial
organisations, to participate in the financing of ADB projects. The additional
funds are provided in the form of grants, official or commercial loans, and
syndications. As of year-end 2010, cumulative direct value-added cofinancing for
Pakistan amounted to $860.2 million for 37 investment projects and $56.5 million
for 44 TA projects. In 2010, the Uch-II Power Project was provided with $100.0
million commercial cofinancing from the Export-Import Bank of Korea and $90.0
million from the Islamic Development Bank (IsDB) under their cofinancing
framework agreements with ADB. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Times. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Cornish Guardian

                                 March 2, 2011
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Westminster View

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 472 words


HERE we go again. The news that Cornwall's water bills are set to increase (yet
again) could hardly come at a worse time. In Cornwall we're already hit by the
highest bills in the UK - twice those of London - and this won't help
hardworking families struggling to make ends meet.

South West Water (SWW) has increased its prices by a whopping 3.4 per cent
(which, when added to inflation, means a bill hike of 8.1 per cent). For an
unmetered customer this brings the average bill to almost £800, while a metered
customer will be footing an average £424 bill. This is a legacy of the botched
privatisation of the water industry; and it's an expensive legacy for Cornwall
that sticks in the throat. The situation must change. During the election
campaign I pledged to fight for government action and now, as the MP, I've
pushed this issue with ministers and have raised it on the floor of the House of
Commons.

I'm pleased to say that, from the discussions I have had with the Government, I
know that they are committed to reforming the water industry to deliver
affordable bills and sustainable supply for all households and businesses.

The Government will be consulting on proposals to provide more help to
vulnerable and low income households who qualify for the WaterSure "safety net"
tariff. The scheme acts as a "safety net" for metered households in receipt of
qualifying, means-tested benefits or tax credits with either three or more
children under 19 or where a member of the household has a medical condition
which means they need to use a lot of water (for example a weeping skin disease
such as eczema). This year more than 31,000 households in England and Wales are
benefiting from the current WaterSure system which caps bills at the company's
average, but the proposed changes could see 8,500 households in the South West
alone receive reductions of more than £150 a year by switching the cap to the
national average.

Of course, there is still more that can be done and I will be pushing the
Government to continue the reform of our water bills until bills in Cornwall
come into line with those in other parts of the country.

In the meantime, if you are struggling with your bill and the hike announced
this week, there's a couple of things to do.

Firstly, get in contact with SWW's WaterCare programme.

It offers one-to-one personalised advice and assistance on debt relief, grants
and water efficiency. Find out more from www.southwestwater.co.uk Secondly, if
you don't already have a water meter, find out what getting one installed could
do for your bills. About one in three unmetered households in the South West
could save money by installing a free water meter.

Find out if you would save money with a water meter by using the Consumer
Council for Water's free meter calculator at www.ccwater.org.uk/server.

php?show=nav.388

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: COG


                        Copyright 2011 Cornish Guardian
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Cornish Guardian

                                 March 2, 2011
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Westminster View

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 472 words


HERE we go again. The news that Cornwall's water bills are set to increase (yet
again) could hardly come at a worse time. In Cornwall we're already hit by the
highest bills in the UK - twice those of London - and this won't help
hardworking families struggling to make ends meet.

South West Water (SWW) has increased its prices by a whopping 3.4 per cent
(which, when added to inflation, means a bill hike of 8.1 per cent). For an
unmetered customer this brings the average bill to almost £800, while a metered
customer will be footing an average £424 bill. This is a legacy of the botched
privatisation of the water industry; and it's an expensive legacy for Cornwall
that sticks in the throat. The situation must change. During the election
campaign I pledged to fight for government action and now, as the MP, I've
pushed this issue with ministers and have raised it on the floor of the House of
Commons.

I'm pleased to say that, from the discussions I have had with the Government, I
know that they are committed to reforming the water industry to deliver
affordable bills and sustainable supply for all households and businesses.

The Government will be consulting on proposals to provide more help to
vulnerable and low income households who qualify for the WaterSure "safety net"
tariff. The scheme acts as a "safety net" for metered households in receipt of
qualifying, means-tested benefits or tax credits with either three or more
children under 19 or where a member of the household has a medical condition
which means they need to use a lot of water (for example a weeping skin disease
such as eczema). This year more than 31,000 households in England and Wales are
benefiting from the current WaterSure system which caps bills at the company's
average, but the proposed changes could see 8,500 households in the South West
alone receive reductions of more than £150 a year by switching the cap to the
national average.

Of course, there is still more that can be done and I will be pushing the
Government to continue the reform of our water bills until bills in Cornwall
come into line with those in other parts of the country.

In the meantime, if you are struggling with your bill and the hike announced
this week, there's a couple of things to do.

Firstly, get in contact with SWW's WaterCare programme.

It offers one-to-one personalised advice and assistance on debt relief, grants
and water efficiency. Find out more from www.southwestwater.co.uk Secondly, if
you don't already have a water meter, find out what getting one installed could
do for your bills. About one in three unmetered households in the South West
could save money by installing a free water meter.

Find out if you would save money with a water meter by using the Consumer
Council for Water's free meter calculator at www.ccwater.org.uk/server.

php?show=nav.388

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: COG


                        Copyright 2011 Cornish Guardian
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   September 27, 2002 Friday Michigan Edition

Vandalia water project is now ready

BYLINE: By ADAM JACKSON; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 442 words


VANDALIA -- A new system built to bring municipal water to this small village
draws from two wells, can carry 1,000 gallons per minute, and will serve 172
households.

To Vandalia Mayor Beverly Young, those figures add up to protecting the health
of local residents.

"It feels good to reach the end of this project," she said. "There was some
resistance at first, but I think it has all come together."

Those words came at an informal opening ceremony Thursday for the $2.3 million
project, which was funded in part by a $1.7 million grant through the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Rural Development Program.

The remaining $575,000 will be paid over a 40-year period by revenue from water
bills paid by households served by the system.

But officials at the ceremony said the bills will be a small price to pay
compared to the possible cost to residents if the system was not built.

The project was initiated after a 1999 study by the Cass-Van Buren District
Health Department determined that as many as one-quarter of the wells in the
village were contaminated by nitrates, a byproduct of fertilizers and animal
wastes.

The study also showed high levels of E. coli bacteria in some of the wells, a
fact that caused Cass County Commissioner Wendy Elsey, R-Marcellus, to give her
full support to the project.

"When I heard that, I knew that not going through with this project would be
unacceptable," she said. "Not when it became a matter of human health."

Once the project was under way and officials had determined the district to be
served and obtained easements from property owners to install the pipeline,
water tower and pump stations needed for the system, the design and construction
were completed on schedule by Sodus-based Kalin Construction.

Todd MacLean, a USDA Rural Development specialist who worked on the project,
said that it is standard operating procedure to complete projects like the
Vandalia system as quickly as possible.

"Anytime there is a health or safety issue, we put it on the fast track," he
said.

Now that the system is complete, water woes should be a thing of the past for
the 172 homes served. And they may not be the last to benefit.

Tom Deneau, a project manager with Benton Harbor-based engineering firm Wightman
& Associates, said the current well field, along Decatur Road south of Michigan
60, should be plenty to serve any future additions to the system.

"There is more than enough capacity in the first two wells should the system
need to be expanded," he said. "There's even room to add a third well."

Staff writer Adam Jackson

ajackson@sbtinfo.com

(269)687-7001


LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              824 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 13, 2011 Thursday

Spartanburg County using grant money to target failing septic tanks

BYLINE: Stephen Largen, Herald-Journal, Spartanburg, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 521 words


Oct. 13--Spartanburg County is hoping federal grant money will help reduce the
amount of contamination leaking into county streams from failing septic tanks.

Two grant programs can help county residents pay for repairs to their septic
tanks, which -- when failing -- can leach human waste up through the ground and
eventually into creeks and other bodies of water.

Like animal waste, human waste can carry fecal coliform contamination to water
bodies when it's brought by storm water and runoff. Fecal coliform itself
generally does not cause sickness, but it may indicate the presence of sewage
and other disease-causing germs.

All streams in Spartanburg County are contaminated with fecal coliform to some
extent, said Tim Sherbert, the county's stormwater manager. However, he said
this contamination is common in water bodies throughout South Carolina, and that
local water bodies are treated and safe for swimming and recreational
activities.

"It's very typical, and it's due to septic systems and (waste from) wildlife,
particularly geese," Sherbert said. "Different places have different impairment.
It's not really a health threat with the way we treat water right now. We're
just trying to make it better quality water by getting the fecal water coliform
bacteria level down."

That's where the grant funding comes in.

Septic tank owners who live in roughly the northern quarter of the county are
eligible for a federal grant administered by the state Department of Health and
Environmental Control. The eligible area runs from Landrum to Chesnee and then
down just south to Lake Bowen bordering Bible Church Road.

The grant, regardless of household income level, will pay for 60 percent of the
cost of repairing a faulty septic tank.

The second grant is from the federal Community Development Block Grant program
and is specifically designed for lower-income county septic owners who live
outside municipalities. Those who live in municipalities are generally on sewer
systems, which treat water used by customers at treatment plant sites.

For example, city of Spartanburg residents have their water processed at one of
Spartanburg Water's treatment plants, said the company's General Manager Sue
Schneider. Spartanburg Water serves 200,000 people as a major -- or wholesale --
water supplier for Spartanburg, Cherokee, Union and Greenville counties.

The county is using U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development income
guidelines to determine eligibility for the second grant, which will pay up to
100 percent of the cost of a septic tank repair.

The grant programs started around November, and the county has so far repaired
20 septic tanks with another 11 repairs pending.

"It's not been as much as we hoped," said Ron Kirby, the head of the county's
Engineering Department.

The average cost of the septic tank repairs by the county has been $1,600.

To inquire about eligibility and more details on the program, contact Sherbert
at 595-5349.

___ (c)2011 the Spartanburg Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, S.C.) Visit the
Spartanburg Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, S.C.) at www.GoUpstate.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111013-SG-Spartanburg-County-using-grant
-money-to-target-failing-septic-tanks-20111013

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SG


                         Copyright 2011 Herald-Journal


                              825 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            December 14, 2015 Monday

Infrastructure and Rural Finance Support Program (IRFSP)

LENGTH: 257  words


Reference: 1673P
Sector: Agriculture & Agro-Industry
Region: Asia
Amount: US$25,000,000


Approval Date 12/16/2014
Status Ongoing
Borrower: Armenia
Loan Administrator:  OFID
Executing agency: Ministry of Agriculture
Co-financiers: IFAD, IFAD Grant, Gov. of Armenia, OFID, Beneficiaries, RFF
Clients
Total Cost: US$ 52.77 million
Description Aims of this project are to reduce rural poverty and improve the
socio-economic status of the population, especially among women and youth. OFIDs
loan will specifically fund the improvement of rural water supply systems and
irrigation networks. In all, around 78,000 individuals are expected to benefit
from the project.


Works will include development of around 3,200 ha in 35 communities, targeting
poor farmers and rural households. This will be achieved by developing of small
and medium-scale irrigation distributions systems.
Another component will provide households with water supplies for consumption
and agricultural purposes. This will be implemented in close coordination with
water management companies active in rural Armenia.
Project completion date : 2016-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : THE MINISTRY OF AGRICULTURE

Address : 3, Aram Street, Yerevan 0010, Armenia

Country :Armenia
Financier : International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD),The OPEC Fund
for International Development (OFID),

Financier address : OPEC Fund for International Development (ofid)
P.O. Box 995, A-1011
Austria
Telephone: +43-1-515 64-0
Fax: +43-1-513 92 38
Email:info@ofid.org
URL: http://www.ofid.org /

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                           November 15, 2011 Tuesday

ADB success rate 51.68 percent in Pakistan

BYLINE:  Sajid Chaudhry

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 314

LENGTH: 1289  words


Asian Development Bank (ADB) has assessed, after analysing 151 projects and
programmes, as an average project success rate at 51.68 percent in Pakistan with
highest 81.48 percent project success rate in energy sector and with 15 percent
lowest in finance.

In its fact sheet on Pakistan, the ADB has estimated that success rate in
agriculture and natural resources is 57.78 percent with number of rated projects
at 45. The success rate in education sector in Pakistan has been projected at 30
percent with rated projects or programmes at 10 in numbers. The success rate in
energy projects and programmes have been estimated at 81.48 percent and rated
projects 27 in number. The success rate in most key sector of the economy is
finance and success rate in this sector have been projected at only 15 percent
after rating of 19 projects.

Success rate in Health and Social Protection areas have been estimated at 33.33
percent after conducting rating of 9 projects in Pakistan. ADB after conducting
rating of some 10 projects success rate have been recorded at 60 percent for
industry and trade sectors. The success rates that have been recorded at
scrutinising implementation revealed that success rate in Multisector was 25
percent with 4 projects, Public Sector Management success rate at 40 percent
with 5 projects or programmes, Transport and ICT 75 percent with 12 projects and
programmes, success rate in Water Supply and Other Municipal Infrastructure and
Services related projects was estimated at 30 percent with 10 projects.

Pakistan: Cumulative ADB Lending as of December 31, 2010, Agriculture and
Natural Resources $3.355 billion, Education $501.11 million, Energy $4.511
billion, Finance $3.193 billion, Health and Social Protection $779.40 million,
Industry and Trade $1.119 billion, Public Sector Management $3.015 billion,
Transport and ICT $2.178 million, Water Supply and Other Municipal
Infrastructure and Services $724.50 million Multisector $1.516 million with
total lending at 20.894 billion.

Fact Sheet: Pakistan has received more than $20.89 billion in loans since
joining the Asian Development Bank (ADB) in 1966, with more than $15.7 billion
disbursed. A total of 293 loans were provided from the concessional Asian
Development Fund and from ordinary capital resources, with $192 million provided
in grants for more than 300 technical assistance (TA) projects. Pakistan
experienced unprecedented floods in 2010, affecting the entire country and about
20 million people. At the request of the government of Pakistan, ADB and the
World Bank completed a Damage and Needs Assessment, which underpinned medium- to
long-term reconstruction programming.

ADB continued its large-scale lending programme to Pakistan in 2010 with an $800
million disbursement and $700 million in newly approved assistance. The
portfolio contains 30 active loans amounting to $3.3 billion, 27 ongoing loans
of $3.1 billion, and 3 grants totalling $180 million, with most of these
supporting initiatives in energy, social development, governance, and transport
in Pakistan's four provinces.

In 2010, ADB focused on improving country portfolio performance through
quarterly and annual reviews conducted with the government. The approach helped
weed out poorly performing projects, restructure and rectify slow-moving
projects, and prevent automatic extensions of their loan closing date. ADB has
encouraged more frequent field visits to identify and resolve problems early.
Nonetheless, the percentage of loans at risk in Pakistan is still high.
Sustained efforts are required by the government and ADB to strengthen portfolio
performance.

Impact of Assistance: ADB's support to Pakistan builds on the cornerstones of
ADB's strategy, sustainable economic growth, inclusive social delivery, and
pro-poor governance. Between 2004 and 2008, ADB-supported projects built or
upgraded more than 80,000 classrooms and trained more than 145,000 teachers,
benefiting nearly 4 million students in the country.

ADB assistance increased power generation capacity by 1,500 megawatts and
installed or upgraded 450 kilometres (km) of transmission lines, bringing
electricity to about 1.6 million households. ADB assistance for transmission is
improving the efficiency of the system, will lead to reduced line losses, and
will improve availability of electricity. ADB helped build or upgrade nearly
1,000 km of roads and highways, benefiting more than 2 million people.

A multitranche financing facility to support the government's National Trade
Corridor Highway Investment Programme improves key sections of the motorways and
expressways, and copes with the transport infrastructure deficit. The $1 billion
Accelerating Economic Transformation Programme cluster helped Pakistan overcome
the impact of the macroeconomic crises and stabilize the economy, and cushioned
the impact on the poorest by expanding social safety nets. This programme
supports the Benazir Income Support Programme, which covered 1.8 million poor
households and disbursed $281 million in cash transfers in fiscal year (FY)
2009.

ADB's assistance promoted and deepened reforms in energy, agriculture, and
finance. Financing provided by ADB over the past 2 years is part of the
financing framework and balance-of-payments support under the International
Monetary Fund's ongoing Stand-By Arrangement for Pakistan.

ADB support helped install or upgrade 5,900 km of water supply pipes to bring
clean water to more than 161,000 households. In finance, ADB support enabled
nearly 400,000 borrowers to start business or improve existing ones. To support
social development, ADB assistance improved social service delivery in local
government through devolved social service programmes. ADB instrumentalized
support for provincial governance reforms through programmes to improve
efficiency and resource management.

ADB provided $870 million in loans and grants and arranged $97 million in
bilateral grant cofinancing for the ADB-funded Pakistan Earthquake Fund, to
rebuild areas in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Kashmir hit by the 2005 earthquake.
Under the project, 350 schools and 600 km of destroyed roads have been
reconstructed. The Punjab Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) Programme helped
the province reduce infant and maternal mortality rates through reforms that i)
improved the availability and quality of primary and secondary health services,
ii) improved the management of health service delivery, and iii) developed a
sustainable, pro-poor health care financing system.

The second phase of the Sindh Growth and Rural Revitalization Programme spurs
growth in the province of Sindh, through a new legal, institutional, and
regulatory framework for public-private partnerships. Major programmes approved
in 2010 included Punjab Millennium Development Goals Programme, Subprogramme II
($150 million), Sindh Growth and Rural Revitalization Programme, Subprogramme II
($120 million), Power Distribution and Enhancement Investment Programme, Tranche
II ($242 million).

Cofinancing: Cofinancing operations enable ADB's financing partners, government
or their agencies, multilateral financing institutions, and commercial
organisations, to participate in the financing of ADB projects. The additional
funds are provided in the form of grants, official or commercial loans, and
syndications. As of year-end 2010, cumulative direct value-added cofinancing for
Pakistan amounted to $860.2 million for 37 investment projects and $56.5 million
for 44 TA projects. In 2010, the Uch-II Power Project was provided with $100.0
million commercial cofinancing from the Export-Import Bank of Korea and $90.0
million from the Islamic Development Bank (IsDB) under their cofinancing
framework agreements with ADB.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Vouchers help get health goods to those most in need

LENGTH: 409  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



 Distributing health products through a simple voucher system is effective for
screening out people who would otherwise accept but not use the free product, a
study conducted in Kenya reports.

The results inform an ongoing debate about how to get health products to those
who need them most without incurring wastage, ultimately suggesting that
introducing "small hassles" of time and energy may be more effective than
charging money. Many organizations and governments charge a price even for
heavily subsidized goods, like deworming medication and mosquito nets, in an
effort to screen out those who would not use them; however, this approach can
screen out people not just based on how much they will use the product, but also
based on income. Pascaline Dupas and colleagues sought to find an alternative
way to eliminate wastage so that the very poor could still benefit. They tested
three different ways of distributing chlorine water treatment solution, which
can be used to decontaminate drinking water that causes life-threatening
diarrhea. The researchers recruited 1,118 people from waiting rooms of rural
maternal and child health clinics in Kenya. One group was sold the treatment
solution at a partially subsidized price; a second group was given the product
freely; and, for a third group, the solution was given freely to those members
who were willing to walk to a local shop to redeem a voucher every month.
Requiring households to redeem the vouchers every month reduced the amount of
chlorine given out by 60 percentage points compared with the free distribution
group, the researchers found. Yet, the share of households actually using the
chlorine fell by only 1 percentage point: 32.9% of households in the voucher
group had water that tested positive for chlorine, the researchers found in
follow-up studies, compared with 33.9% in the free distribution group. The
voucher system was also effective at screening out 88% of those who would accept
the product under free provision but not treat their water. The results of Dupas
and colleagues suggest that vouchers can dramatically reduce wastage with only
minor reductions in usage. These findings are discussed further in a Perspective
by Benjamin Olken.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The West Briton

                             June 26, 2008 Thursday

Free insulation - it's out there

SECTION: Pg. 57

LENGTH: 188 words


Local people  are concerned about door-to-door salespeople offering grants for
home insulation. Many claim to be selling totally free products, but is there a
catch?

Julia Tibbett, manager of Cornwall's Energy Efficiency Advice Centre says there
really is free insulation available.

"The reality is that the utility companies have agreed to spend millions of
pounds to help cut our fuel bills.

However, many customers have not come forward to claim their share of the money,
so door-to-door "salespeople" have been enlisted to help out.

"If you own your own home or rent from a private landlord, you are eligible for
a grant towards the cost of insulating your loft or cavity walls.

If anyone in the household is over 70 or receives certain benefits, a 100% grant
is available."

But Julia understands why many residents are wary of signing up to anything. "
The Energy Efficiency Advice Centre offers impartial advice on all the schemes
available, including grants for new central heating systems."

For free, impartial advice on household energy efficiency, waste, water,
transport and renewables call the Cornwall EEAC on 0800 512012.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The West Briton
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             June 28, 2011 Tuesday

Two routes suggested for water works

BYLINE: Richard J. Hafey, CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 386 words

DATELINE: PAXTON


A preliminary draft of changes needed for the town's aging water system suggests
two programs for overhauling it - $21.5 million for a complete overhaul, or $1.4
million for "urgent or critical needs."

The overhaul "is not economically feasible using only water rate revenue," the
report says, but critical needs "may be economically feasible using only water
rate revenue."

"Even if (the complete overhaul were) implemented over a 50-year period," the
report continues, "the necessary annual cost increases of $380,000 per year
represent more than a 50 percent water rate increase each year, which obviously
is not economically feasible for the town's small customer base."

Paxton "faces many capital improvement (water system) needs that are not
economically feasible" without revenue sources outside the customer database, it
says.

The report was made by Tighe & Bond, consulting engineers and environmental
specialists from Westfield, and was financed by a $7,500 state grant. Selectmen
have received copies, but have not discussed it.

The need for overhauling the water system and its 23 miles of cast iron water
mains has been repeatedly pointed out by Water Board Chairman John F. Malone.

Mr. Malone, who is also on the Board of Selectmen, has said the decades-old
water pipes, which are constantly breaking, are seriously in need of
replacement.

Replacing those pipes and repairs represent the bulk of the $21.5 million
overhaul.

The report notes three sources of funding to meet those costs: property tax
rate, water rates and loan and grant programs.

However, it continues, Paxton does not use property tax revenue to fund the
Water Department; the department is an enterprise fund operation supported by
water rates.

"Paxton does not meet the criteria for grants because its median household
income (is) higher than the statewide average.

"It is clear that Paxton will need to find sources of grant funding," the draft
report says.

"The recommended approach is to prioritize those improvements that are urgent
and/or critical, and then plan for an implementation schedule that can be
supported by affordable water rate increases," according to the report. "All
others must be deferred until an alternative source of funding becomes
available."

A complete report of the study is expected soon for consideration by the town.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                              June 9, 2015 Tuesday

Corporate welfare costs households $752

BYLINE: Hamish Rutherford

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 353 words


Government spending on "corporate welfare" jumped by more than $150 million in
the latest Budget, a new report claims.

Today the Taxpayers' Union releases its report on the Budget, saying that
subsidies for the private sector in the latest Budget came to $1.34 billion.

The report, Any new kids at the trough?, says the spending amounts to $752 a
household a year, up from $663 a year ago.

The biggest spending was on KiwiRail, the state-owned rail company, which
received $239m simply to keep the network running.

Finance Minister Bill English defended the spending, which came from funds set
aside from state asset sales, but admitted that the operation needed to change.

"I think we imagined three or four years ago that by now, KiwiRail wouldn't
require so much ongoing investment," English said on Budget day, calling the
level of top- up required to keep the rail company going "unsustainable".

"KiwiRail's made some huge strides in its efficiency and productivity but it's
still got some way to go."

The Taxpayers' Union said that the fastest growing area of corporate welfare was
agriculture, with an increase in grants to agriculture businesses wanting to
install irrigation.

Budget documents estimate that $99.8m will be directed towards the Crown
Irrigation Fund, a co-investment fund for irrigation schemes, on which the Crown
hopes to make a commercial return.

The Government is committed to investing in irrigation. In April, Federated
Farmers president William Rolleston called for more Crown funding to be given
for water storage, claiming it could help solve future disputes between farmers
and Maori over water rights.

Responding, Primary Industries Minister Nathan Guy said the lack of water
storage was "wasteful".

"There is potential for an extra 420,000 hectares of land across New Zealand to
be irrigated by 2025," he said. "The Government is committed to look at ways to
help realise this potential."

Jordan Williams, executive director of the Taxpayers' Union, said the report
showed an ongoing unwillingness by the Government to walk away from failing
businesses as well as subsidising private investment.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                              June 30, 2002 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

It's time to crack open the piggy bank

BYLINE: FRANK WALKER, and FIA CUMMING

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 505 words


RATEPAYERS, motorists, train and bus commuters, and family households will have
to dig a bit deeper into their pockets from tomorrow with the start of the new
financial year.

Fines for talking on a mobile phone while driving will more than double in NSW
from tomorrow.

The Roads and Traffic Authority says that from July 1 fines for this offence
will increase from $102 to $220. The authority says drivers caught talking on
their mobile phone will lose three points from their licence as well.

Fines for offences on pedestrian crossings will increase from $109 $320to.

The Government granted a 3.3 per cent rate rise to councils about $30 a year to
the average household but many councils are seeking increases that would add
$100 more to the rates bill.

Local Government Minister Harry Woods will examine more than 20 applications for
special increases from councils over the next few weeks.

Councils claim the 3.3pc increase will be used up by the extra cost of public
liability insurance.

Local Government Association finance policy officer Sean McBride said some
councils were facing up to40pc increases in their insurance costs.

Hunters Hill wants an 11pc increase, adding $100 to the average bill. Randwick
wants 9.3pc, Port Stephens 10pc, Rockdale 8.2pc, Byron Bay 8.3pc, Penrith 8.1pc
and Wagga Wagga 12.3pc.

Household electricity bills rise 2pc to a maximum of $25 a year from August 1.

Water goes up 1.8pc, an average of $1 a month. Gas goes up by about $2 a month.

Public transport fares rise 2pc. Most rail fares go up 40¢, bus fares 10¢, while
TravelTen passes rise about 50¢.

Taxis, private bus and ferry fares will jump even higher. Private bus fares go
up 4.18pc and ferries 5pc. Taxis go up 4.6pc in the city and 4pc in the country.

Police can impose on-the-spot fines for minor offences such as shoplifting and
offensive language.

The start of the new financial year marks the end of the expanded first home
owner grant scheme, and the beginning of a raft of other federal measures.

From tomorrow, the $10,000 grant for those buying new homes will be reduced to
$7,000, the same grant available to first home buyers purchasing an existing
dwelling.

Almost 250,000 families with new babies will be able to claim a baby bonus of up
to $2,500.

From tomorrow, the Super for Life policy will enable parents to make
contributions to superannuation for their children.

Low-income earners who put money into super will also be eligible for a
dollar-for-dollar contribution, up to $1,000, from the Government.

Passports go up $5 to $144.

D-DAY FOR HIGHER FINES, FARES AND PRICES

* Fines for talking on a mobile phone while driving, up from $102 to $220.

* Council rates up 3.3 per cent, or about $30 a year.

* Household electricity up 2pc to a maximum of $25 a year.

* Water prices up 1.8pc, or about $1 a month.

* Gas prices up by about $2 a month.

* Public transport fares rise by 2pc.

* Taxi fares rise by 4.6pc in the city and 4pc in the country.

* Police can impose on-the-spot fines for minor offences such as shoplifting and
offensive language.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2002 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                October 23, 1995

No additional charges for desludging work by IWK

BYLINE: By Zulkifli Shukor

SECTION: National; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 476 words

DATELINE: Taiping


TAIPING, Sun. - Owners of household premises have been told that no
additional charges would be incurred for desludging work conducted by
Indah Water Konsortium Sdn Bhd (IWK) under the national privatised
sewerage project agreement between the Government and IWK.

They have been told to submit written complaints to the Housing and
Local Government Ministry's special committee on sewerage billing if they
are billed for anything else other than the agreed terms of between RM2
and RM10 per household.

The reminders were issued by Minister Datuk Dr Ting Chew Peh when told
that IWK officials had informed some residents here that each household
would be charged up to RM180 for desludging work and another RM2 for their
water meter, apart from their normal sewerage bills.

These explanations were given by IWK officials during a recent dialogue
with several Taman Kampung Dew Barat residents here.

"Under the gazetted billing structure agreed between the Government and
IWK, each household would only be billed for between RM2 and RM10 because
this billing structure is already naturally subsidised by the Government.

"This billing structure also includes charges for desludging work and
other IWK services and households are not required to pay anything else
for these services.

"I am surprised over the IWK officials' explanation that an additional
fee of RM180 for desludging work and RM2 for the water meter would also be
charged.

"This is something new to me and I advise those affected to submit their
complaints to the special committee," he told reporters after the Lions
Club of Taiping installation dinner here last night.

Ting said at the same time he had also advised IWK to conduct more
publicity programmes to explain their billing structure and services - as
agreed between the Government and IWK - to the consumers.

He added that following several complaints about excessive sewerage
bills, the Government had also agreed to approve discounts of 40 percent
for the first year of IWk services and 10 per cent less for each of the
following two years for commercial and industrial premises.

"All these are meant to ease the burden of the consumers.

"The sewerage privatisation project was planned for the good of everyone
and included major considerations on the country's future sanitation,
protection of the environment and public health. It should therefore be
accepted in good faith."

On the decision to repeal the Rent Control Act, Ting said the Government
had in principle agreed to abolish the outdated Act and was working out
details before a definite decision can be announced.

This, he added, was because after the abolition of the Act, solutions
needed to be found to resolve problems that tenants - especially sub-
tenants - of premises subjected to the Act could face.


LOAD-DATE: March 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 1995 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              833 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 5, 2014 Wednesday

USPTO grants trade mark "COMFORTFLOW" to KYUNGDONG NAVIEN CO., LTD. CORPORATION
(REPUBLIC OF KOREA)

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


KYUNGDONG NAVIEN CO., LTD. CORPORATION (REPUBLIC OF KOREA), has been granted
trademark (4491977) titled as "COMFORTFLOW" from the United States Patent and
Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 011. US 013 021 023 031 034. G & S: Gas boilers; Gas water heaters;
Residential gas boilers; Boilers for household purposes; Household electric
radiant heaters; Industrial hot water heating apparatus; Industrial steam
heating apparatus; Heating boilers for the water supply; Flues for heating
boilers; Heating boiler pipes; Heating installations; Heating installations for
boiler tubes; Heating elements; Heating boilers; Hot-air space heating
apparatus; Gas-fired heaters; Radiators; Industrial boilers; Laundry utility
boilers; Instantaneous water heaters; Heat pumps; Electric space heaters;
Thermostatic valves; Steam accumulators; Air conditioners; Regenerative heat
exchangers; Solar water heaters; Gas stoves; Electric heaters for residential
use; Electric radiators; Ventilators for heating and cooling applications;
Air-conditioning ventilation installations and apparatus; Gas ranges; Gas
burners. FIRST USE: 20120928.

Filing

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   York Press

                            October 14, 2008 Tuesday

Here comes the sun, Selby

BYLINE: Gavin Aitchison

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS (P NEWS LOCAL)

LENGTH: 342 words


HOMEOWNERS looking to beat recent energy price rises can now get a grant from
the council for installing money-saving solar panels.

Selby District Council is working alongside the Energy Partnership to offer the
grants for the solar-powered hot water systems, reducing their cost by between a
quarter and a third.

The solar systems sit on the roof of properties, collecting energy from the
sun's radiation. A transfer system uses this energy to heat water for the house,
providing up to 60 per cent of an average home's hot water needs.

Energy Partnership manager Josephine Leffler said the group was offering grants
of £1,000 towards the systems, which usually cost between £3,500 and £4,000,
including installation.

She said: "The solar hot water systems are environmentally friendly and have
great potential for saving money, particularly in households that have high hot
water demand, such as families where children go in the bath every day.

"The system will also appeal to people who genuinely care about using greener
energy and want to produce their own hot water from a renewable source. Sunshine
is a natural source of energy, it's free and clean."

The partnership has £40,000 to use for the grants. Anyone living in Selby
district can apply.

Ms Leffler said the money came from private company contributions to the Energy
Partnership and not from local authority funds.

Coun Chris Metcalfe, chairman of the district council's environment board, said
the scheme was part of the authority's commitment to championing a reduction in
greenhouse gases and combating climate change.

"The council has set out its commitment to support residents to reduce their
carbon footprints, and this is a great opportunity for people who want to use
renewable energy in their own home," he said.

"Although this requires an initial investment, it could be a way of combating
the soaring price of gas and electricity in the long-term."

Anyone interested in the solar heating system grants should phone the Energy
Saving Trust advice centre on 0800 512012 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           August 24, 2011 Wednesday

Dublin to expand its recycled water use

BYLINE: By Robert Jordan Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 417 words


Purple pipes are expected to snake their way into central Dublin starting in the
summer of 2012.

The Dublin San Ramon Services District received a $1.13 million grant Wednesday
from a state program that will help the special district expand the
infrastructure for its current recycled water system to serve areas near Wells
Middle School and Dublin High School.

Recycled water would be used to irrigate lawns at parks, schools and other
public land in one of the oldest sections of the city.

"Why waste precious potable water on watering the lawn?" said Sue Stephenson,
Dublin San Ramon Services District's community affairs supervisor. "This is the
right kind of water for that."

The expanded system is expected to reduce the amount of drinking water used for
irrigation by 70 million gallons per year.

The California Department of Water Resources grant funds roughly a quarter of
the $4.6 million project. The district is seeking additional grants, including
federal ones, to help cover the remaining costs. Construction is expected to
start in the summer of 2012 and create between 91 and 138 temporary construction
jobs, Stephenson said.

The district -- which provides drinking water and sewer service to Dublin and
the Dougherty Valley and sewer service to Pleasanton and parts of San Ramon --
has 55 miles of recycled water pipes that serve 60 customers at 224 locations in
Dublin and San Ramon. The agency first began using recycled water at the Dublin
Sports Ground in 1999.

In 2006, it formed a partnership with the East Bay Municipal Utility District
called the San Ramon Valley Recycled Water Program, which delivers recycled
water to Dublin and San Ramon.

The program delivered 714 million gallons of recycled water in 2010, saving
enough drinking water to meet the needs of 6,075 families a year. The average
family household uses an average of 322 gallons per day.

The district has also received two grants totaling more than $400,000 to help
fund studies into expanding the district's recycled water program. A $253,400
grant was awarded earlier this month to study the possibility of expanding to
central Dublin. In May, the district was awarded a $150,000 grant to explore
expanding its recycling system to Camp Parks, Santa Rita Jail, the Federal
Correctional Institution and areas west of Interstate 680.

Currently, no recycled water is delivered by the San Ramon Valley Recycled Water
Program to areas west of I-680.

Contact Robert Jordan at 925-847-2184. Follow him at Twitter.com/robjordan127 .

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           August 24, 2011 Wednesday

Dublin to expand its recycled water use

BYLINE: By Robert Jordan Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 417 words


Purple pipes are expected to snake their way into central Dublin starting in the
summer of 2012.

The Dublin San Ramon Services District received a $1.13 million grant Wednesday
from a state program that will help the special district expand the
infrastructure for its current recycled water system to serve areas near Wells
Middle School and Dublin High School.

Recycled water would be used to irrigate lawns at parks, schools and other
public land in one of the oldest sections of the city.

"Why waste precious potable water on watering the lawn?" said Sue Stephenson,
Dublin San Ramon Services District's community affairs supervisor. "This is the
right kind of water for that."

The expanded system is expected to reduce the amount of drinking water used for
irrigation by 70 million gallons per year.

The California Department of Water Resources grant funds roughly a quarter of
the $4.6 million project. The district is seeking additional grants, including
federal ones, to help cover the remaining costs. Construction is expected to
start in the summer of 2012 and create between 91 and 138 temporary construction
jobs, Stephenson said.

The district -- which provides drinking water and sewer service to Dublin and
the Dougherty Valley and sewer service to Pleasanton and parts of San Ramon --
has 55 miles of recycled water pipes that serve 60 customers at 224 locations in
Dublin and San Ramon. The agency first began using recycled water at the Dublin
Sports Ground in 1999.

In 2006, it formed a partnership with the East Bay Municipal Utility District
called the San Ramon Valley Recycled Water Program, which delivers recycled
water to Dublin and San Ramon.

The program delivered 714 million gallons of recycled water in 2010, saving
enough drinking water to meet the needs of 6,075 families a year. The average
family household uses an average of 322 gallons per day.

The district has also received two grants totaling more than $400,000 to help
fund studies into expanding the district's recycled water program. A $253,400
grant was awarded earlier this month to study the possibility of expanding to
central Dublin. In May, the district was awarded a $150,000 grant to explore
expanding its recycling system to Camp Parks, Santa Rita Jail, the Federal
Correctional Institution and areas west of Interstate 680.

Currently, no recycled water is delivered by the San Ramon Valley Recycled Water
Program to areas west of I-680.

Contact Robert Jordan at 925-847-2184. Follow him at Twitter.com/robjordan127 .

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        San Marcos Daily Record (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 21, 2009 Tuesday

Weatherization funds go through the roof

BYLINE: Anita Miller, San Marcos Daily Record, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 577 words


Apr. 21--SAN MARCOS -- Local social service authorities say the number of
households that will receive weatherization assistance this year and next is
about to skyrocket because of increased federal funding.

According to Congressman Lloyd Doggett's office, Community Action Agency (CAA)
which administers funding for nine Central Texas counties, has a budget of $3.7
million for the two-year budget cycle that started April 1, compared to $227,389
in 2008.

That will allow CAA to hire contractors to add insulation, seal leaks and
modernize air conditioning equipment for 30 to 50 homes each month, compared to
63 weatherized last year.

"With these recovery funds, we will be able to weatherize over 300 more homes
this year than last year," said Rhoda Gersch, CAA's executive director.

"Not only will the households conserve energy, giving the family more disposable
income, but, the contractor completing the work will employ 18 more persons who
were in danger of or had been laid off."

Gersch added that a second contractor might even be needed.

The funds are solely for economically disadvantaged households, for example, a
family of four with an income of less than $44,000 or an individual with an
income of less than $21,000 who have not previously received weatherization aid.

Doggett's office said there is $2.6 million in weatherization assistance for San
Marcos and Hays County residents.

A separate grant, $498,100 from the the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
for investments in energy efficiency, is going to the city of San Marcos under
the Energy Efficiency and Conservation Block Grant program.

Doggett's office said those funds will be for "energy audits and energy
efficiency retrofits in residential and commercial buildings, the development
and implementation of advanced building codes and inspections, and the creation
of financial incentive programs for energy efficiency improvements."

Other activities eligible for use of grant funds include "transportation
programs that conserve energy, projects to reduce and capture methane and other
greenhouse gas emissions from landfills, renewable energy installations on
government buildings, energy efficient traffic signals and street lights,
deployment of Combined Heat and Power and district heating and cooling systems,
and others."

The funding is important to the city, Council Member Chris Jones said.

"One of the issues we discuss on the Council is ensuring homes are affordable so
our residents can stay in them. These additional federal monies will provide
funding for needed energy efficiency upgrades in homes and offices, which will
result in lower electric, gas and water bills for our neighbors."

"This recovery money means more jobs and lower energy bills," Doggett said.
"These funds not only help improve the quality of life for our local families,
but are another source of work in a tightening economy. The additional federal
funding means that workers in Central Texas can weatherize nearly 10 times as
many homes as they were able to last year."

To see more of the San Marcos Daily Record or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.sanmarcosrecord.com. Copyright (c) 2009, San Marcos Daily Record,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090421-XF-Weatherization-funds-go-through-the-roof-0421

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XF


                                 Copyright 2009


                              838 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Market Rasen Mail

                            August 21, 2012 Tuesday

How to avoid the big bills

LENGTH: 333  words


RISING energy costs is a fact everyone is aware of, although very few of us
actually choose to do anything about it.

Analysts recently warned that householders could be facing a 50 per cent rise in
their gas and electricity bills over the next four years.

Broker Deutsche Bank confirmed that typical household bills could leap by £500 a
year by 2015 as suppliers pass on the costs of rising wholesale prices.

So what can be done to avoid these rises? The answer is more obvious than it
seems - reduce the amount of electricity and gas that has to be bought from the
grid.

There are numerous technologies available on the market which can help you
generate your own energy at home.

Previously these have been extremely costly and only for people with a burning
desire to be green', however with recent price decreases as the technology has
developed, coupled with the rising household bills seen, these technologies are
becoming a must for everyone.

Solar PV Panels is one technology that has received its fair share of bad press
due to Government blunders over the incentive schemes for it. However, it is
still actually a very wise investment.

A typical system can help generate around half of an average household's
electricity consumption and the owner can still get over £600 per year in tax
free indexed linked income from incentives and export payments.

What about hot water though? Well, there is a variation on the electric PV
Panels called Solar Thermal Panels. These use the energy from the sun to heat
hot water within your cylinder during the day, which is then stored for use as
and when required.

This type of system effectively provides you will constant free hot water!

It is clear that generating our own energy at home is something we should all be
considering. Not only is there currently grants and incentives available to
install these technologies, but we will be protecting ourselves from the
constantly rising energy prices which are only set to get worse over the coming
years.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MMRP


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              839 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            August 6, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Government attacks Eurostat's 'grossly erroneous' research

BYLINE: Philip Ryan ; Paul Melia

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 727 words


THE Government has accused Eurostat of misrepresenting "fundamental issues of
fact" when it ruled that Irish Water's borrowings must remain on the State's
balance sheet.

The Coalition has told the Central Statistic Office (CSO) to immediately clarify
26 serious concerns that it has with the decision handed down by the European
statistical agency last week.

Official correspondence sent from the Department of the Environment to the CSO
last Friday attacked what it calls "grossly erroneous" research used by
Eurostat.

The hard-hitting letter, which has been seen by the Irish Independent, robustly
defends the independence of Irish Water and insists it is a stand-alone company
which is not controlled by the Government. The letter was sent a week after
Eurostat caused huge embarrassment for the Coalition when it ruled that any
money borrowed by the controversial utility had to be recorded on the State's
balance sheet.

However, Environment Minister Alan Kelly's officials accused the agency of
making its ruling using research littered with basic errors.

In one instance, it notes that Eurostat used inaccurate figures around the
charge for a single adult household and the penalties which will be applied if
people refuse to pay. It also finds fault with the suggestion that the majority
of water staff are employed by Irish Water and insists that the (EURO)100
conservation grant is not a direct payment to the company as all houses are
entitled to the payment and not just Irish Water customers.

Referring to Eurostat's insistence that Irish Water is essentially a
"reorganised" local authority water system, the letter states: "This totally
ignores the massive transformation and reform programme underpinning the
transfer from the local government sector to a regulated utility, supported by
the introduction of charges for domestic water consumption."

It also says Eurostat is "incorrect" to state that most Irish Water staff are
local authority employees, adding that it is "grossly erroneous" to assert that
local authorities retain control of the network.

Among the reasons why Irish Water failed the Eurostat test was that the agency
believes the Government exerts too much control over the company.

Crucially, Eurostat also ruled that less than 51pc of Irish Water's revenue
stream would come from domestic and commercial customers who paid for their
water.

This means it could not be considered a "market corporation" independent of the
State. The ruling means that investment in the water network will have to be
approved by the Government.

It also means that upgrades will compete with schools, hospitals and roads for
capital investment.

In the Department of the Environment's letter to the CSO, officials argue that
the Commission for Energy Regulation has the final say in how Irish Water
spends, despite Eurostat claiming it is government-run.

It also takes issue with the agency's assertion that the Government has too much
control over Irish Water's board appointments and argues that it is only
accountable to Ervia.

It also points out that the number of Irish Water customers expected to "beat
the cap" is closer to 40pc than the 30pc stated in Eurostat's research.

Eurostat last night defended its ruling on Irish Water.

"Eurostat's advice on Irish Water is based on the information provided by the
Central Statistics Office of Ireland to date," a spokesperson said.

Statistical agency's 'inaccuracies' ? The number of Irish Water customers
expected to "beat the cap" is closer to 40pc, rather than the 30pc stated by
Eurostat.

? Late penalties stated by Eurostat are incorrect - rates are (EURO)30 for a
single person with both waste and water services, and (EURO)60 for households,
not the (EURO)15 and (EURO)30 stated by Eurostat.

? The (EURO)130 conservation grant is not a payment to Irish Water, as Eurostat
claimed, as non-Irish Water customers are entitled to the grant.

? Eurostat "totally ignores" the massive transformation programme when stating
that Irish Water is a "reorganised" local authority.

? The Commission for Energy Regulation has the final say in how Irish Water
spends its revenue, despite Eurostat claiming that it is Government-run.

? It is "grossly erroneous" to suggest that local authorities are continuing to
run water services. The Government says Irish Water is responsible for how it
spends money and controls its assets.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alan Kelly

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Sunday Tribune (Ireland)

                               September 24, 2006

Insulate your home and pocket as household energy prices heat up

BYLINE: Niall Brady

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 918 words


Many household budgets will be strained to bursting point this winter as the
cost of heating and lighting our homes does through the roof.

Gas prices will soar 34% from next week, sending the average annual bill to
EUR1,208 from EUR902. From January, the ESB will add to the pressure by jacking
up electricity prices 20%, with the average bill going to EUR150 every two
months from EUR126 at present.

Coming on top of soaring mortgage costs - two more interest rate hikes expected
before Christmas - households across the country will have to dig a lot deeper
just to keep a roof over their heads.

The energy crisis is sure to spark renewed interest in the government's greener
homes scheme, which gives generous grants to households to switch to "free"
energy sources, helping them escape from the spiralling cost of gas and
electricity.

The government will even pick up part of the tab, paying EUR4,200 towards the
cost of installing a boiler that burns wood chips or pellets and EUR6,500 for a
state-of-the-art system that harnesses the earth's natural heat. The Green Party
is so taken with the idea that it is urging home owners to use their maturing
SSIAs to pay for the other installation costs not covered by the government's
grants.

However, heat conservation experts warn that most people risk squandering all
the benefits of green energy because their homes are literally leaking cash,
with about one-third of the warmth generated by a typical central heating system
escaping through the roof, ceiling and walls.

"The first thing you should do is limit the amount of energy you need," says
Jeff Colley, editor of Construct Ireland. "That means insulation, making your
home as air tight as possible while maintaining proper ventilation. Once you've
sorted this out, your energy needs will be minimalised, so that you'll need far
fewer solar panels or a lower-specification boiler."

Colley believes the whole greener homes schemes is fundamentally flawed. "Grants
are absolutely the wrong approach," he says. "All they do is drive up prices
because people think they are getting free money from the government. The
government should cut VAT on green energy materials instead rather than having a
free-for-all by handing out grants."

The attic should be the first stop when insulating your home says Michael
Hanratty of Energy Action, a charity that fights fuel poverty among the elderly.

"Some of the most significant energy conservation steps are also the cheapest,"
says Hanratty. "Loft insulation costs about EUR10 per square metre and should
pay for itself in two to four years."

Even if the job has been done already, it is still worthwhile having the
insulation topped up. "If your attic hasn't been done in the last couple of
years, it could probably benefit from additional insulation," he says. There is
no need to throw out the old loft insulation, just lay the new material on top,
he says.

After the attic, the next step is to tackle the walls. Cavity wall insulation is
one of the most cost-effective improvements and will pay for itself within a few
years by cutting heat loss by up to 20%. Because you only get one shot at the
job, it is important not to scrimp on cost by opting for cheaper materials says
Paul Gilmartin of Ecobead, a company specialising in cavity wall insulation.

Taking about half a day and using top-of-the-range material such as platinum
polystyrene bead, Gilmartin estimates that the job should cost EUR950-EUR1,200
for a typical bungalow, EUR1,000 for a threebedroom, semi-detached house, or
EUR1,200 for a four-bed semi.

The job becomes a lot trickier if you have an older house with solid walls or if
your walls are built of cavity block. Gilmartin warns the home owners should be
wary of contractors who claim to have quick-fix solutions to the problems
presented by cavity block, a cheaper form of construction common in Dublin and
the east coast.

"There are one or two cowboys who suggest you can insulate cavity block - you
can't," he says. "Your only alternative is external insulation which is a big
job and could cost EUR10,000 for a threebed semi. Or you could go for internal
insulation by dry-lining on the inside room-byroom." The downside is that the
room will have to be extensively renovated and there will also be an inevitable
loss of space.

As well as being good for the environment, money spent on energy-proofing home
can also be financially rewarding. According to one analysis, EUR8,000 spent on
better insulation and installing green energy sources could knock as much as
EUR1,200 a year off your heating and lighting bills. To make the same sort of
return from a bank account, you would need to have about EUR40,000 on deposit.

WHERE IS HEAT LOST IN THE HOME?

ATTIC

Up to 20% of heat lost from a home is lost through the roof. Effective attic
insulation can pay for itself within two to three years.

HOT WATER CYLINDER

A lagging jacket on the hot water cylinder will keep water hotter for longer and
pay for itself within a few months. WINDOWS

For a given area of wall or window, a window will allow up to eight times more
heat to escape.

WALLS

As much as one quarter of the heat lost from a house can be lost through the
walls. Properly insulating walls can reduce this by two-thirds.

DRAUGHTS

Badly fitting windows and external doors can account for more than one-sixth of
heat loss.

GROUND FLOOR

Heat loss to the ground depends on several factors, including floor type,
whether house is one or two-storey, nature of soil and terraced or detached
construction.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Sunday Tribune plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             June 27, 1997, Friday

Cumberland Manors opposes reclaimed water

BYLINE: TIM GRANT

SECTION: NORTH OF TAMPA; CARROLLWOOD; NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 510 words

DATELINE: CARROLLWOOD



Of the six communities along Bellamy Road that were offered reclaimed water,
Cumberland Manors was the only subdivision to consider the issue seriously.

Now Cumberland Manors has become the first community in northwest  Hillsborough
County to vote against installing reclaimed water lines in the  neighborhood.

"It's kind of disappointing to me that we turned it down because it won't  be
offered again," said Dale Russell, former president of Cumberland Manor's
homeowner's association.

"The county isn't going to put that money in the bank and wait for us to  change
our minds. It will be allocated elsewhere," he said.

The other five communities did not even consider the county's offer.

A recent vote indicated that 32 Cumberland Manors residents  favored  reclaimed
water, 113 were against it and 101 people chose not to take a  position.

"People in our community tended to see it as black and white," said  reclaimed
water opponent Sara Hathaway, who is president of the homeowner's  association.

"It was very difficult to see other people's point of view if you took a  stance
on the topic. I think the reason for that is it's so expensive and a 51  percent
vote would have bound the whole community."

Reclaimed water could have benefited some homeowners by lowering their  water
bills over time. However, homeowners who do not water their lawns  regularly
would see little savings, if any.

Reclaimed water is treated sewage water used only in lawn sprinkler  systems.
The Community Investment Tax has enabled the county to extend  reclaimed-water
mains to communities like Cumberland Manors, although  communities must still
pay for the lines to their neighborhoods.

Those who opposed the project in Cumberland Manors had several reasons, but  the
No. 1 reason was cost.

The project would have cost $ 7,000 per household during a 20 year period,
bringing monthly water bills up to an estimated $ 95 per household.

Also, the only way to take advantage of reclaimed water is to hook water  lines
to an underground water sprinkler system, and most residents in that  community
do not have them.

The county offered Cumberland Manors residents unlimited water use for $ 5 a
month, beyond the cost of the equipment, but Hathaway said the county reserved
the right to hook up a meter and charge for each gallon, which could have
increased the cost even more.

County reclaimed water representative Jim Holland said Cumberland Manors is  the
first community in northwest Hillsborough County to vote down reclaimed  water,
although it has been turned down in parts of Bloomingdale and Sun City.

He said the county has calculated that  to make the investment worthwhile,  a
community should be using at least 10,000 gallons a month. Cumberland Manors
uses 8,000 gallons a month.

In the future, Holland said the county will only offer reclaimed water to  those
communities that  use  10,000 gallons a month or more.

If you have a story about West Carrollwood, call Tim Grant at 226-3471.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: NORTH OF TAMPA

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              842 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            March 11, 2006 Saturday

Talking Filthy in Flint: Grant may be solution to sewage problem

BYLINE: Chris Paschenko, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1405 words


Mar. 11--And up through the ground came a bubbling crude.     Sewage, that is,
not the black gold or Texas tea of "The Beverly Hillbillies" lore.     Sewage is
a familiar smell at Flint, which Decatur annexed in 1991 largely because
residents were concerned about paying for a pricey sewer system.     Although
Decatur connected sewerage to some residents, many are still without it, giving
Flint the distinction of having the largest concentration of homes with failing
septic tanks in Morgan County, a health official said.

With a creek nearby, Flint's low-lying, often-saturated clay soil isn't suitable
for septic tanks, said Fred Vengrouskie, a supervisor for the county Health
Department.     "It's costly to put a septic system in," Vengrouskie said, "And
generally the soil is so bad that there's no guarantee it will work. The land
shouldn't have been built on to begin with."     Residents here sought sewerage
relief from overflowing septic tanks before voting to annex into Decatur.
Pete Staggs said he moved into his circa 1940s home in 1991, unaware of the
area's septic tank problems.     "I keep lime underneath my house and over my
septic tank pit," Staggs said. "I burn candles to deal with the odor. We can't
have cookouts."     Vengrouskie said a 2002 study identified 54 problem septic
tanks at Flint, down from 72 in 1988. Recent sewerage additions reduced the
number to 29, he said.     Because Flint residents have a pressurized city water
supply, Vengrouskie said, it is unlikely sewage will contaminate their drinking
water.     "It's more of a health concern than an environmental concern,"
Vengrouskie said. "There are so many diseases from A to Z from coming in contact
with raw sewage. We're trying to eliminate an outbreak. It hasn't happened yet
to my knowledge. I'm sure some people have felt bad at times."     Vengrouskie
said children usually suffer the most from contacting raw sewage, because they
frequently put their unwashed hands in their mouths.     Resident Glenn Dugger
said he didn't know of the septic-tank issue when he moved into his Minor Hill
Road home 13 years ago. He said he hasn't noticed his family suffering from
unusual health concerns.     "I have to have the system pumped every three to
four months," Dugger said. "It usually costs around $300. When you flush the
toilets, you never know. It backs into the house, too. During the summer the
whole neighborhood smells like a sewer. It will be really nice, and a breeze
will blow and you'll catch a strong odor."     Staggs said he paid the city more
than $5,000 to run sewer lines to his Mill Road home about three years ago, but
the city returned his money six months later.     "They said there was not
enough interest," Staggs said. "They came back and said they would have to have
more money from me. I said forget it."     Staggs, 57, who recently underwent
heart surgery, said he tore a hole in his brick home just below his bathroom
window, so he could spread lime underneath and cover the smell.     "The termite
man came out the other day," Staggs said. "He said he wasn't going to crawl
through sewage. I told him, 'I don't blame you.' "     Before joining Decatur,
many residents feared Flint City leaders would assess $3,000 per household to
build sewer lines. Some said town leaders talked about placing liens on their
homes if residents didn't pay.     Decatur leaders developed a plan to offset
the sewerage cost to 276 households, dividing it in thirds among residents,
Decatur Utilities and the city.     Gary Borden, gas, water and waste-water
manager for DU, said 60 to 70 households in Flint are connected to the city's
sewer system.     Decatur Councilman Gary Hammon, who represents the Flint
district, said the city's financial hardships put the project on hold. Even if
the city and utility company matched the residents dollar-for-dollar, the
project would have taken 25 years, Hammon said.     Sewerage solution?
Staggs said most of his neighbors live on fixed incomes and can't afford
sewerage. Hammon said he may have a solution to the unsanitary conditions.
"I've been to NARCOG, Community Development; there's no one to help speed this
along," Hammon said. "I sought a (council) resolution in support of a federal
grant. I'm hoping to get a call to (legislators) to find a way to do this."
Hammon said he's seeking $4 million over four years to bring sewerage to all
Flint residents. Lower-income residents would also receive help in connecting
their homes to the sewer lines. If the federal government approves the grant,
Hammon said, work could begin in fiscal year 2007.     "I've been banging my
head against the wall for 1Â½ years in frustration of the problem," Hammon said
in the grant application. "We've had failure after failure of septic tanks and
disgusting yellow goo coming in people's yards."     Neither Staggs nor Dugger
want to leave their homes. Both said they probably couldn't sell if they had to.
Staggs said he doubts Decatur will finish what it started.     "I liked to have
died last year," Staggs said. "I probably won't live long enough to see it.
They've been jerking me around for six years or longer. It's unfair. I've had to
pump it out twice a year. The least they could do is pump it out for me, if
they're not going to give me sewer."     Organisms in raw sewage     The
following is a list of organisms that may be found in sewage, signs and symptoms
of infection and the average latency period.     Bacteria -- Salmonella --
Nausea, headache, diarrhea and vomiting; almost always with fever -- six to 72
hours.

-- Tetanus (lockjaw) -- Muscular stiffness in jaw, neck. Sweating, fever,
difficulty swallowing -- eight days.

-- Shigella -- Cramps, diarrhea, fever, bloody stool, nausea, vomiting -- one to
three days.

-- Leptospirosis (Weil's Disease) -- Intestinal problems, liver and kidney
disease, jaundice -- four to 10 days.

-- E. coli -- Diarrhea, vomiting, little or no fever, blood often seen in stool
-- About three days.

-- Tulareisis -- Chills, fever, swollen lymph nodes, stomach pain, diarrhea,
vomiting -- three to five days.

-- Yersinia -- Diarrhea, fever, abdominal pain that resembles appendicitis --
one to 14 days.     Viruses -- Hepatitis A -- Fever, abdominal pain, nausea,
jaundice, dark-colored urine -- About 30 days.

-- Hepatitis B -- Nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite, jaundice, joint pain -- 60
to 90 days.

-- Hepatitis C -- Develops slowly, loss of appetite, stomach pain, nausea and
vomiting. Jaundice is less common -- six to nine weeks.

-- HIV -- Destroys immune system, prone to opportunistic infections -- one to
two years.

-- Polio -- Fever, headache, nausea, muscle pain and stiffness, paralysis -- six
to 20 days.     Parasites -- Entameoeba histolytica (amebiasis) -- Mild nausea,
loose stool, abdominal tenderness. In severe cases can spread throughout the
body and attack other organs, especially the liver -- 14 to 28 days.

-- Giardia lamblia -- Cramps, weight loss, loose/greasy stool, bloating. Fever
is rare -- seven to 10 days.     Sources: Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention, American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, Utah
Department of Health.     The following is a list of Flint project areas
surveyed in 2002, listing the number of properties, residences/businesses and
locations of failing septic tanks. -- Mill Road -- 22 properties, 15
residences/businesses, 11 problem sites.

-- Haymaker Street -- 19 properties, 17 residences, one problem site.

-- Haymaker Street (southern end) -- 21 properties, 19 residences, three problem
sites.

-- Oxmore Flint Road -- 31 properties, 30 residences, one problem site.

-- Alberta Drive -- 10 properties, 10 residences, one problem site.

-- Lucille Drive -- 14 properties, 14 residences, one problem site.

-- Addie/Margarette

drives -- 17 properties, 15 residences.--

-- Margarette Drive to Oxmore Flint Road -- 10 properties, 10 residences.--

-- Mary Love Drive -- 14 properties, 13 residences.--

-- Minor Hill -- five properties, three residences, two problem sites.
--Sewer extension after 2002 reduced 34 problem sites to nine.     Source:
Morgan County Health Department

Copyright (c) 2006, The Decatur Daily, Ala. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune
Business News. For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800)
661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060311-DD-0311-Talking-Filthy-in-Flint

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                                 Copyright 2006


                              843 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           February 2, 2013 Saturday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

100,000 homeowners ignore deadline for septic tank charge

BYLINE: Paul Melia

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 456 words


UP to 100,000 homeowners have snubbed new laws aimed at protecting drinking
water sources.

Despite a flurry of lastminute applications, the Department of the Environment
expects just 400,000 people to have registered their septic tanks - despite the
threat of fines of up to (EURO)5,000.

Almost 500,000 households had a deadline of February 1 to register, but one in
five have failed to do so.

The latest figures yesterday showed just 360,000 have registered online, with
another 10,000 sent by post which have yet to be processed.

"We are confident of reaching 400,000, or 80pc of the total, by the weekend," a
spokesman for the Department of the Environment said. "Registrations are
continuing to flow in."

Only householders who have registered their system by yesterday's deadline will
be eligible for financial support if their tank fails an inspection.

Up to 80pc of the cost of repair works, up to a maximum of (EURO)4,000 for those
earning up to (EURO)50,000, will be funded by the department.

A 50pc grant for those earning up to (EURO)75,000 is also available, to a
maximum of (EURO)2,500. The inspection regime comes after the European Court of
Justice ruled that Ireland had failed to protect drinking water sources. In
December, it fined the State (EURO)2m for failing to introduce an inspection
regime, along with daily fines of (EURO)12,000.

The Government hopes that the rollout of an inspection regime, which will begin
shortly, will persuade the European Commission to drop the case against the
State.

Experts believe up to 125,000 tanks may pose a threat to groundwater sources
because they are poorly designed, located or not properly maintained.
Householders will be given 10 days' notice that an inspection will take place,
and will have 21 days to rectify any problems.

Failure to comply with an order to make improvements can result in fines of up
to (EURO)5,000.

The registration is opposed by the Campaign Against Household and Water Taxes,
which has urged people not to pay. It claims the grants being provided will not
cover the costs of the necessary improvements.

Fianna Fail environment spokesman Barry Cowen urged Environment Minister Phil
Hogan to extend the deadline for registration, claiming people did not know what
they were signing up to.

"The hamfisted way the minister has handled the whole registration process has
left a huge amount of confusion," he said. "Septic tank owners simply don't know
what the legislation means for them."

He said the deadline should be extended to the end of April, and called for
details of the inspection regime to be published.

It is an offence not to register a tank. It costs (EURO)50 and can be done
online at www.protectourwater.

ie, by post or through local authority offices.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Phil Hogan: minister's deadline has passed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                              May 5, 2009 Tuesday

Safe water for villages in pipeline

BYLINE: TORRIE Bronwyn

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 484 words


To comply with drinking water standards the Horowhenua District Council must
make changes. -------------------- Safe drinking water for some Horowhenua
villages is in the pipeline and Government coffers could be tapped for the
initial reticulation upgrade.

Hokio Beach, Waikawa Beach and Manakau and Waitarere Beach do not have town
supply, instead relying on tank water.

The Horowhenua District Council needs to change this to comply with New Zealand
drinking water standards.

The settlements could be connected to Levin's main water supply and most of the
set up costs would come from the Ministry of Health's $16 million drinking water
capital assistance programme, launched by the Labour Government two years ago,
community assets manager Braden Austin said.

This is the same scheme that the council is seeking subsidies for water supply
upgrades at Shannon and Tokomaru, which are included in the draft 10-year
long-term council community plan which is out for public consultation until May
22.

The maintenance and operational costs would fall on ratepayers, Mr Austin said.

The Hokio Community Water Committee had worked with residents to decide which
option council should pursue.

A bore or separate treatment plant were investigated but the most practical and
cost-effective option is a connection, along Hokio beach Rd, to the Levin supply
at Hamaria Rd.

The reticulation for Hokio would cost about $10m but 95 per cent would be
subsidised by the Government.

However, ongoing costs are estimated to be $132,500 per year and ratepayers
would have to pay about $610 based on the current rating system and number of
households.

The Hokio connection could carry on to Waitarere Beach, but this would be a
stand alone project and would not depend on what happens at Hokio, Mr Austin
said.

Connecting Waitarere to Levin's water supply would cost about $3m of which 85
per cent would be subsidised by the Government.

But, ratepayers would have to pay about $520 per year, based on the current
rating system and number of households, to cover the ongoing annual costs
estimated at $418,500.

Waikawa Beach and Manakau residents have three options to consider, which would
receive a 75 per cent subsidy from the Government.

The most expensive option at $8.3m but cheapest in the long run is extending the
water supply from Levin which would supply properties between Ohau and Manakau.

Taking water from the Waikawa River to supply the Manakau township and other
households which take untreated water from the Kuku supply would cost up to
$5.9m.

The third option is a bore to supply drinking water to Waikawa Beach village at
a cost of $2.4m.

Money for the water reticulation proposals has not been allocated in the draft
LTCCP but council is seeking feedback from the community through the LTCCP
process.

Mr Austin said the council would probably allocate money for the water
reticulation in next year's annual plan process.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                              June 15, 2009 Monday
                        1 - First with the news Edition

Power rises should spark relief system review

BYLINE: Jill Lang

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 677  words


More needs to be done to help low-income households facing extra hardship from
rising electricity costs, writes Jill Lang

THE Queensland Competition Authority has approved another large rise in
electricity charges.

In addition to the increase in retail prices, we are also likely to see an
increase in electricity distribution prices from next year. These are set every
five years and are now due for review. About 40 per cent of any increase in
distribution charges usually flows on to retail prices.

So what does this mean for the more than 400,000 Queenslanders who are in
poverty? They don't have a choice about using electricity. They need to run
their fridge, use lights and keep warm.

Any price rise will mean that those who are already struggling will be unable to
pay their bill and therefore be at risk of disconnection.

More can be done to help people suffering or experiencing disadvantage.

Victoria has a wide range of programs and policies so low-income households can
access affordable energy.

As a result they have the lowest disconnection rate in the country with just
over 6000 disconnections last financial year.

By contrast, Queensland has a rate that is more than three times that. We have
the highest disconnection rate in Australia.

Funding is available in Queensland to help households through the Home Energy
Emergency Assistance scheme. However, the availability of this funding is not
widely known and can be very difficult to access.

Many workers in electricity retail call centres don't know that this help is
available and, therefore, don't offer it to people. Eligibility guidelines are
also unclear and restrictive. This excludes many people in hardship.

Even when people do receive information the application form is overly complex
and many people are deterred from applying. As a result the HEEA scheme is
considerably underspent and under-utilised.

The program requires a thorough review to ensure that people in hardship are
receiving support. The Government must consider ways to involve the community in
delivering the program to improve access for people who need it most.

The introduction of targeted rebates and concessions needs to be considered to
help those struggling. Currently only pensioners receive a rebate. There is a
case for extending this to the unemployed and other low-income households.

Public housing tenants need assistance. Many are paying higher costs because
they have electric hot water systems. Yet they are not eligible for commonwealth
or state subsidies for things such as ceiling insulation or solar hot-water
systems.

Similarly, low-income people who rent privately usually are not able to take
advantage of incentive schemes to install cheaper systems such as solar and gas.
Nor can they afford new and expensive whitegoods that are more efficient. They
have to keep using power-hungry and inefficient old ones.

All public housing households in Queensland need to be retrofitted to be more
energy-efficient. And they should be compensated for higher electricity bills in
the meantime.

Energy-efficiency schemes, including appliance replacement schemes, must be
designed so that they can be used by low-income people. No-interest loan schemes
and direct grants for appliance replacement are just some initiatives that have
been successful in other states.

Regulation of retailers needs to be effective. They must be made to provide and
promote hardship programs and not just payment plans. And tougher penalties are
needed for companies who wrongly disconnect people. Fines are too low in
Queensland, meaning there is less of a deterrent to stop retailers acting
wrongfully.

Retailer performance needs to be monitored more effectively. Quarterly public
reporting of disconnections and complaints will go some way to rectifying
problems. It would also provide incentives for retailers to improve.

It would give consumers greater information about retailer performance. This is
essential if customers are to have real choice in a competitive market.

Jill Lang is the director of the Queensland Council of Social Service.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

DBP grants El Nido P245-M term loan

BYLINE: Imee Charlee C. Delavin

SECTION: Pg. S2/3

LENGTH: 340 words


STATE-RUN Development Bank of the Philippines (DBP) has granted a P245- million
term loan to El Nido, Palawan to fund various water infrastructure projects.

In a statement posted on its Web site on Thursday, the bank said the loan will
finance the construction of water supply and sewage and waste water treatment
systems in the municipality in line with efforts to promote environmental
protection and sustainable development to bolster its tourism industry.

"The proposed water supply systems are expected to help sustain the growth of
local businesses especially the tourism industry in the municipality. These will
consist of river diversion weirs, primary and dual media filters, storage tanks,
disinfection systems and a combination of uPVC (unplasticized polyvinyl
chloride) and HDPE (high density polyethylene) transmission pipelines for falls
or rivers as water source," DBP said.

Once completed, the state-run bank said the project, supported by the provincial
government of Palawan as well as the Public Works and Tourism departments, will
supply safe and potable water to around 9,042 households in the 18 barangays in
El Nido and will also address the inadequate treatment measures in existing
water pumps and deep wells in the area.

Meanwhile, the proposed construction of a sewage and waste water treatment
system -- composed of sanitary sewer lines, storm sewer lines and the sewage
treatment plant, with a design capacity of 2,400 cubic meters per day -- "will
promote better health and sanitation to about 2,254 households in the area," DBP
noted, and "will help reduce environmental pollution through proper conveyance,
treatment and disposal of sewage, and minimize health hazards brought about by
contamination of water resources."

DBP's loan approvals to local government units and water districts and electric
cooperatives for 2014 stood at P28 billion. The bank's priority areas in lending
include infrastructure and logistics, social services, protection of the
environment, as well as micro, small and medium enterprises.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              847 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Brunswick News (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 5, 2008 Friday

Water rates to rise

BYLINE: Jess Davis, The Brunswick News, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 634 words


Dec. 5--Water rates for Glynn County's former water customers could increase by
30 percent next year to fund the expansion of a wastewater treatment plant.

For a household that uses 7,000 gallons of water a month, the increase would be
$8.18 a month, with additional 6.25 percent increases of $2.22 a month and $2.36
a month coming in July 2009 and 2010, respectively.

The need for expanding the treatment facility and increasing rates was discussed
at length by the Joint Water and Sewer Commission during a meeting Thursday
afternon, and the Glynn County Commission heard a report on the subject Thursday
evening.

Although the city and county's water and sewer departments have merged, the
increase will affect only those customers who used to be part of the county's
system, which amounts to roughly 12,000 accounts, said Joint Water and Sewer
Commission Executive Director Keith Morgan. Even though the joint commission
manages both the city and county's water and sewers, under the agreement that
created the JWSC, the county and city still own the respective buildings that
process water and sewer.

The treatment plant at Interstate 95 Exit 29 is owned by the county, so the
county is responsible for any capital upgrades to the building, including this
planned expansion. Total cost for the expansion is projected to be about $22
million, but is expected to be at least $1 million lower after the county rebids
some subcontracts on the project.

The rate increase, targeted to start Feb. 1, would pay for nearly $14 million in
loans and financing to expand the treatment plant. The balance of the funding,
$8 million, will come from the special-purpose local option sales tax and a
state grant.

Expansion is necessary because the plant, which is about 20 years old, has
nearly reached capacity, according to the JWSC. It's able to process 300,000
gallons per day, but with the expansion, could process 1.5 million gallons a
day.

Based on projected growth, another expansion will be needed eventually to push
capacity past 2 million gallons a day, but that would likely be decades down the
road.

"Our only other option would be to go back to septic tanks, which we don't want
to do," said Glynn County Commissioner Uli Keller, a member of the joint
commission. "The bottom line is, we have no other option."

The $14 million for the loan and financing would be split into two parts: with a
$4 million, 20-year loan obtained from a bank before the end of 2008, and the
balance of the funding to come in early 2009. Part of the reason for the split
is that because of the rebidding of the subcontracts, the JWSC is not sure how
much it will need in total.

Attorneys for the city, county and JWSC will meet in the coming weeks to hammer
out details, and all three parties are expected to vote on the issue at their
regular meetings two weeks from now.

Sidebar

The Joint Water and Sewer Commission plans to send out notifications before the
end of the year to customers who haven't paid their water bills.

The notification will come in the form of a bright yellow postcard that informs
customers that they owe money. It will include the date when their service will
be shut off unless the bill is paid.

The cards will be sent to households that are two months behind in payments.

John Donaghy, finance director of the joint commission, said he does not know
how many customers are behind in payments

To see more of The Brunswick News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thebrunswicknews.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Brunswick News, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081205-GE-Water-rates-to-rise-1205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GE


                                 Copyright 2008


                              848 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                            April 27, 2013 Saturday

Energy bills: A helping hand to cut costs

BYLINE: Jeff Salway

LENGTH: 1502  words


WHILE help to cover energy costs is available, few households are taking
advantage, says Jeff Salway

Energy suppliers and government have been urged to do more to help struggling
consumers as the number of  Scottish households in fuel poverty continues to
rise.

The cost of heating a home reached new highs in the early months of 2013, thanks
to a potent combination of the long winter and the price increases that took
effect in December.

There are now fears of a fresh round of price hikes, with market minnows Ovo and
Co-operative Energy last week announcing increases.

All big six energy suppliers - Scottish Gas, Scottish & Southern Energy,
ScottishPower, Npower, E.ON and EDF -  raised their tariffs over the winter and
more of the same now seems inevitable later this year after a recent surge in
the cost of wholesale gas.

One in four Scottish households have ign­ored utility bills because they
couldn't afford to pay them and owe money to a supplier, according to research
published last week by the Debt Advisory Centre Scotland.

Many are among the one in three Scottish households deemed to be in fuel poverty
(defined as spending more than 10 per cent of total income on adequate heating).

Yet while help is available for those having difficulty covering their energy
costs, very few are taking advantage. Just one in ten households in Scotland has
applied for government schemes aimed at reducing fuel bills and energy use.

But with energy bills forecast to continue rising for the foreseeable future,
experts warn that such schemes must be made more  accessible to those who need
them.

Several government programmes are aimed at households struggling to cope with
energy costs, from insulation grants and boiler replacements to help with pipe
lagging and draft proofing.

However, the sheer range of assistance available can hinder the level of
take-up, Consumer Focus Scotland has warned.

One example is the Warm Home Discount Scheme, available through suppliers and
off­ering low income and vulnerable households rebates of up to £140 on their
electricity bills.

Yet it's estimated that just 25,000 or so of more than 800,000 UK households
eligible for the rebate actually claim it.

So how do you find out what's available?

North of the Border, the main service to be aware of is Home Energy Scotland.
This is an impartial hotline where households can get free advice on heating,
insulating their home, saving energy and reducing costs. It also offers energy
checks to help identify the efficiency offers that a household could benefit
from.

"If you contact them you can get advice on what's available, rather than try to
navigate through all the different options individually," a spokeswoman for
Consumer Focus Scotland said.

Another one-stop shop is Citizens Advice Scotland. As well as guidance on how to
manage bills, it can point customers to support provided by both suppliers and
government.

Margaret Lynch, chief executive of Citizens Advice Scotland, said: "The main
ways in which consumers can save money are by switching tariff or supplier,
taking advantage of any fin­ancial support you may be entitled to, such as the
Warm Home Discount and reducing your energy consumption through measures like
insulation and energy efficient appliances."

Many people simply don't realise they qualify for assistance that could help
drive down their energy costs, according to Consumer Focus Scotland.

"People are put off finding out because they are worried about eligibility,
about strangers coming into their house and about the impact of any work on the
condition of their homes," its spokeswoman told The Scotsman.

The way in which the myriad schemes are promoted must also improve, she added.
"We urge the government and suppliers to address those concerns and make support
schemes more attractive and accessible to households."

That suppliers could do more to advertise the help they can offer is a familiar
criticism. While suppliers make millions of pounds worth of assistance available
to customers, their efforts at promoting that support are considered somewhat
underwhelming.

Sharon Bell, head of StepChange Debt Charity Scotland said: "Our debt advisers
are kept abreast of all relevant grants for utility arrears, and routinely refer
clients wherever applicable. However, we believe suppliers could achieve a lot
more, such as better publicity of what help they offer, as well as easing the
application process and criteria for their most vulnerable customers."

More than a third of households feel ill-informed about their supplier's
tariffs, rising to 45 per cent of Scottish & Southern Energy  customers and 37
per cent with both Scottish Gas and ScottishPower. Almost six in ten couldn't
name the tariff they were on.

Yet energy firms are under growing political pressure to simplify their tariffs
and communicate them better. They also have obligations to provide certain help
to customers.

All suppliers must make discounted social tariffs available to their most
vulnerable customers, with the price in line with their cheapest deal.
ScottishPower's is known as the Fresh Start tariff, for example, while Scottish
Gas has the Essentials Combined and Energy Trust plans. For those on the most
expensive tariffs, a switch to their supplier's cheapest deal can save around
£300 a year.

Most suppliers will also provide energy efficiency grants to help customers pay
for  cost-cutting measures such as loft and cavity wall insulation.

Then there are the energy trust funds introduced by some suppliers to help
customers pay their bills. The Scottish Gas Energy Trust, for example, can help
customers clear not only their energy debts but also other household debts, such
as rent arrears and council tax debts. Struggling customers can also apply for
assistance in buying household items such as cookers and washing machines.

Other trust funds are more limited, while Scottish & Southern Energy doesn't run
one at all. However, it will consider cutting monthly bills for the most
vulnerable customers and offers certain energy saving products for free.

Trisha McAuley, senior director at Consumer Focus Scotland, said: "We welcome
the progress that is being made on making homes greener and cheaper to run, but
we now need to pick up the pace and put much more focus on making these schemes
attractive to many more households by focusing on the barriers to take-up.

"Helping people to make their homes more energy-efficient would help meet the
twin aims of helping to tackle fuel poverty and reducing climate change
emissions."

Ways to cut those energy bills and still stay warm

Switch supplier

With the lowest cost dual fuel, online deal some £300 a year cheaper than the
most expensive standard tariff, there are serious savings to be made by
switching supplier. You could also ask your existing energy firm to move you
onto a cheaper tariff, where possible. Comparison websites including
www.uswitch.com, www.energyhelpline.com and www.confused.com are among several
where you can search for a better deal.

Be energy smart

By reducing household energy wastage you can chop a few valuable pounds off your
bills. Avoid leaving appliances such as TVs on standby and turn your lights off
if you don't need them. You could keep a close eye on how efficient you are with
your supply by installing an energy usage monitor or smart meter.

Fill in the gaps

Just by draught-excluding your home you can reduce your annual bill by some £55
a year, the Energy Saving Trust estimates. Look for gaps between windows, doors,
floorboards and skirting boards and, where possible, seal them off. Double
glazing may help limit heat loss too and potentially save you up to £165 a year,
the Energy Saving Trust reckons.

Invest in insulation

This is an even more effective way of keeping cold out of your home and slashing
your long-term energy costs. Around a third of the heat lost in homes is through
walls and a quarter through poorly or un-insulated lofts. Grants are available
to help cover the cost of insulation, both through suppliers and the Scottish
government. Some pensioners and low income or vulnerable households may get
insulation for free. Insulation around water pipes and hot water tanks can be
similarly effective in retaining heat and keeping hot water for longer.

Go green

Buying energy-efficient light bulbs and other low-usage appliances such as
fridges and freezers can bring incremental benefits. Replacing all the standard
light bulbs in your home with energy-efficient alternatives could save you more
than £50 a year, the Energy Saving Trust claims.

KEY CONTACTS

Home Energy Scotland 0800 512 012

Home Heat Helpline 0800 33 66 99

Citizens Advice Scotland - your local bureau or www.adviceguide.org.uk

Energy Saving Trust  www.energysavingtrust.org.uk/scotland

Scottish Gas: 0845 971 7731

ScottishPower: 0845 601 7836

Scottish & Southern Energy helpline: 0800 072 7201

E.ON Energy Efficiency Advice Team: 0500 201 000

EDF Energy Saving Helpline: 0800 096 9966

npower Energy Efficiency Helpline: 0800 02 22 20

Jeff Salway

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Carlow People (Ireland)

                               September 21, 2010

Well grant from local authority

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 165 words


The grant entitles homeowners to any or a combination of the following;

Well drilling, pump installation, filtration system or carrying out improvements
to a seriously deficient existing piped supply of water (i.e. old well or
gravity supply) Conditions 1. The house concerned must be constructed 7 years or
over.

2. The house concerned is not connected to a public or group water supply.

3. It is the customers normal place of residence(i.e. not a holiday home)

Home owners not eligible for a grant are as follows;

1. The house concerned is at present under construction or has been constructed
in the last seven years.

2. The house concerned is connected to mains supply.

3. Mains supply is available to your house.

The objective of the grant scheme is to assist households dependent on private
individual water supplies.

An applicant form is available from your local county council environment
section-water grants. For further details contact Ellis Well Drilling on 059
6471355 (office).

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Fort Morgan Times (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 11, 2008 Thursday

Wiggins nixes water project

BYLINE: Dan Barker, The Fort Morgan Times, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1517 words


Sep. 11--The Wiggins Town Council dropped the Wiggins Project plan for replacing
its failing water wells during a well-attended meeting Wednesday night.

Opponents of the plan to buy 10 shares of Weldon Valley Ditch Co. water packed
the visitor's gallery before the meeting began, with extra chairs brought in to
accommodate the crowd.

Council members voted 4-3 to abandon the Wiggins Project, which would have used
the ditch company water shares to augment a well near Empire Reservoir and piped
the well water to town.

Council members Brad Weese, Stephanie Bates, Vince Longcor and Jim Musgrave
voted against buying the water shares. Mayor Mike Bates and Councilmen Richard
Vance and Pat Rogers voted to buy the water.

In a separate vote after voting down the water purchase, the council voted
unanimously not to buy the well site.

Longcor was the only one who spoke about why he voted against the Wiggins
Project. He said he appreciated all the work a committee of water experts had
done for the town, but felt the water shares would not meet Wiggins' long-term
needs.

It has seemed as if the price for the Wiggins Project has gone up each time the
plan is visited, Longcor said. Now it would cost about $92.50 a month per
household, and if residents have to pay that much it might be better to do
something else.

Even the expensive Morgan County Quality Water District might make sense if it
is that costly for Wiggins to buy its own water, especially since the town does
not have water expertise, he said.

Longcor's list of reasons was greeted with applause from the opponents.

Before the vote, water attorney Steve Jeffers had talked about how much the
Wiggins Project would cost.

Its overall cost for buying the 10 shares, plus other shares from elsewhere to
meet the town's needs, would likely run $5.4 million, Jeffers said. If Wiggins
was able to access a $1 million government grant, that would mean it would cost
each household $72.50 a month added to the Wiggins water fee of $20 a month for
the first 5,000 gallons of water, he said.

If Wiggins could get $2 million in grants, which is unlikely, the cost would be
$59.50 per household plus the $20 Wiggins water fee, Jeffers said.

The $5.4 million price tag was up from an initial $4 million estimate, said
Mayor Mike Bates, because the 10 shares of water would only augment about a
third of what Wiggins would need to draw from the well to completely replace its
current diminishing water supply.

That means the town would need the additional money to buy more water shares,
Jeffers said.

The $100,000 price for the well near Empire Reservoir is included in the overall
figure, as are the design costs, right of way for a pipeline, construction of a
pipeline, the cost of water court and attorney's fees, he said.

"It's everything we could think of," Jeffers said.

It is a pretty shocking price, he said, but the research team wanted to err on
the high side, not have a higher price come up later.

If the town only bought the 10 shares and mixed the water with its existing
supply, the Wiggins Project would cost about $45 a month per household, Jeffers
said.

Other options

Wiggins had talked with Fort Morgan about buying Colorado-Big Thompson water
from the city recently, but it was simply too expensive. If Fort Morgan charged
1-1/2 times its normal rate -- in order to avoid Wiggins having to do things
like join a water association and get its own shares of C-BT water -- it would
cost $90 to $103 per household, Jeffers said.

That is assuming the Fort Morgan City Council even approved selling at that
price, which it might not, he said.

That offer would be unrealistic, Longcor said.

Earlier, the Quality Water board had said it would cost $6 million just for
water rights, which is already higher than the Wiggins Project, Jeffers said.
More would likely have to be paid for another pipeline, since Quality Water's
lines are at capacity, Mike Bates said.

Longcor agreed the cost for Quality Water would be "astronomical."

Nonetheless, several audience members said they would rather have Quality Water,
because water will be expensive one way or another and it feels more secure.
MCQWD has said it would not cut off Wiggins' water any more than it would its
other customers in the event of a drought or other shortage, they said.

Visitor Cindy Koch said she already pays $100 a month to Culligan for water and
that could be transferred to Quality Water.

Also, Quality Water would seem safer than Wiggins going it alone with no
guarantee the well would not fail, opponents said.

That would be no guarantee of water. No system can guarantee water, Jeffers
said.

There is a chance that the Thomas subdivision wells could be used, despite a
Colorado Groundwater Authority ruling that they could not be drilled deep enough
to reach the water, Jeffers said.

He talked to a worker at the water commission who said the intention was only to
make sure that Wiggins would only take the water allotted to the Thomas
subdivision, he said.

"In essence, I believe (the water authority) overrstepped their bounds," Jeffers
said.

The owner of the Thomas subdivision signed these wells over to the town, but
they are not currently producing. The town would have to drill to reach that
water.

The issue with drilling could probably be fixed, he said. Wiggins allowed its
drilling permit to lapse, but it can reapply to drill as deep as necessary,
Jeffers said.

However, that does not solve the Wiggins water problem. If the Thomas
subdivision is built out the water must go there, not for other Wiggins
residents, he said.

No testing has been done on the Thomas water, but it could have high nitrate
levels just like the town water given its proximity to the town.

Cost-prohibitive

Wiggins neighbor and farmer Ralph Beauprez came to talk to the council because
he said people have asked him why he has not offered to sell his nearby water
and property to the town.

The town has never asked to buy it, he said, but he would be willing if Wiggins
is interested, although he does not care one way or the other.

"I don't want to look like the bad guy here," Beauprez said.

His well would be only about a quarter-mile from the town and the property is
immediately adjacent to Wiggins, he said.

It is also the deepest well in the closed water basin Wiggins sits in, Beauprez
said.

Unfortunately, the nitrate levels in that well are too high, said Town
Administrator Bill Rogers.

Using that water would require building a water treatment plant to clean the
water up, which would be another expense, he said.

Also, with water levels dropping throughout the basin, there is no guarantee
that water would last, said Tom Haren, owner of AGPROfessionals and a member of
the research team.

Water from the Stark family farm east of town tests with nitrates three times
the legal limit, so that would not work, either, Bill Rogers said.

Reverse osmosis systems also do not seem like the answer. Although they could be
used as a part of the solution, their price has gone up, Haren said.

The research team did not find any exact numbers for reverse osmosis, Jeffers
said.

A project at Julesburg, which is about the same size as Wiggins would need, cost
$2.6 million and requires about $200,000 a year to operate. That would add up to
a cost of $47 a month to Wiggins households just for the operation, Bill Rogers
said.

Wiggins has looked at just about every option anyone has suggested, Haren said.

The bottom line is that the Wiggins Project is not economically feasible, said
Ron Blauer.

Blauer had worked with a group calling itself the Wiggins Project Committee of
Concerned Citizens, who had threatened a recall of council members over the
water issue. In a letter sent recently to The Fort Morgan Times, Blauer said
that was on hold until after all council members had been in office for six
months. That way they could all face recall.

In another letter sent to Town Attorney Sam Light, Blauer said he had dropped an
appeal to the state courts about Wiggins' not giving access to the exact figures
of the water project, after the plan's opponents had a chance to see the
documents.

Wiggins officials had said all along that the opponents could see the numbers
but had not come in.

Some opponents also seemed worried that a planned expansion at the Empire Dairy
could possibly contaminate the well water in that area, which is where the
Wiggins Project water would have come from.

Longcor said he knew the price of water would just keep continuing to rise, but
it did not seem like Wiggins has found a solution for its dropping wells.

"It's just not a realistic number at this time," he said about the Wiggins
Project. "That's a lot of cash."

-- Contact Dan Barker at business@fmtimes.com

To see more of The Fort Morgan Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.fortmorgantimes.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Fort Morgan Times, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080911-FQ-Wiggins-nixes-water-project-0911

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FQ


                                 Copyright 2008


                              851 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Scotland On Sunday

                            April 27, 2013 Saturday

Energy bills: A helping hand to cut costs

BYLINE: Jeff Salway

LENGTH: 1502  words


WHILE help to cover energy costs is available, few households are taking
advantage, says Jeff Salway

Energy suppliers and government have been urged to do more to help struggling
consumers as the number of  Scottish households in fuel poverty continues to
rise.

The cost of heating a home reached new highs in the early months of 2013, thanks
to a potent combination of the long winter and the price increases that took
effect in December.

There are now fears of a fresh round of price hikes, with market minnows Ovo and
Co-operative Energy last week announcing increases.

All big six energy suppliers - Scottish Gas, Scottish & Southern Energy,
ScottishPower, Npower, E.ON and EDF -  raised their tariffs over the winter and
more of the same now seems inevitable later this year after a recent surge in
the cost of wholesale gas.

One in four Scottish households have ign­ored utility bills because they
couldn't afford to pay them and owe money to a supplier, according to research
published last week by the Debt Advisory Centre Scotland.

Many are among the one in three Scottish households deemed to be in fuel poverty
(defined as spending more than 10 per cent of total income on adequate heating).

Yet while help is available for those having difficulty covering their energy
costs, very few are taking advantage. Just one in ten households in Scotland has
applied for government schemes aimed at reducing fuel bills and energy use.

But with energy bills forecast to continue rising for the foreseeable future,
experts warn that such schemes must be made more  accessible to those who need
them.

Several government programmes are aimed at households struggling to cope with
energy costs, from insulation grants and boiler replacements to help with pipe
lagging and draft proofing.

However, the sheer range of assistance available can hinder the level of
take-up, Consumer Focus Scotland has warned.

One example is the Warm Home Discount Scheme, available through suppliers and
off­ering low income and vulnerable households rebates of up to £140 on their
electricity bills.

Yet it's estimated that just 25,000 or so of more than 800,000 UK households
eligible for the rebate actually claim it.

So how do you find out what's available?

North of the Border, the main service to be aware of is Home Energy Scotland.
This is an impartial hotline where households can get free advice on heating,
insulating their home, saving energy and reducing costs. It also offers energy
checks to help identify the efficiency offers that a household could benefit
from.

"If you contact them you can get advice on what's available, rather than try to
navigate through all the different options individually," a spokeswoman for
Consumer Focus Scotland said.

Another one-stop shop is Citizens Advice Scotland. As well as guidance on how to
manage bills, it can point customers to support provided by both suppliers and
government.

Margaret Lynch, chief executive of Citizens Advice Scotland, said: "The main
ways in which consumers can save money are by switching tariff or supplier,
taking advantage of any fin­ancial support you may be entitled to, such as the
Warm Home Discount and reducing your energy consumption through measures like
insulation and energy efficient appliances."

Many people simply don't realise they qualify for assistance that could help
drive down their energy costs, according to Consumer Focus Scotland.

"People are put off finding out because they are worried about eligibility,
about strangers coming into their house and about the impact of any work on the
condition of their homes," its spokeswoman told The Scotsman.

The way in which the myriad schemes are promoted must also improve, she added.
"We urge the government and suppliers to address those concerns and make support
schemes more attractive and accessible to households."

That suppliers could do more to advertise the help they can offer is a familiar
criticism. While suppliers make millions of pounds worth of assistance available
to customers, their efforts at promoting that support are considered somewhat
underwhelming.

Sharon Bell, head of StepChange Debt Charity Scotland said: "Our debt advisers
are kept abreast of all relevant grants for utility arrears, and routinely refer
clients wherever applicable. However, we believe suppliers could achieve a lot
more, such as better publicity of what help they offer, as well as easing the
application process and criteria for their most vulnerable customers."

More than a third of households feel ill-informed about their supplier's
tariffs, rising to 45 per cent of Scottish & Southern Energy  customers and 37
per cent with both Scottish Gas and ScottishPower. Almost six in ten couldn't
name the tariff they were on.

Yet energy firms are under growing political pressure to simplify their tariffs
and communicate them better. They also have obligations to provide certain help
to customers.

All suppliers must make discounted social tariffs available to their most
vulnerable customers, with the price in line with their cheapest deal.
ScottishPower's is known as the Fresh Start tariff, for example, while Scottish
Gas has the Essentials Combined and Energy Trust plans. For those on the most
expensive tariffs, a switch to their supplier's cheapest deal can save around
£300 a year.

Most suppliers will also provide energy efficiency grants to help customers pay
for  cost-cutting measures such as loft and cavity wall insulation.

Then there are the energy trust funds introduced by some suppliers to help
customers pay their bills. The Scottish Gas Energy Trust, for example, can help
customers clear not only their energy debts but also other household debts, such
as rent arrears and council tax debts. Struggling customers can also apply for
assistance in buying household items such as cookers and washing machines.

Other trust funds are more limited, while Scottish & Southern Energy doesn't run
one at all. However, it will consider cutting monthly bills for the most
vulnerable customers and offers certain energy saving products for free.

Trisha McAuley, senior director at Consumer Focus Scotland, said: "We welcome
the progress that is being made on making homes greener and cheaper to run, but
we now need to pick up the pace and put much more focus on making these schemes
attractive to many more households by focusing on the barriers to take-up.

"Helping people to make their homes more energy-efficient would help meet the
twin aims of helping to tackle fuel poverty and reducing climate change
emissions."

Ways to cut those energy bills and still stay warm

Switch supplier

With the lowest cost dual fuel, online deal some £300 a year cheaper than the
most expensive standard tariff, there are serious savings to be made by
switching supplier. You could also ask your existing energy firm to move you
onto a cheaper tariff, where possible. Comparison websites including
www.uswitch.com, www.energyhelpline.com and www.confused.com are among several
where you can search for a better deal.

Be energy smart

By reducing household energy wastage you can chop a few valuable pounds off your
bills. Avoid leaving appliances such as TVs on standby and turn your lights off
if you don't need them. You could keep a close eye on how efficient you are with
your supply by installing an energy usage monitor or smart meter.

Fill in the gaps

Just by draught-excluding your home you can reduce your annual bill by some £55
a year, the Energy Saving Trust estimates. Look for gaps between windows, doors,
floorboards and skirting boards and, where possible, seal them off. Double
glazing may help limit heat loss too and potentially save you up to £165 a year,
the Energy Saving Trust reckons.

Invest in insulation

This is an even more effective way of keeping cold out of your home and slashing
your long-term energy costs. Around a third of the heat lost in homes is through
walls and a quarter through poorly or un-insulated lofts. Grants are available
to help cover the cost of insulation, both through suppliers and the Scottish
government. Some pensioners and low income or vulnerable households may get
insulation for free. Insulation around water pipes and hot water tanks can be
similarly effective in retaining heat and keeping hot water for longer.

Go green

Buying energy-efficient light bulbs and other low-usage appliances such as
fridges and freezers can bring incremental benefits. Replacing all the standard
light bulbs in your home with energy-efficient alternatives could save you more
than £50 a year, the Energy Saving Trust claims.

KEY CONTACTS

Home Energy Scotland 0800 512 012

Home Heat Helpline 0800 33 66 99

Citizens Advice Scotland - your local bureau or www.adviceguide.org.uk

Energy Saving Trust  www.energysavingtrust.org.uk/scotland

Scottish Gas: 0845 971 7731

ScottishPower: 0845 601 7836

Scottish & Southern Energy helpline: 0800 072 7201

E.ON Energy Efficiency Advice Team: 0500 201 000

EDF Energy Saving Helpline: 0800 096 9966

npower Energy Efficiency Helpline: 0800 02 22 20

Jeff Salway

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWTS thescotsman


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 12, 2010 Thursday

Sewer project launched at Jane

BYLINE: Wally Kennedy, The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 438 words


Aug. 12--JANE, Mo. -- About 115 households in the Jane area will soon be able to
hook up to the sewer system that serves Bella Vista, Ark.

The Missouri Department of Natural Resources has awarded a $1.58 million grant
to improve wastewater collection and treatment for the village of Jane and the
immediate area.

McDonald County Public Water Supply District No. 1 will use the state's 40
percent construction grant funds to build a new wastewater collection system.
The project is estimated to cost $7.8 million and is expected to be completed in
July 2011.

William "Bill" Martin, chairman of the village's trustees, said the village
received a $500,000 Community Development Block Grant a while back to help with
the project.

"We're working together on this wastewater system," he said. "Both entities have
to approve the work."

A contract was awarded on Aug. 2 to Rosetta Construction LLC, Springfield. The
engineering firm is Allgeier, Martin & Associates Inc., Joplin.

"We have sewer service near the state line," Martin said. "We are going to run a
main line approximately 2.5 miles north up into the Jane area proper. It will
branch out from there to pick up approximately 115 houses."

The village has about 375 residents. Martin said 17 properties, because of their
remote locations, will not have access to the sewer line.

He said Jane has a 20-year contract with Bella Vista. The area south of Jane at
the state line has had sewer service for three to four years, he said.

Mark N. Templeton, director of the Department of Natural Resources, in a
statement released in connection with the grant announcement, said: "Investment
in a community's wastewater collection and treatment system not only protects
public health and the environment by helping the community meet state and
federal water quality standards, it also positions that community for future
growth."

The department sold $50 million in bonds in November 2007. The sale of the bonds
allows the department to provide McDonald County Public Water Supply District
No. 1 at Jane with the grant funds to support the Clean Water Initiative for
wastewater improvements.

The DNR's Water Protection Program will administer the grant funds.

To see more of The Joplin Globe or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.joplinglobe.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Joplin Globe, Mo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100812-JL-Sewer-project-launched-at-Jane-20100812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                        Copyright 2010 The Joplin Globe


                              853 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                          November 26, 2008 Wednesday

$384k will help 4 green projects

BYLINE: Erik Robinson Columbian staff writer

SECTION: CLARK COUNTY; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 572 words



Clark County will receive $384,000 of $5 million distributed statewide to
improve environmental stewardship.
The money will help the county envision a "sustainably built future," implement
a statewide initiative called Washington Green Schools, and provide raised
gardens and worm composting bins for 100 low-income families.

It will also launch an online food exchange designed to reduce hunger.
The money comes from a tax on the wholesale value of hazardous substances such
as petroleum products, pesticides and certain chemicals, which voters approved
with the creation of the Model Toxics Control Act in 1988.
Clark County will receive four grants:
$187n,500 to implement Washington Green Schools, a statewide Web-based
initiative to help school districts improve the environment through such
measures as boosting recycling, saving energy, conserving water, improving
indoor air quality and streamlining transportation.
Erin Rowland, who works for Clark County Solid Waste, happens to be on the
statewide steering committee. She said a large portion of the grant will be
used to hire a private contractor to put the program in place.
$120n,000 to pay for the staff time needed for county and city planners to
review building codes and decide whether changes are necessary to promote
sustainable building practices. The county has agreed to contribute an
additional $40,000 for the project.
Pete DuBois, the county's sustainability manager, said the idea is to review
building codes that, as currently written, may prevent ecologically friendly
practices such as re-using gray water, harvesting rainwater, or putting in
place low-impact building techniques.
"The hope is that we would also spend some of this time networking and building
up our coordinated knowledge," DuBois said.
$67n,500 to provide 100 low-income families with worm composting bins and
raised-bed home gardens.
DuBois said the county envisions the grant as a demonstration intended to
revive the Victory Garden concept of World War II, when U.S. households grew
much of their own produce.
"It's basically trying to create an edible gardening movement," DuBois said.
"(The grant) is focusing on the household, but we could have gardens at
churches, at schools, in work places."
The county will contribute $22,500 in matching funds.
$9n,000 to develop and launch an online exchange for food rescue in order to
reduce hunger.
The money will be used to hire programmers to design and implement a system
that will connect food generators such as restaurants with homeless shelters,
nursing homes or other nonprofit centers in need of food, said Bob Patterson, a
waste reduction specialist for the county. The Web site would use e-mail to
make automatic connections between generators and recipients when excess food
becomes available, Patterson said.
He cited one example: A local restaurant offers baked potato specials every
Friday night, meaning a pile of baked potatoes is usually left over. Rather
than pitching the 'taters, or casting around aimlessly for a worthy nonprofit
organization, Patterson said, the restaurant clicked on an existing Web site
called forkitover.org.
"They found out there was an old folks home across the street that was happy to
take it," he said.
The system envisioned by the county would take it a step further and notify the
assisted living center that food had become available. The county has agreed to
match the state's contribution with $3,000.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              854 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           November 15, 2001 Thursday

Arsenic removal to be costly;
Water officials fear removing the toxin will drive up customer rates.

BYLINE: VINCE LOVATO

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 633 words


Local water district officials are bracing for the potentially staggering cost
of meeting the new federal standards for arsenic levels in drinking water that
could increase the average household water bill by $32 annually.

The amount of arsenic allowed in water will be drastically reduced, prompting
some water districts to take costly steps to lower levels in their wells.

The costs could significantly raise rates for customers if the districts cannot
find alternative ways to finance the cleanup projects.

The federal Environmental Protection Agency announced that the maximum allowable
amount of arsenic in drinking water will be lowered from 50 parts per billion to
10 parts per billion effective Jan. 1, 2006.

Some scientific studies have shown arsenic can increase the risk of certain
cancers, heart disease and diabetes, according to the EPA.

Nearly 97 percent of the water districts affected by the new standards serve
less than 10,000 people each, and the EPA will provide $20million over the next
two years for the research and development of more cost-effective technologies,
according to the EPA.

The agency also will provide technical assistance and training to operators of
small systems and will work with small communities to maximize grants and loans
from the State Revolving Fund and Rural Utilities Service programs of the
Agriculture Department.

The EPA estimates that the average annual household water bill may increase by
$32 a year.

But Victor Valley Water District General Manager Randy Hill said his district
will have to struggle to retrofit at least 12 of its 25 wells that regularly
test above the new 10-parts-per-billion standard.

If California lowers the standard to 5 ppb, 22 wells will be affected. If it
lowers the standard to 3 ppb, all of the district's wells will have to be
retrofitted to comply, he said.

Victor Valley Water District is the largest in the High Desert with 16,000
hookups that serve about 60,000 people and businesses, Hill said.

The cost of adding treatment equipment to each well is about $350,000, Hill
said. There are additional costs for ongoing operations of between $100,000 and
$200,000 annually, he said.

If the standard is 10 pbb, the district would have to add treatment equipment to
12 wells at a total cost of $4.2million plus an additional $1.2million to
$1.8million annually for operation and maintenance.

If state officials lower the standards to 3 ppb, all 25 of the district's wells
would be affected and the costs would more than double.

"You can begin to see that it's a substantial impact to our customers," Hill
said, adding that legislators who pass this new rule should "really have to help
us pay for it.

"You have to comply with the law, and it's our responsibility to make clean
drinking water, and we will have to pass that cost on. What we need to do is
find the most economic solution for our customers while supplying them with
quality drinking water."

His district could qualify for low-interest loans, but the customers would have
to pay the money back, Hill said. The $20million the EPA will spend on research
is earmarked for districts that serve fewer than 10,000 customers.

Baldy Mesa Water District General Manager Don Bartz said he is also concerned
about the new standards and hopes his district can find money to help offset the
costs.

Baldy Mesa serves 4,500 customers in southwest Victorville and Baldy Mesa.

Bartz said three of the district's nine wells will be in violation of the new
standards.

"We anticipate there will be some grants available for this, and we will be
applying for them," Bartz said. "We will be looking at how to pay for this. We
have money in reserve, but this is more than we budgeted for in the past."

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              855 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                          February 24, 2010 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Wind farms blow away

BYLINE: PETER HUNT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 418 words


RENEWABLES POLICY

AUSTRALIA'S wind farm developments have ground to a halt, following a 40 per
cent slump in the price of the renewable energy certificates that underwrite the
industry.

The flow-on effect to regional contractors and manufacturers reliant on wind
farms has been devastating.

Portland wind turbine tower manufacturer Keppel Prince Engineering has put 70
staff on forced leave and has warned of further cuts.

``If there's no resolution by the end of February, then 120 people go,'' Keppel
Prince general manager Steve Garner said.

Wind farm developer Pacific Hydro Australia's general manager, Lane Crockett,
said the company had put $2 billion of projects on hold while waiting for
Federal Government intervention.

Wind farm operators say the price of renewable energy certificates has been
driven down to $30 a megawatt hour by a wave of cheap government-subsidised
household solar panel and hot water system RECs flooding the market.

Wind farm, solar thermal and other large-scale renewable energy developers
generate renewable electricity, which electricity retailers buy in the form of
RECs.

The retailers must buy the RECs to meet the government's legislated renewable
energy target of 20 per cent renewable electricity by 2020.

Last year, the Government introduced a $1600 rebate on solar hot water systems
and granted solar panels 5MWh of RECs when they only generated 1MWh.

At the time, Greens Senator Christine Milne warned the move would drive down
prices for large-scale renewable power generators.

Senator Milne called on Climate Change Minister Penny Wong to amend the
legislation and exclude the household rooftop RECs from the market, an argument
large-scale generators had backed.

But Senator Wong dismissed the warning, saying household solar hot water RECs
would only take up about 5 per cent of the market.

Household RECs now represent about half the market.

But the Greens have argued the renewable energy target should be raised to
increase demand and household RECs be traded in a separate market.

Minister Assisting the Minister for Climate Change Greg Combet said the
Government had recognised the spot market price of RECs had slumped, prompting
concerns from ``some in the renewable energy industry''. ``(But) most renewable
energy projects enter into long-term contracts for the sale of RECs and are
therefore less subject to short term fluctuations in the spot market,'' he said.

Should household solar hot water and electricity rebates be abandoned?

HAVE YOUR SAY

weeklytimesnow.com.au

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Blairsville Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 5, 2011 Friday

Highridge Water Authority area water extensions projected for fall

BYLINE: Jeff Himler, The Blairsville Dispatch, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 996 words


Aug. 05--BLAIRSVILLE -- The Highridge Water Authority is planning to proceed
with two water extension projects that will serve more than 200 new customers in
Derry Township and a handful more west of Brush Valley. Both could be under
construction this fall.

In the long-awaited Derry Township project, Executive Director George Sulkosky
said Blairsville-based Highridge intends to extend a water main along the Rt. 22
corridor, from the vicinity of Auction Barn Road west to the intersection of Rt.
982. The $3.2 million project also will bring service to adjacent sections of
Auction Barn and Livermore roads, Rt. 982 and an area between Westinghouse Road
and Rt. 22.

The authority additionally will install a pump station and a water storage tank
to serve the new customers. A total of about 225 households will gain access to
public water once work is completed.

Before proceeding with the project, Highridge must close on a $2.7 million loan
offered through the state PennVEST program with an interest rate of one percent
over 20 years.

If the authority can do so by the end of August, Sulkosky said, "There's a good
chance we can start in early October with construction."

Sulkosky noted the project has "been a long time in the making," with planning
that began in 1998 in response to a desire for water service among area
residents. "There's always been an interest out there from a number of people,"
he said.

Among areas to benefit from the extended water service is a mobile home park at
the Rt. 982 intersection.

"That trailer court really needs it," said township Supervisor Dave Slifka.
"They all want it out there."

Sulkosky said the cooperation of township officials has helped to make the line
extension feasible. "One of the things we needed was a mandatory connection
ordinance," he said, indicating past township boards had resisted adopting the
measure.

According to Slifka, the current township ordinance requires those within 250
feet of the line to connect. He said that distance was increased from 150 feet
in a previous version of the ordinance.

Included in the plan

The township also helped in obtaining a $550,000 community development block
grant to cover some project costs. That state funding, administered by
Westmoreland County, is meant to benefit a majority of low- and moderate-income
residents. As a result, Sulkosky said, the authority's $950 connection fee will
be waived for households that meet income qualifications as determined by county
officials.

Derry Township's supervisors recently approved two subdivisions that will
provide sites for facilities needed for the project. The pump station will be
located along Truman Road, and a 250,000-gallon water storage tank will be
constructed along Deep Hollow Road, Slifka said.

Sulkosky noted contracts are in place for all of the needed construction work.
D.T. Construction of Dunbar will be paid $1.5 million for installing the water
line; Ohio-based Mid Atlantic Storage Systems will erect the water tank at a
cost of $350,000; and Greensburg Environmental Contracting will construct the
pump station for $329,000.

Extending water to the mobile home park will require boring under Route 22.

Large commercial customers already served near the new Derry Township extension
include the Westinghouse Specialty Metals Plant and A.C. Miller Concrete
Products.

Highridge could begin work as early as next month on its planned Budner's line
extension located near the site of the same-named restaurant along Rt. 56 west
of Brush Valley, Sulkosky said. He said a few thousand feet of line will be
installed to serve six homes on a hill heading west toward Homer City.

Sulkosky explained those households weren't included in a recent $6 million
project serving about 500 customers in the Brush Valley area because the homes
were located too far away to be subject to a mandatory connection ordinance.

Now, he said, "We have commitments from the people" to tap into the extended
water main, along with $85,000 in funding secured with the help of Congressman
Bill Shuster and state Rep. Dave Reed. Sulkosky said the project is expected to
cost about $100,000.

Meanwhile, Sulkosky said, work was set to begin on renovations needed to bring
one of the authority's three reservoirs back into service. He said improvements
to the century-old Sugar Run Dam near Seward will include cleaning silt from the
reservoir and using it along with rock buttressing to reinforce the earth-fill
dam. Other work will include renovating the face of the dam and installing new
drains.

A state loan and grant package of $3.7 million is covering the cost including
engineering. Thomas Construction of Grove City has been awarded a $2.4 million
contract to complete the renovation.

Once restored, the Sugar Run Dam will provide the authority with an additional
130 million gallons of water storage capacity. Although Thomas will have a full
year to complete its work, Sulkosky expressed hope the reservoir could be back
in service as early as next spring.

Sulkosky said Highridge has had no difficulty meeting customer needs with its
other reservoirs but added that having Sugar Run online once more will give the
authority extra capacity to serve future development as well as flexibility in
the event one of the other reservoirs needs to be taken offline for maintenance.

"You can never have too much water," Sulkosky said.

Other Highridge reservoirs include Tub Mill Dam, with a capacity of 200 million
gallons of water, and Big Spring Dam, which can hold 35 million gallons.

Highridge Water Authority serves about 5,000 customers in Indiana and
Westmoreland counties.

To see more of The Blairsville Dispatch or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/blairsvilledispatch/. Copyright (c) 2011, The
Blairsville Dispatch, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110805-DH-Highridge-Water-Authority-area-water
-extensions-projected-for-fall-0805-20110805

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DH


                    Copyright 2011 The Blairsville Dispatch


                              857 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                                August 24, 2016

4,000 Water Tanks Installed in Rainwater Harvest Drive

BYLINE: Emmanuel Ntirenganya

LENGTH: 604 words


Over 4,000 water tanks were installed by the end of July in different districts
across the country under the Rainwater Harvesting Project which aims to improve
livelihoods and to reduce surface runoff-overflow which causes erosion.

The project prioritised high rain density areas, with a target of installing
10,000 water tanks by December.

The three-year project is being implemented by Rwanda Natural Resources
Authority (RNRA) since January 2014 in six districts namely Nyarugenge, Gasabo,
Kicukiro, Musanze, Nyabihu and Rubavu.

According to Innocent Nizeyimana, the project manager, the project is worth over
Rwf2.5 billion with the government subsidy amounting to Rwf952 million.

Those who benefit from the subsidy are Rwandans in the third and fourth Ubudehe
Social Stratification, and the beneficiary has to own a house.

The project has three components namely; supporting households purchase
rainwater tanks through a loan and subsidy system, constructing rainwater
harvesting systems on selected public institutions and households' settlements,
and supporting poor rural households construct artisan tanks by providing them
with basic construction materials.

During an interview with The New Times on Monday, Nizeyimana said construction
works for the rainwater harvesting systems in 70 public institutions and five
grouped settlements is in final stages.

On why the project implementation seemed to move at a slow pace, he said: "It is
demand-driven. We sensitise people and they request a tank when they need it.
But, you might also sensitise some when it is not their priority," he said.

"We hope to reach the targeted number of people because we are considering
extending the project elsewhere in the country."

He noted that in the Eastern Province, residents showed much interest.

"The residents face water shortages in the area but when it rains, rainwater
goes to waste, yet, they will need the water the following day," he said,
pointing out that the government's plan is to ensure that rainwater retention
system is availed to all Rwandans.

RNRA started working with GT Bank in July 2015, but later signed a contract with
70 Umurenge Savings and Credit Cooperatives (USACCOs) to facilitate people's
access to 'tank loans'.

For GT Bank, the loan interest rate was given at 10 per cent while each SACCO
has its own interest rate, each at around 10 per cent.

The loan is repaid on a monthly basis over the course of one year.

The Vice Mayor for Social Affairs in Musanze District, Marie Claire Uwamariya,
said working with one bank made some people wait for long to get tanks, which
was discouraging.

But with Umurenge SACCOs, it was realised that more people had started to
embrace the project as the SACCOs are close to people.

About 542 tanks were installed in Musanze District by end July.

"After easing the process of acquiring the tanks, the number of people who have
embraced the project has increased," she noted.

The tanks varied in size and price.

A 5,000 litre tank costs between Rwf375,000 and Rwf389,000; a 3,500 litre tank
goes for Rwf255,000 to Rwf270,000; that of 2,500 litres costs from Rwf175,000 to
Rwf190,000 with that of 2,000 litres going for Rwf170,000 to Rwf185,000. These
are prices before subsidy.

Uwamariya said the district intends to offer free tanks to needy households.

It is obvious that there are some vulnerable people who cannot afford the tank
despite the subsidy, he said.

Under the project, Nizeyimana said, 4,000 vulnerable households in the three
upcountry districts of Musanze, Nyabihu and Rubavu were each provided with one
sheeting and five iron sheets to set up a water retaining structure.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

Irish Water to launch EUR 650,000 ad campaign

BYLINE: Laura Slattery

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 402 words


Seven steps and three days from "cloud to glass". Irish Water, the utility
company responsible for developing and billing for water services, is launching
an eight-week advertising campaign designed to persuade consumers that drinkable
water doesn't simply fall from the sky.

The public body is spending EUR 650,000 to highlight the role "much-needed
investment" will play in delivering a clean drinking water and wastewater
supply.

Designed by Irish Water's creative agency Rothco, the campaign will run across
television, radio, press, out-of-home, cinema and digital media for a period of
eight weeks, coinciding with the period in which the first water bills will be
sent to households.

'Everybody' Irish Water head of communications Elizabeth Arnett said the
campaign was aimed at "everybody", not just the households that have yet to
register.

The point of the campaign is "to highlight some of the challenges we have" in
maintaining the water supply, she said.

One out-of-home poster advertisement in the "Cloud to Glass" campaign states
that it takes "up to three days and seven complex stages to make raw water
drinkable" followed by the line "we're here to keep up with demand".

The television and cinema ads feature animations that show the treatment process
from the reservoir to the tap.

"This is very much a public information campaign," said Irish Water marketing
manager Wendy Jennings. "A creative marketing campaign such as this one is very
important when we have so many people to communicate with. We think this is the
right campaign for now."

Cutting wastage The State-owned company is keen to get across the message that
it is engaged in a large-scale capital-investment programme to upgrade Ireland's
water infrastructure, with the aim of cutting wastage from leaks and reducing
the number of boil-water notices, among other things.

More than 1.2 million households have registered with Irish Water, about 200,000
of which will not be required to pay bills because they have private wells and
septic tanks. Registration means the household qualifies for the Government's
EUR 100 water conservation grant.

About 1.5 million households are expected to receive their first water bills in
April.

The utility company was dogged by controversy and criticism when it began its
first communications campaign last year and the Government's introduction of
water charges remains the subject of regular protests.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Nottingham Evening Post

                           February 7, 2013 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

There's so much you can do to cut your fuel bills;
Expert advice With TV property expert Martin Roberts

SECTION: PROPERTY POST;FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1048 words


IF you're worried about rising fuel costs and conserving the environment, you
need an efficient central heating system in your home. In any case, if you are
selling or renting your house, you are required to have an energy performance
certificate (EPC) showing how energy-efficient your home is.

Here are my thoughts on how to heat your home efficiently. ¦ Choose an
energy-efficient boiler - the most efficient are condensing boilers. Look out
for the Energy Saving Trust Recommended label when you're choosing a new boiler.
Boilers older than 20 years don't work as well.

¦ Turn your thermostat down - even by just one degree Celsius.

You'll use less fuel and you could save up to 10 per cent on your heating bills.
Put on extra clothes if you feel chilly.

¦ Get in control - with separate thermostats for heating and hot water and
thermostats on the radiator valves themselves, so you can adjust them
individually.

¦ Use an electronic timer to make sure the heating is only on when you need it.

¦ Insulate your loft - you can do this yourself. Make sure your loft insulation
is at least 270mm thick.

¦ Insulate your walls - cavity wall insulation is quick and easy to install. You
can insulate solid walls too but this is a bigger and more costly job.

¦ Understand your system - if you are having a service or repair on your boiler
or having a new one installed, ask the person doing the job to talk you through
the controls. Using it properly could reduce costs. ¦ Have your windows
double-glazed - this can reduce heat loss by 50 per cent. If you can't stretch
to this, put draught-proofing strips around them to stop cold air coming in and
heat escaping.

¦ Get a jacket for your hot water tank which is at least 75mm thick. Lagging
your pipes can also conserve energy.

¦ Under foot - use under-floor insulation if you have a cellar or space
underneath the floors.

Renewable energy No longer just for eco-warriors, renewable energy is a viable
option for heating homes. Ways of heating and producing hot water using
renewable energy are: ¦ Solar water heating - solar panels aren't cheap but the
financial case for having them makes more sense as fuel prices rise. They rely
on sunlight rather than air temperature, so even on cold days, they'll work.
Costs for solar water heating panels for the average house are around
£4,000-6,000 but you could get a government grant. Fuel bills could fall by 40
per cent.

¦ Ground source heat pumps - these use pipes buried in the garden to extract
heat from the ground to warm water for radiators or under-floor heating or to
pre-heat water before it goes into a conventional boiler. They can be used
throughout the year.

¦ Air and water source heat pumps - these extract heat from air or water instead
of the ground and can be fitted outside a house or in the roof space. Water
source heat pumps can be used in homes near to rivers, streams and lakes. ¦
Biomass boilers - work like conventional boilers but use organic fuels from
plants or commercial waste.

Switching to a renewable energy system in your home could mean you qualify for
the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) - a Government initiative due to kick in for
domestic households in summer 2013.

Government initiatives The Warm Front scheme, which offered grants to help pay
for loft, cavity or hot water tank insulation or draft proofing, came to an end
on January 19. However, the Energy Company Obligation came into force on January
1 alongside the Government's new Green Deal which started on January, 28.

Energy Company Obligation This is an initiative involving the big six energy
suppliers and offers support to the poorest and most vulnerable household and
homes that are "hard to treat", such as period properties. The ECO is made up
of: 1. Affordable warmth obligation.

This will provide heating and hot water saving measures, insulation, glazing and
micro-generation technologies to low-income and vulnerable households. It's
means-tested and the eligibility criteria is quite complex, so if you're
interested, call the Energy Saving Advice Service on 0300 123 1234.

2. Carbon Saving Obligation This will provide funding to insulate solid-walled
properties (internal and external wall insulation) and those with "hard to
treat" cavity walls.

This is not means-tested but can be used in conjunction with the Green Deal. The
aim is to provide enough support to make these relatively expensive measures
cost-effective. 3. Carbon Saving Communities Obligation - will provide
insulation and glazing measures to people living in the bottom 15 per cent of
the UK's most deprived areas. It is expected that this element of ECO will
particularly benefit the social housing sector.

The Green Deal offers financial help to individuals and businesses wanting to
make energy-saving improvements to their homes or premises. The type of
improvements covered by the scheme are: ¦ Insulation - eg, loft or cavity wall
insulation.

¦ Heating and hot water. ¦ Draught-proofing. ¦ Double glazing. ¦ Microgeneration
(generating your own energy) eg, solar panels. You'd need to have the property
assessed by an authorised Green Deal assessor (look out for the Green Deal
Approved Quality Mark) and they will provide you with a report explaining what
improvements can be made and give you an estimate of how much you could save on
your energy bills. You can take the report to one or more Green Deal Providers,
who can arrange and fund the improvements. If you decide to take up a Green Deal
offer, you will then sign a Green Deal Plan, which is a contract between you and
the Green Deal Provider.

You have to meet the cost of having the improvements made and will pay it back
on an instalment plan through your electricity bill. Your electricity supplier
will pass your payments on to your Green Deal Provider. The golden rule is that
the expected savings on energy bills must exceed the costs of carrying out
improvement work.

There is also a Green Deal cash-back incentive which will run for a limited
time. Householders can claim back up to 50 per cent of the money they've spent
on energy-saving improvements under the Green Deal scheme, up to £1,000. It's a
first-come, first-serve deal. For more information, go to
https://gdcashback.decc.gov.uk If you have a property problem, e-mail
askmartin@martinroberts.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRAP UP: You can insulate your loft without expert help but make sure
the insulation is at least 270mm thick.
TAKE CONTROL: Turn your thermostat down.
PURRFECT: Fit thermostats on radiator valves.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NEP


                     Copyright 2013 Nottingham Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   January 26, 1994, Wednesday, City Edition

Grant could double city's money

BYLINE: DAN DeWITT

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 456 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



City Manager Jim Malcolm said the grant the Brooksville City Council voted to
apply for Monday night seemed "too good to be true."

The grant would help find and fix energy-wasting equipment in the city's  water
treatment facilities, said Bob Titterington, director of the city's  Public
Works Department.

It would pay for a survey of the city's facilities to determine if they are
wasteful, and would pay to upgrade anything found to be inefficient.

Though the city would have to pay half of the cost, the state eventually  would
return that money to the city to pay to improve plumbing in the homes of
Brooksville's poorer residents.

In other words, instead of the city's having to match the grant, as is  usually
the case, the city would get twice as much back as it would pay into  the
program.

"It sounds weird to me, too," Mayor John Tucker said after the meeting.  "I've
never been around grants that work this way."

The grant is not competitive. By applying, the city is virtually guaranteed  it
will receive some money, said Nancy Gilleland, program director of the  grant
agency, the Florida Energy Efficient Water Project.

The project has $ 400,000 to distribute to interested localities, and the
promise of $ 1-million more from the state Department of Community Affairs.

The size of the grants has ranged from $ 9,000 to $ 150,000, with the average
about $ 50,000, she said.

How much her program will award Brooksville depends on the findings of the
survey, which will be conducted by the University of Florida and the Florida
Rural Water Association, and on the amount the city is willing to pay.

The survey will take about two months, she said. It probably would be about  two
months after that before the city received any money.

The money that would go to upgrade poorer homes would be distributed  through
the Weatherization Assistance Program, which normally helps people  make their
houses more energy efficient.

"They'll be looking for people who have failing plumbing, no hot water  heater.
. . . A lot of the people will be single elderly people or single  heads of
households," Gilleland said.

Titterington said that considering the age of much of the city's water  system,
there should be room for improvement.

"I'm sure that we have a lot of old motors that have been around and are  not as
efficient as the new motors," he said.

He said that Will Smith, who oversees the city's water and sewage systems,
learned about the grant program. He said that applying for it is part of the
city's new emphasis on finding grant money.

"We're seeking them out," Titterington said. "Whenever you start  inquiring
about grants, you find out about more grants."

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              861 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                              May 8, 2007 Tuesday
                                 FIRST Edition

Rebates for solar to double

BYLINE: Gerard McManus

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 506  words


TAX incentives to encourage households to take up solar heating, hot water and
electricity generation will be doubled in today's Budget.

Schools and community education centres will also be able to apply for grants of
up to $12,000 each to install solar heating and hot water systems.

Treasurer Peter Costello will announce a doubling of the Government's solar
rebate scheme from $4000 to $8000 as part of a push to encourage the development
of the solar industry in Australia.

The cost of the higher rebate will be $150 million over five years, but there
will also be measures in today's Budget to train solar installers to meet the
expected demand as more people make the switch to solar.

The green measure comes as Mr Costello promised yesterday to deliver a Budget
for families, for long-term prosperity and for the environment.

''This will have measures which will improve Australia's environment, fund care
for our river systems and our greatest water basin, the Murray-Darling Basin,''
Mr Costello said.

''To make sure that we start preserving Australia's great natural resource, our
land, our riverways, our vegetation, our environment.''

Mr Costello also said today's Budget would help more people get back into the
workforce.

''It's a Budget which is designed to set Australia up for future opportunities,
to build the capacity of the Australian economy,'' the Treasurer said in his
last media interview before today's crucial Budget speech.

Mr Costello is also tipped to spend up big on defence, childcare incentives and
widen the Medicare coverage for dental care which affects peoples' health.

But the Opposition warned Mr Costello might resort to ''trickery'' to win back
disillusioned voters.

''With an election around the corner, Mr Costello will again have more tricks up
his sleeve than Mandrake the Magician,'' Labor's treasury spokesman Wayne Swan
said last night.

The Government would hope its $150 million incentive will not only help reduce
household power bills and their greenhouse footprint, but create competition and
innovation in the solar power industry.

Over time the plan is expected to bring the cost of solar power units down.

The Government's rebate scheme will be contrasted with the loan scheme unveiled
by Labor leader Kevin Rudd last weekend, which offered loans of up to $10,000
for households with incomes of up to $250,000.

Other measures expected in the Budget are:

TAX relief, possibly through family payments.

UP to $4000 a family for child care, through a one-off move to bring forward the
30 per cent childcare rebate by 12 months.

$1 billion boost for defence recruitment; big spending on hardware.

$350 million boost for dental services for chronically ill.

$120 million for after-school sports programs to fight childhood obesity.

$1.4 billion for business research and small business market development.

$1 billion to encourage Aborigines to own homes.

$200 million in international forestry plantations to fight global warming.


LOG ON FROM 7.30pm TO SEE WHAT THE 2007 FEDERAL

BUDGET MEANS FOR YOU

heraldsun.com.au

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            June 17, 1993, Thursday

Help for those under the weather Grant will boost insulation, cut utility bills
for needy families

BYLINE: Kathey Alexander

SECTION: EXTRA; Section G; Page 3

LENGTH: 279 words


The temperature had topped out at 120 degrees inside an elderly Cobb couple's
home when workers from a weatherization program found them last year. The home
had no air conditioning and no fan.

With improved insulation and other techniques to protect the home against the
elements, weatherization program workers helped the couple out of their
sweltering predicament.

Most cases aren't that extreme, but many older and low-income families struggle
to pay energy and utility bills inflated because of poor insulation and plumbing
they can't afford to fix.

That's where a $ 675,000 grant from Georgia Power to Cobb County's
weatherization program for needy families comes in.

The utility company's contribution is one of the largest single chunks of money
the county's Community Development program has received recently to help pay for
its weatherization work. The funds will help up to 2,500 low-income households
in Cobb make improvements that will lower their energy bills.

Households with incomes near the poverty level can receive up to $ 270 worth of
improvements, including low-energy fluorescent lights, weatherstripping for
doors, insulation of outlets and switchplates, hot water heaters and water pipes
and low-flow shower heads. The program is open to homeowners, renters and
apartment-dwellers.

"People don't realize what a big difference a savings in a utility bill can make
for a low-income person," said Terri Lancaster-Turnbull with Cobb's Community
Development program.

The Community Development program office is now taking applications for the
assistance program. For more information, phone Ms. Lancaster- Turnbull or Clark
Efan at 528-4614.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931750161

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              863 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            August 20, 2011 Saturday

Germany: 036B PILLS Pharmaceutical input and Elimination from local sources

LENGTH: 349  words


Project priority: Environmental challenges
Strategic Initiatives: unspecified
Start date: 01-09-2007
End date: 31-12-2012
ERDF Grant: 4,060,880.00
Total eligible cost: 8,353,528.92
In the western world (highly developed, densely populated) people are used to
consume and inevitably also dispose medicines or pharmaceuticals in private
households or hospitals that are connected to public sewer systems (see Annex to
chapter 1).


Purification is normally designed as an end-of-pipe solution in treatment plants
for mixed waste water, focussing on defined parameters. The wide range of
pharmaceutical substances or residues is hereby usually not considered. But some
negative effects (e.g. of hormones on the reproduction of fish) have already
been proven and the potential risks of pharmaceuticals on aquatic ecosystems is
giving reason to growing concerns.
The PILLS partnership aims to find out, whether the separation and treatment of
concentrated, pharmaceutically burdened waste water from highly concentrated
waste water point sources (such as hospitals, old people%s homes)
can be regarded as a sustainable, cost-effective step in the reduction of
overall discharge of such substances into the aquatic system.
The projects% results will be disseminated to the public in order to raise the
awareness for this problem (e.g. to protect waste water from contamination with
pharmaceuticals also in households). Since measures at treatment plants are
end-of-pipe   approaches and probably very cost intensive, they should be
regarded as last technical step to take, after avoidance. Therefore
communication measures leading to avoid water pollution are also important.
The aim of the project is
a) to gain comparable (scientific and practical) solutions to treat different
types of point sources that can also be transferred to other locations and
b) to take the problem to a broad discussion about protective measures as well
as about the responsibility of individuals, water boards, suppliers, hospitals
or health service providers to avoid the pollution of water resources.

country :Germany
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                                 July 31, 2014
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Septic tanks being checked

BYLINE: BRENDAN MALONE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 371 words


INSPECTORS FROM Cork County Councils Environment Directorate are currently
carrying out inspections of domestic waste water treatment systems/septic tanks
under the Domestic Wastewater Treatment Systems National Inspection Plan.

To date there are 99 completed inspections with 60% of the systems inspected
were found to be non-compliant. The most common problem found was that the
systems are not being regularly de-sludged. All areas of the county are liable
to inspections, with priority given to areas where water quality, particularly
drinking water, is most at risk from pollution by on-site waste water treatment
systems.

Inspections are being carried out to ensure that septic tanks/waste water
treatment systems are operating properly and do not pose a risk to human health
or the environment.

A council spokesman said owners of systems selected for inspection will be
notified at least 10 working days in advance of an inspection being carried out.
All inspections will be carried out by qualified local authority personnel.

"Householders should not allow any person to enter their property to examine
their treatment systems unless they have received prior notification in writing
from their local authority that their system is to be inspected," said the
council spokesperson. "Any person claiming to be from local authority should be
asked for official identification."

There is no fee for the first inspection and the inspector does not require
access to the house, only to the land around the house and on which the DWWTS is
located.

Meanwhile, grants are available for the carrying out of remediation, repair,
upgrading works, replacement of a domestic waste water treatment system, where
such work arises directly from an inspection under the National Inspection Plan.

To qualify for grant aid the system requiring remediation must have been
registered by the owner of the premises connected to it by February 1, 2013.
There are household income limits regarding availability of the grant.

Further information on inspections and grants is available on the council
website at www.corkcoco.ie. Information leaflets are available in council
offices and libraries, or you can contact the Environment Directorate at
021-4532700.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CMN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Nelson Daily News (British Columbia)

                              March 6, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Facing the facts and the future

BYLINE: Donna Macdonald, Nelson Daily News

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Around the Table; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 689  words


Well, you've received your water and sewer utility bill, and perhaps gasped in
alarm at the increase. I hope you also, like council, have accepted the fact
that we simply have to stabilize the future of our utilities.

In recent years, the notion of an 'infrastructure deficit' got lots of play
across Canada. That deficit includes the rusty, cracked, leaking pipes that lie
beneath us - pipes that we rely on to deliver water and sewage, and that
increasingly fail us.

Roads and sidewalks are part of that infrastructure too, but at least you can
see when they need replacing! Yet I remember 20 years ago when Mayor Bill
Ramsden earned the nickname Blacktop Bill because he boldly withstood the wrath
of taxpayers and raised taxes to start repairing streets.

Did past councils just ignore or cover up the infrastructure problems? Not
really.

I've pulled off my dusty shelf some old reports. Two Comprehensive Development
Plans (Phase I, 1988, and Phase II, 1991) looked at infrastructure condition and
replacement plans. In 1996, a Comprehensive Development Plan Update Report and a
Water Supply Review were completed.

The information in those reports is fairly consistent with what we now know, and
was used to guide public works planning (when crisis management allowed).

The difference now is that our knowledge is far more thorough and precise. We
have more sophisticated tools and data to use for planning and decision-making.

Plus we have staff who aren't willing to enable politicians in the game of
let's-stick-our-heads-in-the-sand for another year. Instead, they showed us
20-year projections of the work that's needed and when it's needed. They showed
us the costs, and the revenues - fees, borrowing, reserves, grants. They didn't
leave us much room to get our heads in the sand.

It's not just the rotten old pipes that are driving the rate increases. In the
water system, for example, the provincial government is requiring expensive
'improvements' to our water treatment system. Estimated cost $19 million.

And the need for a secondary water source has been identified - risk management
in case the pipe from Five Mile Creek that delivers 90 per cent of our water
fails. The 1996 water report, and the more recent Water Master Plan, evaluated
using wells and other creeks, but landed in the same place. The lake. Kaching.
Another estimated $7 million.

It's important to understand that water and sewer are utilities. That means
they're self-funded by the revenues I noted above, and are not supported by
taxes. You can be confident that every penny of your water & sewer fees is going
straight to operations and capital improvements for those utilities.

And while the fee increases may feel steep, we're still getting a good deal.
Less than $1.00 a day per household for all the safe clean water we want! And
even less to get rid of household liquid waste.

But should we all use as much water as we want? Of course not. Water is
precious, and treated water has a cost attached to it. That's why the City dug a
well at the cemetery and uses lake water for irrigating Lakeside Park and
fields.

And, I think, sooner than later we need to look at water meters. Castlegar is
just embarking on a five-year plan to install meters in all homes and
businesses. Meters encourage conservation, which will become more important with
climate change.

And they're fairer. With a meter, the single person living modestly in an
apartment pays much less than her neighbour who spends Saturday afternoons
washing down the street.

As well, we'll review our water and sewer fee schedules over the next year. For
example, as recent letter writers have pointed out, there are inconsistencies
between how we charge for water service and our goal to encourage affordable
housing options.

The good news? We're ready to grab those new infrastructure grants. Our plans
and shovels are ready.

If you want to learn more and share your ideas, come to the Hume Hotel next
Thursday, March 12. Starting at 2 p.m., there'll be an open house and at 4:30
p.m. a presentation specifically on the water and sewer utilities. And at 6:30
p.m. on the financial plan (budget) overall.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Nelson Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                        May 2, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

West Virginia American Water Launches Special Reduced Rate Program for Low
Income Customers

LENGTH: 591  words


New Delhi, May 2 -- West Virginia American Water announced today the launch of a
new program to provide a 20 percent discount on current residential water rates
for certain low income households. The program, which will be offered
year-round, was recently approved by the Public Service Commission of West
Virginia.



"We pursued this program with the support of the state of West Virginia as a way
to lessen the impact of rate increases for customers struggling to make ends
meet," said President Jeff McIntyre. "While we have made sincere efforts to make
water service even more affordable for those customers in the greatest need,
water service costs continue to increase due to much- needed capital investment
to ensure the reliability of water service and to meet more stringent
regulations."

To qualify, one must be a residential West Virginia American Water customer and
currently receive at least one of the following:

* SSI (Supplemental Security Income)

* WV WORKS

* SNAP (Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program) and be 60 years of age or
older.

"Our current rates provide customers with high-quality water service at an
exceptional value - approximately a penny per gallon," McIntyre said. "With this
discount program in place, some customers will now receive this service for even
less than a penny per gallon."

Under the program, the average residential household bill (3,315 gallons) would
be discounted from $39.11 to $31.29 per month and the minimum bill (1,500
gallons) would be discounted from $21.67 to $17.34 per month.

Eligibility for this program is determined by the West Virginia Department of
Health & Human Resources (WVDHHR). West Virginia American Water customers who
are determined by WVDHHR to be eligible will receive a special application in
the mail from WVDHHR within the next two weeks. These applications are
customized specifically for this program and are the only way for customers to
enroll. Customers who are certain that they qualify but have not received an
application in the mail by mid-May should contact their local WVDHHR office.

"The water bill is one of the lowest household utility bills that customers pay.
However, the money they pay through water bills covers the costs of essential
system improvements, as well as operating costs associated with the treatment,
monitoring and distribution of your water," McIntyre said. "This program is a
way to recognize that saving even a few dollars a month is meaningful to many of
our customers in greatest need, while still recognizing that water rates must
reflect the true cost of providing service in a geographically challenging and
often sparsely populated area."

In the past, West Virginia American Water has offered utility assistance through
the Dollar Energy Fund, which historically has provided one-time grants to a few
hundred eligible West Virginia American Water customers each year. This new low
income customer assistance program will allow thousands of customers to receive
assistance each month, year-round. The PSC's Consumer Advocate Division
estimates that approximately five to 10 percent of the company's residential
customers will be eligible for this 20 percent discount.

The program is underwritten by the state through a credit against the company's
business and occupation tax. Customers paying full water rates will not be
subsidizing other West Virginia American Water customers through this program.
Likewise, grants made through Dollar Energy are made possible by the
shareholders of West Virginia American Water, not its customers.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                              June 22, 2014 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

'Astounding' hit lurks in sewage mess; Treatment-plant impasse triggers alarm
about potential impact on your wallet

BYLINE: Bill Cleverley, Times Colonist

SECTION: CAPITAL &; VAN. ISL.; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1052 words


The impasse over locating a sewage-treatment plant at Esquimalt's McLoughlin
Point could translate into "astounding" property tax increases for homeowners
both inside and outside the township's boundaries, say some local politicians.

So desperate is the Capital Regional District to both get on with its plans and
preserve senior government funding that it has offered Esquimalt $19 million to
locate a plant at McLoughlin - enough money to pay Esquimalt's share of building
a treatment plant and biosolids facility.

If the offer is accepted, it would reduce the total cost to individual Esquimalt
property owners for sewage treatment to about $125 a year (the amount needed to
cover the municipality's share of operating costs for the entire system) from
the estimated $311 a year each homeowner was forecast to pay.

But those figures are based on the regional project getting $501 million in
federal and provincial grants.

If the proposed treatment plant has to be built without senior government money,
the typical Esquimalt householder's share would increase to $685 a year for
sewage treatment, say CRD staff estimates.

It's exactly that type of increase that's worrying many CRD directors, who say
Esquimalt's refusal to rezone McLoughlin and its unhurried approach to
revisiting the issue could translate into massive tax increases for property
owners - inside and outside Esquimalt.

Oak Bay Mayor Nils Jensen said the urgency of the situation can't be overstated.

"Just doing a straight-line calculation for Oak Bay, an average household in Oak
Bay under the current plan would be about $450 per household.

"That's not just during the time of construction, that's from here on in,"
Jensen said.

"That's with a $500-million grant. If we were to lose that grant, the cost per
household, again on a simple straight-line calculation, would go to $1,350. If
we were to go on a distributed model [multiple plants] with no grant, we're
looking at $2,700," he said.

"That is an astounding hit for any taxpayer," Jensen said, adding that while the
dollar numbers vary from municipality to municipality, the magnitude of the
increase will be the same.

"We're all worried," said Saanich Mayor Frank Leonard about potential tax
increases.

Esquimalt's decision to deny the CRD's application to rezone McLoughlin for a
treatment plant came after an extensive public hearing that spanned four
sessions and saw hundreds of residents speak against the proposal.

The CRD appealed to the province to intervene and overturn the decision, but
Environment Minister Mary Polak refused and has maintained that the region must
build sewage treatment while acknowledging that delays could jeopardize the $501
million in senior government funding.

As the CRD's bid from a preferred proponent to build a plant at McLoughlin
expires on July 26, the CRD has asked that Esquimalt respond to its latest offer
by July 16.

While Esquimalt Mayor Barb Desjardins said she will take the CRD's offer back to
council and residents, there is no way a July 16 deadline can be met given the
council's scheduled summer recess and the need for consultation.

Besides, she said, the refusal was not about the money. Offering a "bribe" at
the eleventh hour is insulting to residents who oppose a treatment plant at
McLoughlin for a variety of reasons, including tsunami risk, the proposed
treatment model and global warming, she said.

"We have turned down the zoning based on the height and setbacks and what we
heard from the public," Desjardins said. "It was never about the money before,
so now there's money on the table and you're asking me to go back, but it wasn't
about the money."

Since the province's decision not to intervene, Esquimalt has floated the
possibility of having a tertiary treatment plant built for Esquimalt and View
Royal as part of its village core revitalization project.

Leonard hopes Esquimalt residents let Desjardins know how they feel.

"I hope she gets some phone calls and emails from Esquimalt taxpayers who find
saving at least $400 a year attractive. I guess if she can't consider it until
the fall, that reinforces the position some of us have taken with the provincial
government that we really never had a fair shot in Esquimalt," Leonard said.

Victoria Coun. Geoff Young, who chairs of the CRD's liquid waste committee and
attended all of Esquimalt's public hearings, said Esquimalt residents might just
find the prospect of having a free sewage-treatment plant at McLoughlin
preferable to paying to build a tertiary treatment plant in the town centre.

Young said the situation has changed since the public hearing and there is now a
lot of information that wasn't available when the CRD sought the rezoning.

A lot of the concerns raised at the hearing have now been addressed, including
issues over cost overruns, design and treatment of substances of emerging
concern, Young said.

"We now know that on the main plant - McLoughlin - we were basically on budget.
Now we don't have bids for Hartland for the biosolids [processing], but we have
bidders," Young said.

"People thought it was going to be ugly. It is, in fact, quite attractive.
People thought it would not address substances of emerging concern, but advanced
oxidation does it very well, better than MBR [membrane bioreactor] technology
that you find in tertiary plants in many instances. So I feel there really is a
legitimate reason to ask Esquimalt council to think about it again," Young said.

Asked whether she preferred Esquimalt building and paying for its own treatment
plant rather than having a regional plant built at no cost to taxpayers,
Desjardins said the question was not that simple.

"It will come down to do you want dollars in your pocket or do you believe the
environmental issues that were put forward before are substantial enough not to
have that plant at McLoughlin," she said.

The CRD has to have a plant running by 2018 to meet federal and provincial
government funding deadlines.

Leonard said he has seen nothing to indicate that the federal or provincial
deadlines are flexible.

"I don't know what would motivate the federal or provincial government to want
them to be flexible," Leonard said.

If municipalities decide to build their own treatment plants, the funding
agreements would be invalidated, according to CRD staff.

bcleverley@timescolonist.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bruce Stotesbury, Times Colonist; Esquimalt Mayor Barb Desjardins:
Eleventh hour bribe" is insulting.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Greenville Herald-Banner (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 20, 2014 Sunday

Giving a Head Start

BYLINE: Joseph Hamrick, The Herald Banner, Greenville, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 843 words


April 20--GREENVILLE -- For students who grow up in a low-income household, the
start of their education career can be difficult.

That situation is exacerbated when students are raised in a single-parent
household.

According to a research study conducted by the National Center for Education
Statistics, low-income students are six times more likely to drop out of high
school than their peers.

Judy Evans, director of Head Start Hunt County and principal of L.P. Waters
Early Childhood Learning Center, wants to help bridge the learning gap as early
as possible.

The Greenville Independent School District recently received a five-year, $1.9
million grant renewal for the program.

Now in her fourth year as director, Evans is part of the federal program that
offers free education to eligible children in Hunt County.

Head Start Hunt County also operates in Commerce and Quinlan, but with more than
100 students, L.P. Waters is the county's central hub.

Evans said she sees a lot of families who want the best for their children, but
do not have the income to support a healthy education.

"Often it's single, low-income families," she said.

That's where Head Start comes in.

"Sometimes they don't have experiences other kids have," she said, adding that
many of the students who begin do not have knowledge of colors or letters. "Our
goal is to get them ready for kindergarten."

The Head Start at L.P. Waters is different than many Head Start programs across
the country in that it does not have specific rooms designated for students in
the program.

Evans said they have the Head Start students mingle with the other students to
show that all students are considered equal at L.P. Waters.

"No one is singled out as a Head Start Student here," she said, adding the
children do not realize they are in the program. "The only difference is
funding."

By including children from various ethnicities and walks of life, Head Start
helps each student learn how to engage in a diverse environment.

"It excites me that I have such a variety of demographics," she said.

Evans said with half the teachers at L.P. Waters holding masters degrees, they
are highly qualified to meet the children's needs.

With two teachers per classroom, Evans said students are able to receive more
hands on learning.

"I think that offers a lot more opportunity for smaller group instruction and
really a safer environment," she said.

Not only does the program bolster the children's education, but Evans also hosts
monthly meetings that help prepare parents for their child's continuing
education.

"It's not only about getting students prepared for kindergarten, but the parents
as well," she said. "It is not just a regular school, it's a variety of
interested community members who choose to volunteer to come here to continually
assess our program and make it better."

In the spirit of preparing parents as well, L.P. Waters is also part of a grant
that bolsters Head Start by offering job training and ESL classes for parents
and students.

The class, taught by Vickie Peterson, is funded through the Texas Literacy
Initiative (TLI) grant.

Evans said she is glad the W. Walworth Harrison Library is interested in
literacy for adults.

"The library allows us to have the classes there at night," she said. "We are
all partners together. It does not just benefit Head Start parents, it benefits
any parent who needs it."

Evans said the parents who attend the meetings and literacy classes are
determined their children get a good education.

"They want to learn English," she said, adding the parents work with their
children very diligently. "They so want to help their children. They are that
determined to make a difference."

Through the monthly Head Start meetings, Evans is able to meet with parents,
teachers, school board members and teachers from kindergarten schools and above
to get feedback on how the program is going and make any appropriate changes in
the program.

Evans said learning from the diverse group of people is what has helped the
program succeed.

"It's exciting, it's fun, and I think it's exemplary," she said. "We just want
to get them ready for school. We want them to be successful. I think we're doing
a really good job at it. Our teachers are amazing. I'm just so grateful."

The program has been around since 1998 when now Executive Director for Human
Resources at GISD Ralph Sanders began it in a small school building off of
Interstate 30.

Evans said Sanders deserves great credit for starting the program, and is glad
she is able to continue the program and help children and parents alike, succeed
in the community.

"We have seen lots of wonderful things happen in this school to help prepare
kids," she said. "It empowers students, empowers parents and empowers the
community to do great things for our kids."

To see if your child is eligible for the program, visit the Texas Head Start
Association at www.txhsa.org/Enrollment.html

___ (c)2014 The Herald Banner (Greenville, Texas) Visit The Herald Banner
(Greenville, Texas) at www.heraldbanner.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140420-GC-Giving-a-Head-Start-0420-20140420

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GC


                    Copyright 2014 Greenville Herald-Banner


                              869 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Geelong Advertiser (Australia)

                           November 8, 2008 Saturday
                                1 - Main Edition

Bulk buying could lead solar revolution

BYLINE: PETER BEGG

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 211 words


GEELONG households should be offered a city-led solar hot water plan, according
to Brownbill ward Greens candidate Nick Montgomery.

Mr Montgomery said a bulk-buying plan could use the city's unique purchasing
power to buy solar hot water systems for most Geelong homes.

He said 10,000 households could be offered the opportunity to have solar hot
water installed in their homes.

Mr Montgomery, who's standing against veteran councillor Barbara Abley, is a
specialist in green economics and business. ``Solar hot water can save
households anywhere from $400 to $700 a year and significantly reduce carbon
emissions,'' he said. ``It will help shore up Geelong against emissions trading
and would kick-start support for green-collar jobs in Geelong.''

The Greens candidate said it would cost $15 million for solar hot water to be
rolled out for 10,000 homes, at $1500 per home, after savings from a bulk
purchase and government rebates.

``Initial capital costs, which may be raised in partnership with the State and
federal governments, would be recouped over time,'' he said.

``To participate in the bulk purchase the public can either pay upfront, make
use of the Federal Government's upcoming green home grant or have rates
minimally adjusted for payback in under 10 years.''

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GAT


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Fort Mill Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 15, 2013 Tuesday

Paradise grant committee will benefit from past efforts

BYLINE: Michael Harrison, Fort Mill Times (Fort Mill, S.C.)

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 763 words


Jan. 15--FORT MILL -- If the town ultimately wins a federal grant to make
improvements to the Paradise community, the roots of the effort stretch back two
years.

In 2011, officials from the town and the Catawba Regional Council of Governments
held a public meeting in a neighborhood church to explain the process, gather
input and answer questions. They told the audience that volunteers would be
going door-to-door to gather census-like data and, anticipating some reluctance,
the church's pastor encouraged residents to participate.

One of those volunteers, Rufus "Rudy" Sanders, who grew up in Paradise, was
appointed co-chair of the Paradise Community Survey Coordinating Committee.

"Rudy was a real warrior," Fort Mill Mayor Danny Funderburk said. "He'd go out
there on Saturdays and go door-to-door and say why this was important."

The committee, including Sanders' co-chair, Willie Culp, went to 725 households
that year, he said. In the end, the town was not awarded the renewable, $375,000
Community Development Block Grant, but those involved learned valuable lessons
they applied to this latest effort, which began in 2012. The next time
volunteers went door-to-door, they were after a smaller sample that's more in
line with requirements from the S.C. Department of Finance, which chooses a
winner from a list of competing municipalities.

But even a smaller sampling -- 325 this time -- was no small task. There's a lot
of personal information collected, including income, and more than a few
residents were hesitant to participate. That's where Culp played a big role,
Sanders said.

"We had to see that every resident filled out each block -- names, household
income, everything -- and we had to address the conditions of the property,"
Sanders said.

"Willie L. Culp worked morning, noon and night," Sanders said. "He's a very
important native of Paradise and was able to get doors open that I could not
open. We were successful in getting approximately 72 percent of low-to-moderate
income households [documented], which is what the CDBG [program] is looking for
in prescribing these grants."

What a grant would achieve

The "Paradise Neighborhood village renaissance plan," as it's called in the
grant application, would launch major infrastructure improvements. Some
officials, including Funderburk, mentioned replacing nearly century-old water
and sewer lines as a prime option, but the money could be used for sidewalks,
street lighting and park improvements. An advisory committee of officials and
neighborhood residents will get to choose the project, but water sewer lines
appear to be a dire need.

"Almost every week it seems, an old piece of plumbing erupts," Sanders said.

Now in the planning stage, funded with $25,000 the state obtained from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development, the process pairs Fort Mill with a
COG planner, said Jason Vance, community development coordinator for the COG.
That planner, Robby Moody, who is paid for his time out of that $25,000, will be
with the committee "every step of the way," Vance said.

Two public meetings -- one each in spring and summer -- will be scheduled. In
the previous effort, the meetings were held at Bethlehem Baptist Church, where
the Rev. Caldwell Culp (no relation to Willie Culp) encouraged residents who
showed up to get involved and not shy away if asked to provide data.

"We thank the church and Rev. Culp for providing a forum," Sanders said.

It's not been decided where the next set of meetings will be held, but Vance
said Bethlehem Baptist or another community church would be a likely venue.

A resident's concern

In the meantime, the prospect of getting $375,000 or more to improve Paradise is
generating interest among residents.

Isaac Bouler, 58, said he has lived in Paradise for 35 years, and although he
welcomes improvements -- sidewalks in particular -- Bouler said he wonders
whether there will be any unintended consequences.

"The only serious concern I have is, in the long run, would this make the taxes
go up and possibly people lose their homes? If it raises [property values] would
it raise taxes and then some people, elderly people, in a 10- or 15-year span
maybe lose their homes? I don't want anybody to be put in that situation," he
said.

Bouler said he plans to attend public meetings once they are announced.

This is the second installment of an occasional series about the town's attempt
to secure a federal grant.

___ (c)2013 the Fort Mill Times (Fort Mill, S.C.) Visit the Fort Mill Times
(Fort Mill, S.C.) at www.fortmilltimes.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130115-FI-Paradise-grant
-committee-will-benefit-from-past-efforts-0115-20130115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FI


                Copyright 2013 Fort Mill Times (North Carolina)


                              871 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Border Mail

                                 April 26, 2016

Albury Council rates to rise by 1.8 per cent, but waste charge falls

BYLINE: Anthony Bunn

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 403  words


RATEPAYERS in Albury are facing increased council costs of $39 per year or 75
cents a week under a budget being hailed for its low rate rise.

Under the draft budget adopted on Tuesday night, the council has agreed to a 1.8
per cent rate increase which matches the cap set by NSW's Independent Pricing
and Regulatory Tribunal.

The move means the average household rate will be $1259, up $23.

However, domestic waste charges will be cut by $23 to $250 because of surplus
funds and there will be a $28 rebate tied to the repealing of the carbon tax.

Nevertheless, household water consumption charges will rise 7 per cent to $1.39
per kilolitre for the first 225 kilolitres used per annum and by 3 per cent to
$2.34 per kilolitre for use from 226 to 19,999 kilolitres.

The council plans to borrow $5 million in new loans for projects, which will
result in a debt service ratio of 7 per cent, inside a benchmark of 20 per cent
set by the NSW Government in its Fit for the Future program.

Mayor Henk van de Ven described the budget as responsible and noted the rate
rise was a recent low.

'We are maintaining a high level of service to residents and providing the
infrastructure and facilities that a growing, modern city demands while keeping
all increases as low as possible,' Cr van de Ven said.

'We're pleased to again deliver a surplus budget in all three funds ' general,
water and sewer.

'The surplus funds will be used to fund planned infrastructure improvements.'

The council plans to spend $51.8 million on projects in 2016-17.

They include an Albury airport terminal upgrade ($2.2 million), sewerage works
($11.3 million), roads, bridges and footpaths ($9.2 million) and water schemes
($8.6 million).

Deputy mayor David Thurley applauded the budget in light of federal government
assistance grants being frozen, resulting in a decrease in income of $790,000
per year over three years.

"The balance in the general fund is a great achievement given we've had rate
pegging and we've had no indexation of financial assistance grants, to achieve a
balance in the general fund is a brilliant effort," Cr Thurley said.

The council's general manager Frank Zaknich said the city's service and
efficiency review was on track and projected to achieve $3 million in savings by
2017-18.

The draft budget is on public exhibition from April 30 to May 27 with feedback
able to be provided via the council's website or through the post or email.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                           January 31, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Scorched by the sun we should have made our friend

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 601  words


Another summer heatwave and once again the serious deficiencies in Australia's
power generation systems are exposed.

Would this nation have power cuts and blackouts if the power from the sun that
beats down on us so harshly in summer had been harnessed long ago?

How ridiculous to still have coal-fired power stations powering the nation's
air-conditioners when solar power is now proven and freely available.

Will Australia get moving towards a serious solar future only when the US
(probably employing Australian scientists) moves ahead under President Obama?

Mike Phoenix, Greenway The recent grumbles from people installing solar
photovoltaic panels is interesting, but misses a more fundamental question
("Solar demand soars despite delays", January 28, p4).

Your readers may not be aware that photovoltaic panels are not, by a long shot,
the best choice for the green consumer.

Green energy and carbon emission savings can be achieved much more effectively
and cheaply from solar hot water, even in Canberra's climate.

A quarter of household electricity is typically used for hot water.

A three- to four-person household converting from electric hot water to solar
hot water in Canberra will save four tonnes of carbon dioxide per annum compared
with a 1kW solar panel saving of about 1.4 tonnes.

Saving in electricity consumption will be similar (about three times the
electricity saved by solar hot water as would be generated in a year by a 1kW
solar panel).

Even a household converting from carbon-efficient gas hot water to solar will
save over one tonne a year of carbon dioxide not that far short of a 1kW
photovoltaic panel.

The puzzling thing is that all the interest seems to be on photovoltaic panels
in spite of the fact that, even with subsidies, they will probably cost the same
as, or more than, a solar hot water system to install.

Even more puzzling is the subsidy difference.

The maximum rebate for solar hot water is $1000 (zero for many consumers).

It is $8000 (federal subsidy only) for photovoltaic, even though it is only
one-third as effective at replacing electricity and saving carbon emissions as a
solar hot water system.

In total, the equivalent carbon dioxide savings from a photovoltaic panel will
attract 24 times the subsidy compared with a solar hot water system.

That's not even counting the ACT feed-in tariff subsidy which will increase the
photovoltaic subsidy even more.

Can someone in authority please clarify why much more effort (and subsidy) isn't
put into promoting solar hot water?

Glenn Pure, Kambah Driven to be robots Courtesy of Howard Carew (Letters,
January 29), the plight of the hapless visitor to our nation's capital is made
known.

So far I think I have accumulated three traffic offences simply because I failed
to notice the various signs and warnings as to the locations of various "robots"
placed around your fair city.

Briefly pointing sites out to my daughter after checking for immediate danger is
clearly a costly exercise.

But, when you think you have finally worked out where these sentinels are, the
ominous unmanned police van informing me that my speed has been checked (what
does this mean?)

appears out of nowhere.

The current nationwide regime of speed testing unfortunately does not take into
account those who constantly try to fight the force of gravity as it acts on
their foot and humanly fail, and those who deliberately use it.

I guess when we all become robots who precisely respond like automatons to the
threats of our various police departments, these authorities can then say they
have achieved something great.

Taki Douramanis, South Hobart, TAS

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2009 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              873 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            January 30, 2015 Friday

Kenya: Nairobi Sanitation Project

LENGTH: 566  words


Project ID: P131512
Region: Africa
Approval Date (as of board presentation): December 17, 2012
Closing Date: June 30, 2017
Commitment Amount: US$ 0.00  million
Total Project Cost: US$ 7.20  million
Borrower: NAIROBI WATER AND SEWERAGE COMPANY
Sectors:


General water, sanitation and flood protection sector100%
Project Description
The objective of this project is to increase access to sewerage and water supply
connections in Nairobi's low-income communities over a 4 year period.
The project builds upon a 2004 IDA Grant which successfully helped establish the
Nairobi City Water and Sewerage Company (NCWSC) as an autonomous and ring-fenced
service provision utility with clear roles, responsibilities and contractual
arrangements. NCWSC will be the project implementer and service provider for
this OBA project.
The project also builds on the 2007 IDA Credit (Water and Sanitation Service
Improvement Project or WaSSIP) which has funded, inter alia, significant
improvements to the water and sewerage networks in Nairobi's low-income areas.
This expansion of local networks, particularly sewer networks, within Nairobi's
low-income settlements has provided an opportunity for improved access to water
and sewerage services. However, the cost of connecting to these networks is too
high for low income families and so this project will provide targeted
output-based subsidies for eligible households to facilitate service access.
The primary focus of this OBA project is access to sanitation services. However,
given the need for clean water to be available for hygiene purposes (hand
washing, etc.), as well as for drinking and cooking, this project will also
offer subsidies for piped water supply access where the household is not alreadv
connected to the network. Project outputs will be:
Installation  of a  working  water supply  connection  and  6  months  of billed
water consumption.
Installation of a working sewer connection (including all associated internal
low cost plumbing/toilet facilities) and 6 months of billed service usage.
Water Connections
A water connection will involve: (I) installation of uPVC pipe to link the
household to distribution system; and (2) installation of meter.
Social Marketing and Hygiene Promotion
The Water and Sanitation Program (WSP) will be responsible for funding and
implementing a complementary social marketing and hygiene promotion program. WSP
is currently implementing a project: Innovation in Scaling-up Access to WSS for
the Urban Poor (P132015). Under this WSP project support will be given to
Nairobi City Water and Sewerage Company for: mapping low income urban areas;
leveraging water and sanitation infrastructure finance; further development of
the Social Connection Policy; use of appropriate technology; innovative metering
and billing approaches; and use of subsidized microfinance in Kenya's low-income
communities. This WSP project will also provide the required TA support tor the
implementation

Project completion date : 2017-06-30 12:00:00
Major organization : NAIROBI WATER AND SEWERAGE COMPANY

Address : P.O. Box 30656 Kampala Road, Nairobi,


Kenya
www.nairobiwater.co .ke

Country :Kenya
Financier : World Bank (WB)

Financier address : World Bank (WB)
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, DC 20433
USA.
Phone: (202) 473-1000
Fax: (202) 477-6391
http://www.worldbank.org /
Attn: Patrick Nduati Mwangi

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                                  May 28, 2016

Nats announce household gas rebate

BYLINE: Mike Foley

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 250 words


A BURNING issue was addressed on day two of the NSW Nationals, with a $90 rebate
for people who rely on gas delivery for heating, cooking and powering hot water
systems.

Deputy Premier and Nationals Leader Troy Grant used his address to the
conference to announce a rebate scheme for vulnerable, low-income households '
including pensioners ' that use liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) to power their
homes.

The scheme currently applies to residences connected to the gas network. Today's
announcement, backed with $8 million in funds, extends the scheme to a large
amount of regional not connected to the network.

Mr Grant said more than 80,000 households across NSW that use LPG, where the
average household bill totals around $500, are expected to benefit from the new
rebate.

'The vast majority of households that rely upon LPG to power their homes are
outside the Sydney metropolitan area, including Gosford, Tamworth, Grafton,
Dubbo, Port Macquarie and Batemans Bay,' Mr Grant said.

'We're taking some of the financial pressure off regional residents who rely on
LPG as part of their daily lives.''

Resources and Energy Minister Anthony Roberts said households eligible for the
gas rebate can still apply for other financial assistance under the government's
rebates program.

'This rebate is critical for customers in regional areas who do not have access
to the natural gas network and who thereby rely upon LPG,' Mr Roberts said.

The rebate is available from 1 July 2016. For more information click here

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Greenville Herald-Banner (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 5, 2008 Saturday

Caddo Mills receives $1.5 million grant for sewer system upgrade

BYLINE: Greenville Herald-Banner, Greenville, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 354 words


Apr. 5--CADDO MILLS -- The City of Caddo Mills got a big boost Friday towards
modernizing the community's sewer processing ability.

Caddo Mills city leaders were notified they will receive a $1,528,000 grant from
the USDA Rural Development's Community Program Water and Waste Disposal Loan and
Grant Programs.

According to a statement from Sue Stoneham, USDA Rural Development Manager in
McKinney, the funding will be used to convert the city's existing wastewater
treatment plant into a wet weather holding area and connect it to a proposed new
Wastewater Treatment Plant. Two new relief sewers in downtown Caddo Mills will
also replace two severely deteriorated and partially collapsed sewers.

"USDA Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Programs target public health
benefits and economic opportunities in America's rural communities," said
Scooter Brockette, the USDA acting state director. "Projects such as this one in
the City of Caddo Mills will help make the environment cleaner and protect the
public health for local residents."

According to USDA statistics, in fiscal year 2007, $133.9 million of loan and
grant assistance was distributed throughout rural Texas to serve 279,702
households.

The USDA Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Program is designed to bring
fresh, clean drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound sewage
facilities to rural America's 53 million residents. Loans and grants are
available to rural communities with fewer than 10,000 residents. Public bodies,
corporations operating on a non-profit basis, and Indian tribes, that are unable
to obtain credit from other sources at reasonable rates and terms, are eligible
for assistance.

To see more of Greenville Herald-Banner, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldbanner.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Greenville Herald-Banner,
Greenville, Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080405-GC-Caddo-Mills-receives-1.5-million-grant-for-sewer-system
-upgrade-0405

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GC


                                 Copyright 2008


                              876 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                             May 21, 2016 Saturday

SECTION: /EDITORIAL/CONTENT/SCMP/BUSINESS/GENERAL; biz market; Pg.2

LENGTH: 165 words


May 23 Final: Tse Sui Luen Jewellery (International)

AGM: Beijing Enterprises Water Group, Best Pacific International Holdings,
Branding China Group, Casablanca Group, CCT Fortis Holdings, CCT Land Holdings,
China Fiber Optic Network System Group, China Kingstone Mining Holdings, China
Overseas Grand Oceans Group, China Zhongsheng Resources Holdings, CMMB Vision
Holdings, Comtec Solar Systems Group, GET Holdings, Grand Concord International
Holdings, Great China Properties Holdings, Fujian Holdings, Hong Kong Ferry
(Holdings), Huarong International Financial Holdings, IPE Group, Kingboard
Chemical Holdings, Kingboard Laminates Holdings, North Asia Resources Holdings,
SOCAM Development, Silver Grant International Industries, Speedy Global
Holdings, Tian Ge Interactive Holdings, Trigiant Group, Trinity, Top Spring
International Holdings, Vital Mobile Holdings, WH Group, Winox Holdings,
Xiezhong International Holdings, Yanchang Petroleum International, Yongsheng
Advanced Materials

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Moonee Valley Leader (Australia)

                            November 16, 2009 Monday
                                 1 - MV Edition

In Brief

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 257  words


Club grants

SPORT and leisure clubs will receive a share of $59,000 in Moonee Valley Council
grants. Buckley Park Bowls Club will get $12,000 to resurface its turf green;
$7000 for wall repairs at Doutta Gala Tennis Club, $3595 to boost disability
access at Essendon Bowls Club; $17,000 for deck improvements at Moonee Ponds
Bowls Club; and $20,332 for roof repairs at Maribyrnong Park Bowls Club.

Green drive

RETROFIT your home with free light globes, apply for a $10,000 interest-free
green loan, get a water, energy or rubbish audit, and find rebates on discount
water tanks, solar panels and solar hot-water systems at a one-stop
sustainability shop. Join Moonee Valley Council's Sustainable Suburbs challenge
and help the Western Alliance for Greenhouse Action to make 18,000 households
energy and water efficient within a year. Details:
envirogroup.com.au/sustainablesuburbs

School cash

TWO Moonee Valley primary schools have each been awarded $1200 grants from
Telstra's Kids Fund. They are Avondale Primary School and St Peter's Primary
School. Telstra's fund has donated $750,000 this year.

Water rebates

MORE than 1000 Niddrie residents have taken advantage of water saving rebates as
part of the Water Smart Garden and Homes Rebates Scheme. Details:
ourwater.vic.gov.au

Premier awards

MOONEE Valley businesses, community groups, schools, individuals and government
agencies are invited to enter the 2010 Premier's Sustainability Awards.
Environment and Climate Submissions close February next year. Details: sustain
abilityawards.vic.gov.au

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: MVV


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           February 23, 2013 Saturday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

House with leaking pipes faces water bill of (EURO)47,000

BYLINE: Paul Melia ; Caroline Crawford

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 653 words


HOMEOWNERS face the prospect of getting hefty bills for water they never use.

Some private homes are consuming more than 120 times the average because of
leaks in their plumbing systems, it has emerged. And local authorities believe
at least 5pc of all homes have leaks in their pipes which take water from public
supplies.

This means 70,000 homeowners will pay higher than expected water charges when
they are introduced next year unless they carry out expensive repairs.

Average household use is estimated at 500 litres a day but a study by Galway
City Council says some homes in its areas are using as much as 61,000 litres.

If charged at the current commercial rate, a Galway household that is using
excess water would end up paying an annual bill of (EURO)46,941. This is 134
times what is expected to be the "average" bill of (EURO)350 a year.

Water charges are due to be introduced in summer 2014, with charges set by the
Commission for Energy Regulation (CER). It is not yet clear if grants will be
available to homeowners to undertake repairs, or if insurance companies will
foot the bill.

Experts said the leaks problem was expected to be rife across the country, with
research by Dublin City Council suggesting about 6pc of all homes in the capital
have leaking pipes.

It has installed 1,100 water meters on 140km of new water mains, which allows it
to monitor the amount being lost in private homes.

"The people who are involved in rehabilitating the mains tell me about 6pc of
houses may have a problem," spokesman Tom Leahy said.

"Galway and Dublin would be typical of urban situations, and leaks are often
found under the front garden or the driveway."

Limerick City Council also confirmed it has written to 200 homeowners in the
last six months, informing them their pipes were leaking.

Sources said the situation was likely to be broadly similar in rural areas.

This means that of the 1.35 million homes which will be metered for water, some
70,000 properties could require repairs.

Some 43pc of all drinking water is lost because of illegal connections and
leakage in water mains and private pipes.

Billing Irish Water, the company charged with billing domestic customers, said
reducing leakage across the network would be a "critical task", but that it
would not know the extent of the problem until it took ownership of the water
system next year.

However, a spokeswoman said homeowners would be responsible for fixing leaks on
their property. Households which refuse to fix a leak can be fined up to
(EURO)5,000.

A spokesman for Galway City Council said it believed one in 10 of all homes had
leaking pipes.

It identified 10 properties which were using 341,000 litres a day - which would
result in annual bills of (EURO)261,768.

Director of Services Ciaran Hayes said the council had written to the affected
homeowners, and about half had already fixed the leak.

Insurers refusing flood cover UP to 50,000 homes and business premises may be
unable to get insurance for flood damage, even though many of them are not even
prone to flooding, it has been claimed.

The Irish Brokers Association analysed data from insurers and information from
its own members. This showed that some people were being turned down for
insurance cover even when no risk existed.

Brian McNelis, of the brokers' group, blamed the use by insurers of what is
called 'geo-coding', which matches geographic information to addresses.

By doing this, it should be possible to tell if an area has been prone to
flooding in the past.

Mr McNelis said: "Geocoding is not always accurate and can leave vast swathes of
townlands uninsurable, despite no history of flooding.

"It can also ignore remedial works which render the area far less flood-prone."

Michael Horan, of the Irish Insurance Federation, insisted that 98pc of
householders had flood cover.

But he said insurers could only provide cover against possible risks, rather
than probabilities.

CHARLIE WESTON

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              879 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Awards of Community Development Block Grant
for Upgraded Water Service in Perry County

LENGTH: 351  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Department of Community and Economic Development Secretary C. Alan Walker today
announced the award of a $500,000 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) to
the Perry County Commissioners to upgrade water distribution lines, water
storage tank capacity and treatment facility which will improve current
deficiencies within the system and enable the ability to extend water lines.

"Having a sufficient water facility that meets the needs of the community and
environment is a necessity," said Sec. Walker. "By supporting the upgrade of
this service it will help strengthen the opportunities for community and
economic development by ensuring that residents and businesses have clean water,
free of disruptions due to operational issues."

The CDBG grant will provide funding to upgrade the water distribution lines,
water storage tank capacity and treatment facility improvements which will also
support the extension of water lines to a 23-unit manufactured home park and the
Pfautz Apartment Complex in Penn Township, Perry County.

The Penn Township Municipal Authority will install a new high efficiency well
pump, 2,200 linear feet of distribution pipe along with the construction of a
new treatment/control facility which will also house a standby power generator.
The project will also involve the construction of a new 150,000 gallon water
storage tank and valve chamber.

The upgrades will make significant improvements to the entire system which has
experienced frequent operational problems. The improvements will benefit 131 new
households and more than 325 people in the service area.

The Community Development Block Grant Entitlement Program is federally funded
and provides funding for the smaller communities and rural areas of the
commonwealth for community development including but not limited to housing
rehabilitation, public services, community facilities, infrastructure
improvement, development and planning.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            April 26, 2007 Thursday
                                  WEST EDITION

SECTION: METRO; MUNICIPAL NEWS; Pg. W-5

LENGTH: 780 words


Conway

The borough will receive a $2.95 million state loan from the Pennsylvania
Infrastructure Investment Authority to upgrade its water system.

PennVEST is the state entity that approves grants and loans for municipalities
to undertake water and sewer upgrade and expansion projects.

Conway will use the low-interest loan to finance replacing the borough's water
tank with a 430,000-gallon standpipe and pump station, and to replace
approximately 11,600 feet of waterlines. The loan's interest rate will be 1
percent for the length of the loan, 297 months.

The borough, which has fewer than 900 households and a median income below the
state average, has dealt with substandard water pressure because of the existing
water tank's inadequate height and several breaks and water outages because of
the system's aging and undersize waterlines.

The project will begin in July and be finished next April.

Crafton

The borough rejected both bids to repair Black's Bridge, which carries Crafton
Boulevard over the Port Authority's West Busway. The vote was 6-1, with Dan
Cindric dissenting.

Council members Tom Byers and Jack Donovan were absent.

The bridge has been closed since August because of structural deficiencies. It
was supposed to be repaired and reopened by November.

Mosites Construction Inc., of Pittsburgh, submitted a low base bid of
$1,125,000, while Pagliano Construction Inc., also of Pittsburgh, had a bid of
$1,390,000. The bids did not reflect the cost of painting.

Mr. Cindric said he favored an option that would provide a temporary repair at
approximately half the bid cost. He said the borough should try to place the
bridge on the federal bridge repair program, which would delay full repairs by
about 10 years.

"I realize that it moves us back, but we believe that we can get better bids
that will provide us with more bang for our bucks," council President Ed Stewart
said.

He explained that a meeting held the previous Monday with representatives of
Gateway Engineering Inc. which prepared the original bid specifications, and
with HDR Engineering Inc., of Pittsburgh, which was hired to provide a second
opinion of the project, left more questions than answers in the overall scope
and direction of the extensive and very expensive repair project.

"Our actions weren't done lightly, and we feel it's the best thing to do," said
Mr. Stewart, who added, "It's too big and important of a matter not to be
comfortable with the engineering aspects and the cost."

"We're back to square one," borough Manager Doug Sample said.

Findlay

The township has been honored with a first-place trophy in Class 2 (population
5,001-10,000) in the Pennsylvania State Association of Township Supervisors'
39th annual township Citizen Communication Contest.

The contest recognizes townships for communicating programs and activities with
their residents.

Moon

People may bring leaves and brush to the Downes Fire Station as part of the
township composting program.

Public Works employees will take the leaves to the park. Brush will be chipped
by Public Works employees, stocked at Downes and taken to the park at a later
date. If people provide their own containers, they may bring composted material
and/or wood chips and load it themselves.

The site will be open from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday and Sunday.

People also may make arrangements to have compost delivered to their homes for a
charge. To make arrangements, visit the township office or call 412-262-1700.

New Sewickley

The township has been honored with a third-place trophy in Class 3 (population
2,501-5,000) in the Pennsylvania State Association of Township Supervisors 39th
annual township Citizen Communication Contest.

The contest recognizes townships for communicating programs and activities with
their residents.

Oakdale

NorthWest EMS has given Oakdale Hose Co. an automated external defibrillator, a
donation of medical equipment worth about $1,500.

The McKees Rocks-based ambulance company trained Oakdale firefighters April 17
to use the defibrillator, which helps heart attack victims by shocking the heart
back into normal rhythm with an electric current.

Oakdale Fire Chief Steve Trusnovic said his department's quick responders would
use the equipment when they arrive at an emergency a few minutes before
NorthWest.

Scott

Abitibi recycling bins are available at the municipal maintenance facility on
Greentree Road near Lindsay Road.

Suitable for recycling are catalogs, magazines, newspapers, junk mail, office
paper, fax paper, notebooks and folders. Telephone directories should not be
placed into the bins.

Donations benefit the Scott Township Public Library, which receives money based
on the amount of recycled materials donated.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              881 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Washington: Klobuchar, Franken, Peterson Announce Nearly $1.2 Million to Improve
Water System in Lucan

LENGTH: 292  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Collin Peterson has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken, along with Representative Collin
Peterson, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
approved a loan of $947,000 and a grant of $250,000 to improve the water system
in Lucan. The funds will be used to help rehabilitate the existing lift station
and modify the wet well piping.





 "Ensuring that our rural communities have access to the funding they need for
water system reconstruction is critically important," Klobuchar said. "This
project will bring the environmental benefits of increased water quality and
long-term wastewater treatment solutions to Lucan."



 "Water treatment systems keep our families healthy and are critical to any
successful community-- I've heard that time and time again during the 'Rural
Infrastructure Listening Tour' meetings that my staff and I have been holding
all around the state," Franken said. "This support will help Lucan upgrade its
clean water system, which is good news for the entire community, and it will be
a boon to the local economy. This type of project is exactly what we need to be
doing more of."



 "Clean and reliable water is a necessity," Peterson said. "This funding will
provide Lucan with the necessary resources to meet the community's water needs."




 The USDA Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program
provides funding for clean and reliable drinking water systems, sanitary sewage
disposal, sanitary solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households
and businesses in eligible rural areas.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           November 10, 2005 Thursday
                                 VVoice Edition

GRANT WILL HELP IRRIGATION DISTRICT UPGRADE SYSTEM;

BYLINE: Melodie Little Staff writer

SECTION: V; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 329 words


Model Irrigation District No. 18 received a $224,354 Bureau of Reclamation Water
2025 Challenge Grant, last week.

The grant was awarded to Model to help with $457,804 in expenses to upgrade its
water system, improve monitoring of water usage and take steps toward
conservation.

Jim Lahde, superintendent of the ratepayer-owned water district, said the grant
enables the district to complete upgrades in one to two years, about half the
time it would take if ratepayers bore the full expense.

"It saves the customers approximately $200,000," Lahde said.

Updates include adding flow meters to monitor the amount of water pulled from
the Rathdrum Prairie-Spokane Valley Aquifer. Flow meters help maintain
appropriate levels of pumping, cutting down on occurrences of wells overfilling.
New service meters also will be installed at individual households.

The district was formed in 1910. In 1950, the district had 100 customers. Today
it serves about 2,300 homes, four Central Valley schools and several businesses
in Spokane Valley. Its boundaries stretch south and east from Sixth Avenue and
University Road.

Installing new service meters will cut the amount of time it takes to read
meters from two weeks to a few hours, Lahde said, adding, some of the meters
were so old and oddly placed that readers could hardly find them.

New meters will create a faster turn around time for billing, enabling customers
to see how water usage impacts their bills. This spring the district is doing a
rate study that will further explore conservation tier rates.

Lahde said the district's three commissioners will then make a decision and new
rates could be in place by June.

Although the grants typically go to larger water districts, the money could
eventually translate into the district pulling less water from the aquifer, he
said.

The savings could stay in the watershed or go to other systems, Lahde said.

"Our goal is to save five percent of our water pumping. That's pretty
ambitious."

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              883 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Carlow People (Ireland)

                                February 1, 2011

Well Grants

SECTION:

LENGTH: 178 words


The grant entitles homeowners to any or a combination of the following;

Well drilling, pump installation, filtration system or carrying out improvements
to a seriously deficient existing piped supply of water (i.e. old well or
gravity supply). Conditions

1. The house concerned must be constructed 7 years or over.

2. The house concerned is not connected to a public or group water supply.

3. It is the customers normal place of residence(i.e. not a holiday home) Home
owners not eligible for a grant are as follows;

1. The house concerned is at present under construction or has been constructed
in the last seven years. 2. The house concerned is connected to mains supply. 3.
Mains supply is available to your house.

The objective of the grant scheme is to assist households dependent on private
individual water supplies.

An applicant form is available from your local county council environment
section-water grants. This form should be accompanied by a site location map of
the house concerned.

For further details contact Ellis Well Drilling on 059 6471355 (office)

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Weekend Australian

                          September 30, 2006 Saturday
                           All-round Country Edition

Family shows the way - Environmental Sustainability - A SPECIAL ADVERTISING
REPORT

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 290  words


AUSTRALIA is the world's driest continent, yet we have one of the highest water
consumptions per capita in the world.

But thanks to the Smart Water Fund, a Melbourne family is showing us just what
can be done with a small investment and a bit of initiative.

Last autumn, Mr Stuart McQuire's water bill for the entire quarter was only
$1.55 for a family of four living in a 1929 bungalow in West Brunswick.

Admittedly Mr McQuire is an environmental scientist, but there is no rocket
science involved in his water savings.

To qualify for the grant, the project needed to show that it could cut the
consumption of mains water and reduce water usage without compromising lifestyle
or garden maintenance. The challenge was on, as the West Brunswick house has a
thirsty garden containing over 20 fruit and nut trees.

Water savings were achieved through the installation of a greywater recycling
system and four rainwater tanks that store up to 20,000 litres of water
collected from the roof.

The rainwater is used for hot and cold showers, laundry, hot water and a couple
of garden taps. Recycled water is used for toilet flushing and is the main
source of garden water. Only two taps, one in the kitchen and the other in the
bathroom, now use mains water.

''Half the savings we've achieved can be implemented by most households at
minimum cost, while the other half are a little more complicated and will cost
more to implement, though they will produce significant savings in the long
term,'' Mr McQuire says.

The household is now running on 59 per cent rain water, 34 per cent recycled
water, and just seven per cent mains water. Each family member now uses just six
litres of mains water per day, or 97 per cent less than the average Melbourne
household.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MATP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Consumers will have to foot bill for future improvements in creaking system

BYLINE: Paul Melia

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 323 words


THIS is probably the last time that customers will benefit from upgrades to the
water network without having to pay directly through household charges.

The Government plans to invest more than (EURO)900m over the next three years
upgrading the network, and the expenditure could be seen as the last grant it
makes available to provide safe drinking water and waste water treatment.

But that will change very quickly. Irish Water plans to borrow (EURO)210m to
fund further works, and the cost of servicing those loans will be added to
bills.

As it moves towards a self-funding system where the Government provides no money
for upgrades, more borrowings will be required - and every household and
business will be expected to make the repayments through their bills.

This means that the (EURO)240 'average' charge as mooted in recent weeks is
likely to increase as Irish Water ramps up spending.

Details of the capital spending programme is good news for consumers,
particularly the 26,500 currently forced to boil water before consuming.

It means that areas including Cork's lower harbour will no longer experience raw
sewage being pumped into the water without treatment.

But the plan also shows that Irish Water is doing all it can to 'sweat' its
assets, making them work at full capacity and last longer. This is not a
band-aid solution where major surgery is required, it means that plants can be
maximised and more urgent works elsewhere completed.

There's a long road to travel before we have a water network fit for purpose. As
much as (EURO)7bn is needed to bring it in line with EU requirements, and that's
before new plants to serve our growing population are delivered.

This capital plan is good news, but it will be some time before we can boast a
world-class network.

The decades of underinvestment have come home to roost.

It's up to Irish Water to now show it can deliver on what was promised, and
bring us in line with the best in class.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              886 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                            March 5, 2014 Wednesday

Kapiti water might cost big family an extra $200

BYLINE: KAY BLUNDELL

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 392 words


THE Kapiti Coast's new water meter charges will see the average household pay at
least $30 a year extra - and bigger families up to $200 more.

Yesterday, Kapiti Coast District Council endorsed a draft charging scheme that
would kick in once water meters start operating across the district on July 1.

At present, all households pay a flat rate for water of $357 a year.

From July 1, all users will pay a fixed charge of $188.50 a year, plus 95 cents
for every cubic metre.

Kapiti Mayor Ross Church said a cubic metre was about 15 buckets. According to
council figures, the average household will end up paying about $388 a year. A
one-person household will be looking at an annual bill, depending on usage, of
$250-$380; a three-person household $325-$450; a five-person household
$480-$500; and a seven-person household $420-$540.

Councillor Gavin Welsh suggested yesterday that the ratio between fixed charges
and usage charges be altered from 50:50 to 75:25 to reduce the impact on big
families. But after seeing council figures, he conceded the 50:50 split would be
fairer.

He encouraged large families struggling with the charges to make use of the
council's financial hardship grant.

The scheme, included in the draft Annual Plan, will now go out for community
consultation.

Mr Church was pleased the plan had reached this stage. "We need to know if we
are headed in the right direction," he said. "The main aim is to get consumption
down."

Although initially opposed to meters, he said the council had spent $8 million
installing them and it was too late to go back.

"The decisions are made . . . we have water meters, we need to use them."

Meters could be reviewed after two years, he said, and he did not rule out
building a dam later.

Waikanae Community Board chairman Michael Scott said that, when the system was
first proposed three years ago, there was going to be a free allocation, but the
council had moved away from that.

"There is no way to compensate people for that expectation . . . We should have
a certain amount delivered to every household charge-free before volumetric
charging begins."

Jackie Elliott said she remained opposed to volumetric charging and considered
the most valuable use of meters was as a conservation tool.

"Kapiti's annual rainfall is consistent and reliable, the dam remains the only
sensible long-term option," she said.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

'Excessive usage' water charges for up to 50% of homes

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 287 words


A senior Irish Water official admitted the situation during a meeting of the
Oireachtas water committee yesterday, undermining suggestions the proposed new
system will effectively remove the controversial fees.

Last November, the independent expert commission on the future of water charges
concluded the fees should not return for the vast majority of people, although
an unspecified number of households would still face yet-to-be-confirmed costs.

While the recommendations were not binding, they included the suggestion that
each person should get a free water allowance before any charges were issued. In
an interview with the Irish Examiner last week, Housing Minister Simon Coveney
said he expects the allowance to be 123 litres per adult per day for a household
.

Asked about the issue by AAA-PBP Cork North Central TD Mick Barry at the latest
Oireachtas water committee meeting, Irish Water managing director Jerry Grant
said the 123-litre level is  right in the middle  of average water usage and
that hundreds of thousands of people still face some form of fee.

It is the average per capita consumption, therefore it follows that half the
people of the country use more and half use less,  he said.

While Mr Barry last night said he believes the figure is in fact closer to one
third, it is still significantly higher than what was suggested in the aftermath
of the expert report last year.

The situation is likely to cause fresh problems for the Government s plans to
ensure a small level of water charges remains in place.

The future of water charges is due to be voted on by the Dáil in March, a ballot
which continues to threaten the existing coalition and Fine Gael s confidence
and supply deal with Fianna Fáil.

News: 4

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 2, 2009 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

Dry Winter Brings New Water Woes;
Hillsboro Seeks Aid For Second Well

BYLINE: Kafia A. Hosh; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. LZ01

LENGTH: 648 words


Stocking up on bottled water and doing laundry at midnight are common practices
for Hillsboro residents. The western Loudoun County town has long grappled with
water-supply problems, because its aging pipes are fed by a well and a
centuries-old spring that are unreliable.

But a particularly dry winter has led to more frequent water shortages. Over a
period of a week late last month, Hillsboro's roughly 30 households noticed a
steep drop in water pressure, leaving some without water and others with a
trickle dripping from their faucets.

The latest crisis comes as Hillsboro officials are asking the county to help
them pay for an additional well.

"We feel a real urgency to get the second well in and bring it on line,"
Hillsboro Mayor Roger L. Vance said.

The town plans to use a $25,000 state grant to drill and construct the well but
wants the county to cover the rest of the $42,349 cost.

Next week, the Board of Supervisors will consider appropriating $18,000 for the
new well and $150,000 for a study of Hillsboro's long-term water and sewer
needs. The board's finance committee has recommended approval of the funding.

James Burton (I-Blue Ridge), chairman of the committee, said Hillsboro is no
different from the communities of Hamilton and Aldie, which once received county
aid to upgrade their utility systems.

"We have a responsibility to help provide for the health, safety and welfare of
the citizens, and this is a small, struggling town," Burton said.

Loudoun has asked the state for $1 million to build a water and wastewater
system in Hillsboro, money that would come out of Virginia's share of federal
stimulus money. Burton said Hillsboro's aging system qualifies for the stimulus
aid, part of which was intended to help localities pay for public infrastructure
improvements.

The town has made frequent repairs to line breaks in the 60-year-old pipe
system, but "the more we patch it, the more fragile it becomes," said Vice Mayor
Steve P. Morgart.

Hillsboro's spring has been a town water source for more than 200 years and is
notoriously vulnerable to dry weather. Town officials said they suspect that the
spring and the well have been stressed by nearby development drawing from the
same aquifer.

They plan to construct the new well about 500 feet to the east of the current
one, where "hopefully it can hit a different vein," Morgart said.

Town officials said they hope to get the second well up and running by early
summer, when there is usually less rainfall but increased water consumption.
They want to avoid water shortages such as the ones during the drought of 2007,
when the county had to hire a private hauler to transport water to Hillsboro
over a three-month period.

The town also struggles with water-quality issues. Residential septic systems
have failed and contaminated surface water, according to a county report. And
since 2000, the Virginia Department of Health has required town residents to
boil drinking water.

Hillsboro's plea for county assistance comes as the state Health Department is
cracking down on the town. Since December, the department has issued violation
notices to Hillsboro for not having a licensed waterworks operator and for
failing to file several monthly reports last year. The town had a volunteer
operator who was licensed, but he retired more than a year ago, Vance said.

The Health Department's grant of $25,000 for the new well was tied to its
recommendation that Hillsboro abandon the spring as a water source.

"We're very concerned that they find a safe and sustainable source of clean
water," said A.J. Hostetler, a spokeswoman for the department.

Hillsboro residents are continuing to conserve water or storing a backup supply.
Matt Danielson, the town's volunteer water commissioner, said he hauls 200
gallons of water a week to his house during shortages.

"Everybody knows that water is a precious commodity here," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Loudoun County

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Kafia A. Hosh -- The Washington Post; Matt Danielson,
Hillsboro's volunteer water commissioner, reads the meters at the town's water
treatment facility. Late last month, a drop in pressure in the town's aging
water system left households with little to no water.
IMAGE; By Kafia A. Hosh -- The Washington Post; Matt Danielson, water
commissioner, displays water-testing kits. Danielson says he hauls 200 gallons
of water a week to his house during shortages.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              889 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Cornish Guardian

                                October 19, 2012
                                   Edition 4;
                                National Edition

Grant will help people cut fuel bills

BYLINE: Oscar Morse

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 317 words


THE WADEBRIDGE Renewable Energy Network (WREN) has won grants worth £170,000
which will be offered to homeowners to cut their heating costs.

People who are paying a high price for oil or LPG heating and would like to
reduce their carbon footprint, will be offered between £2,000 and £3,000 by WREN
towards log or wood pellet heating systems.

Indications from the Energy Saving Trust show fuel cost savings of £280 per year
changing from oil, and £720 changing from LPG for the average household.

Alternatively, people wishing to save money on heating water will be offered
grants of around £1,000 towards installation of solar thermal systems. WREN's
Jerry Clark said: "Earlier this year we successfully undertook consultation
exercises to establish a baseline for the energy efficiency of our local housing
stock, and examined the possibility of replacing oil heating with biomass for
industrial premises.

That all happened as part of a programme rolled out by the Department of Energy
and Climate Change.

"Now the department is keen to study the potential interest in renewable heating
in the domestic sector, and they are offering grants to kick-start the process.

"WREN has successfully bid to gain access to those grants for homeowners
primarily in Wadebridge and the surrounding parishes, but potentially in wider
Cornwall.'' The grants are aimed at moving households away from fossil fuel use.
They are available through WREN and installations must be via one of their
recommended installers.

To qualify for a grant, people need to register an interest with WREN by
November 12.

They should phone Jerry Clark on 01208 895103, call into the WREN Energy Shop,
or e-mail jerry.clark@wren.uk.com People can find out more at WREN's "Sun Day on
Saturday" event tomorrow, 11am to 3pm at the Energy Shop on the Platt in
Wadebridge. There will be displays, a talk at 11.30am, repeated at 2pm, with
experts on hand.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: COG


                        Copyright 2012 Cornish Guardian
                              All Rights Reserved


                              890 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                              March 5, 2012 Monday
                                  1 - Edition

YourMoney Simple home tips to help hip pocket

BYLINE: Nhada Larkin

SECTION: YOUR MONEY; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 549  words


There's no place like home if you want to start saving your hard-earned cash,

COST-of-living increases are crunching household budgets everywhere, but there
are several simple ways to save some cash around the home.

Every little change adds up and can wipe hundreds of dollars a year off your
costs.

Just improving the energy efficiency of five key appliances can save a
Queensland household $359 a year and $4009 over the appliances' lifetime.

THE LAUNDRY

Energy and water-efficient appliances, smart re-use of greywater and taking
advantage of mother nature can add up to significant savings.

Electrolux Home Products category manager Grant Stevens says a front-loading
washing machine will usually use less water and less power, but the trade-off is
the washing cycle is longer.

``The real cost of operating a machine in the laundry is not so much the time of
wash but the heat of the water you're using,'' Stevens says.

He says traditional clothes dryers are intended to be used only occasionally.

``They're expensive to use every day. The default position is to hang it out on
the line.''

Michael Smit, national programs manager with water conservation organisation The
savewater! Alliance, says re-using the water from the rinse cycle will save
money.

For about $20, people can run a hose from the machine to the garden and re-use
rinse water on the lawn and flowers, saving money on their water bills.

For $500 to $1000, a greywater diversion system can be installed that will store
the water for less than 24 hours for use in the garden.

THE KITCHEN

The founder of budgeting website simplesavings.com.au, Fiona Lippey, says the
secrets to spending less in the kitchen are to avoid takeaways, buy supermarket
brand ingredients and cook meals in big batches. Consumers should be prepared to
buy cheaper ingredients, which usually come in unattractive packaging but
represent good value.

Lippey says when cooking you should double or triple quantities so you have
plenty of leftovers to freeze for later. Origin energy efficiency advocate Anne
Armansin says if your fridge motor is continually running, it is time for a
repair or replacement.

Consumers should also minimise the length of time the fridge or freezer door is
open, adjust control thermostats to maintain fridge temperature between two and
five degrees and the freezer between -11 and -23 degrees, and make sure that any
loose or broken seals are replaced.

THE BATHROOM

Minimising hot water use maximises savings in the bathroom, Smit says.

``The critical one is the shower head,'' he says. ``The less water you use, the
less you have to heat so there are water and energy savings.'' Latest technology
shower heads use as little as 7.5 litres of water a minute, opposed to up to 15
litres with older styles. Smit says that equates to a saving of 20,000 litres of
water and the energy to heat that water per person per year. The other big
money-saver in the bathroom is the toilet. Smit says installing the latest water
-saving toilets can save a family of four up to $100 a year. He says not leaving
the water running while brushing your teeth and timing showers can also help.

Solahart renewables manager Stephen Cranch says about 85 per cent of Australian
homes could save hundreds of dollars on water heating costs with a solar hot
water system.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BUL


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 27, 2014 Thursday

Orfordville community survey seeks household income ranges

BYLINE: Gina Duwe, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 310 words


March 27--ORFORDVILLE -- A community survey asking for household income and
ethnicity was mailed this week to a random selection of Orfordville residents as
the village prepares to seek grants for infrastructure projects.

To qualify for federal community development block grants for infrastructure
improvements, a municipality must have 51 percent of residents at low to
moderate income levels, Village Clerk Sherri Waege said.

The village's 2010 census data showed the village at 43 percent, she said.

If the survey results show the village hits 51 percent, it could apply for
grants to help with the library and sewage treatment plant, she said, though the
main focus is upgrading the water and sewer mains under North Main and East
Beloit streets.

"We keep fixing them and putting Band-Aids on," she said.

The project will cost more than $1 million, so the village is hoping to get some
assistance, she said.

The surveys were mailed to 247 people using a state randomizing system, she
said. The survey is confidential, she said. The forms include a return envelop
for mailing to Vierbicher Associates in Reedsburg, the company the village is
contracting with for processing.

The surveys are numbered, so the engineering company will be able to determine
who doesn't respond. Vierbicher will follow up with a second mailing for those
who don't respond because the village needs an 80-percent response rate, she
said.

The survey asks for family size and whether household income is above or below
certain income amounts. The second optional question asks for each family
member's race/ethnicity, a question Waege said the state requires to be asked.
Residents have the option to not answer that question.

___ (c)2014 The Janesville Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) Visit The Janesville
Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) at www.gazetteextra.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140327-JG-Orfordville-community-survey-seeks-household
-income-ranges-0327-20140327

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2014 The Janesville Gazette


                              892 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                                 April 6, 2011
                                  Main Edition

500,000 The approximate number of households in the province who use oil to heat
their homes.

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 552 words


500,000 The approximate number of households in the province who use oil to heat
their homes.

9.3 The percentage of NI's electricity taken from renewable sources in 2009/10,
but experts warn that a lot of hard work is needed to reach the 2012 target of
12%.

40%-50% of annual hot water needs could be provided by a solar thermal panel,
which generates around 1,300kWH of useful energy in a year.

£4,000 to £6,000 should cover the purchase and installation of a 3.5 sq m solar
thermal panel.

£2,000-£50,000 in grant money is available to community organisations through
the Big Lottery Fund Energy Efficient Venues programme to carry out improvements
such as double glazing, installing more energy-efficient heating systems or
utilising technology like solar panels and wind turbines.

250 The number of oil firms in the home heating market in NI.

1 The world's first commercial tidal turbine in the world is Seagen located in
Strangford Lough.

71,000 homes have benefited from the Warm Homes Scheme, funded by the Department
for Social Development, since its launch in 2001. Recipients can qualify for
help ranging from cavity wall insulation, the installation of a new heating
system to a benefit entitlement cheque.

5 main forms of renewable energy are currently in use -- solar, wind, water,
biofuel and geothermal.

60 minutes is all the time it would take for the sunlight falling on the earth
(if properly harnessed!) to meet the world's energy demands for a whole year.

14 is the average wind speed in mph needed to convert wind energy into
electricity

300 homes can be supplied with electricity through the efforts of one wind
turbine.

40% is the Northern Ireland's renewable electricity target for 2020.

£2 billion the value of goods sold in the UK last year that carried carbon
footprint information.

50 the size in acres of the construction site required by DONG Energy, one of
the world's largest renewable energy companies, to assemble wind turbines.

2030 is this date by which the net value of the marine energy sector to the
economy of Ireland, North and South, could be worth as much as £10.8bn.

1,300 new jobs could be created in Northern Ireland through greater use of
renewable energy resources.

8 different government departments in Northern Ireland have responsibility for
renewable energy functions. Although there is a strategy, there is no one
government department taking overall responsibility.

25% of all of NI's green house gases come from transport and this percentage is
rising rapidly.

1/5th of all journeys in NI are less than one mile. Instead of using the car
these would be ideal distances to walk, cycle or use public transport.

80% of the transport budget in Northern Ireland is being currently spent on
road-building and enhancements to the strategic road network. A meagre 20% is
allocated for public transport.

£1,203 is the average annual cost for heating an average three-bed house in
Northern Ireland with oil using a condensing boiler.

4/5ths of the cost of oil for home heating goes towards the raw finished
product. The remainder 20% is used to finance storage, freight, insurance, VAT,
distribution costs and profit for the local distributor.

$147 per barrel was the cost of oil in 2008. Unrest in the Middle East is
helping push current oil prices up towards this record high.

Kerry Connolly

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UN


                Copyright 2011 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              893 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Daily Liberal

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Print Edition

Council administrator's column

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 585 words


There are 23 community groups who will share in $350,000 in the first round of
the Stronger Communities Fund Community Grants program. Council has allocated
$1M of the $10M funding received from the Stronger Communities Fund to the
Community Grants Program to be split over three financial years. The Stronger
Communities Fund provided by the NSW State Government to the new Council has
allowed the funding of both small and high value projects that will make a real
difference to community groups and local organisations. All projects meet a
community need and will be valued by the organisation and contribute to the
social development of the community.

Confirming these grants will be welcome news for the organisations that have
submitted such quality applications and I look forward to being able to formally
congratulate the applicants and for the projects to commence in the near future.
We had 106 quality applications for funding in this first round and I encourage
all those who weren't successful this time to apply again in the further funding
rounds.

Dubbo Regional Council is continuing to fill a number of vacancies based in
Wellington to continue to improve available services for the community. The
positions include two full-time permanent rangers to be based in Wellington to
cover a range of issues including dog and stock control and pollution issues as
well as six casual labourers and two pool attendants also based at Wellington.
Ranger services are a basic essential service in rural communities and I am
pleased that appointments to these positions and others recently advertised will
be able to be made in coming weeks after interviews have been conducted. A new
position of Water and Sewer Operator was also recently approved and filled to
assist in the operations of the Water and Sewer Plants at Wellington and Geurie.

Now is the perfect time for residents in the Dubbo Regional Council area to
check the garage, laundry or under kitchen sink for any household chemicals that
are no longer needed out of date. The Netwaste 2016 Household Chemical Cleanout
is a safe way to dispose of chemicals such as solvents, poisons, paints, car
batteries and fluorescent globes and tubes. Waste can be dropped off in Dubbo on
Saturday, 22 October at the Dubbo Showground between 8am and 4pm and at
Wellington on Monday, 24 October at the Wellington Transfer Station between 8am
and 11am. Netwaste run this campaign every year to ensure toxic products are
removed from homes and safely disposed of. Almost 60 tonnes of household
chemicals were collected during the entire campaign last year, with old paint
topping the list at 24,000 litres. For more information on what you can dispose
of contact Council or visit www.cleanout.com.au.

Dubbo Regional Council invites eligible community organisations to take
advantage of its Financial Assistance Program and apply for a share in $15,000.
Council dedicates $30,000 to the Community Financial Assistance Program each
year to help ease the burden of not-for-profit organisations that contribute to
our community.

This $15,000 is the first round of funding for the 2016 - 2017 financial year.
If you are part of a not-for-profit organisation in Wellington, Dubbo or
surrounding villages I encourage you to apply. Application forms are available
at Council's Customer Service Centre on the corner of Church and Darling
Streets, Dubbo; at the Wellington Office on the corner of Warne Street and
Nanima Crescent; and at www.dubbo.nsw.gov.au/financial-grants.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Awards of Community Development Block Grant
for Upgraded Water Service in Perry County

LENGTH: 373  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Department of Community and Economic Development Secretary C. Alan Walker today
announced the award of a $500,000 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) to
the Perry County Commissioners to upgrade water distribution lines, water
storage tank capacity and treatment facility which will improve current
deficiencies within the system and enable the ability to extend water lines.

"Having a sufficient water facility that meets the needs of the community and
environment is a necessity," said Sec. Walker. "By supporting the upgrade of
this service it will help strengthen the opportunities for community and
economic development by ensuring that residents and businesses have clean water,
free of disruptions due to operational issues."

The CDBG grant will provide funding to upgrade the water distribution lines,
water storage tank capacity and treatment facility improvements which will also
support the extension of water lines to a 23-unit manufactured home park and the
Pfautz Apartment Complex in Penn Township, Perry County.

The Penn Township Municipal Authority will install a new high efficiency well
pump, 2,200 linear feet of distribution pipe along with the construction of a
new treatment/control facility which will also house a standby power generator.
The project will also involve the construction of a new 150,000 gallon water
storage tank and valve chamber.

The upgrades will make significant improvements to the entire system which has
experienced frequent operational problems. The improvements will benefit 131 new
households and more than 325 people in the service area.

The Community Development Block Grant Entitlement Program is federally funded
and provides funding for the smaller communities and rural areas of the
commonwealth for community development including but not limited to housing
rehabilitation, public services, community facilities, infrastructure
improvement, development and planning.

For more information about the CDBG program and other community development
initiatives, visit www.newPA.com or call 1-866-466-3972.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Awards of Community Development Block Grant
for Upgraded Water Service in Perry County

LENGTH: 373  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Department of Community and Economic Development Secretary C. Alan Walker today
announced the award of a $500,000 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) to
the Perry County Commissioners to upgrade water distribution lines, water
storage tank capacity and treatment facility which will improve current
deficiencies within the system and enable the ability to extend water lines.

"Having a sufficient water facility that meets the needs of the community and
environment is a necessity," said Sec. Walker. "By supporting the upgrade of
this service it will help strengthen the opportunities for community and
economic development by ensuring that residents and businesses have clean water,
free of disruptions due to operational issues."

The CDBG grant will provide funding to upgrade the water distribution lines,
water storage tank capacity and treatment facility improvements which will also
support the extension of water lines to a 23-unit manufactured home park and the
Pfautz Apartment Complex in Penn Township, Perry County.

The Penn Township Municipal Authority will install a new high efficiency well
pump, 2,200 linear feet of distribution pipe along with the construction of a
new treatment/control facility which will also house a standby power generator.
The project will also involve the construction of a new 150,000 gallon water
storage tank and valve chamber.

The upgrades will make significant improvements to the entire system which has
experienced frequent operational problems. The improvements will benefit 131 new
households and more than 325 people in the service area.

The Community Development Block Grant Entitlement Program is federally funded
and provides funding for the smaller communities and rural areas of the
commonwealth for community development including but not limited to housing
rehabilitation, public services, community facilities, infrastructure
improvement, development and planning.

For more information about the CDBG program and other community development
initiatives, visit www.newPA.com or call 1-866-466-3972.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Nikkei Weekly (Japan)

                             March 23, 2009 Monday

Clean power sources for households fall short in cost-benefit analysis

LENGTH: 814 words


Clean power sources for households fall short in cost-benefit analysis

SHINICHIRO UNOZAWA

Staff writer

Home power plants that generate electricity from clean sources have started to
appear on the Japanese market, perhaps nudged along, although ever so slightly,
by government subsidies. But there are questions about those systems'
cost-effectiveness as well as degree of environment friendliness.

As far as value goes, initial costs are so high that it would take decades'
worth of reduced utility fees for buyers to break even. In fact, because of
these high upfront expenditures, it will take some time for home-use fuel-cell
and solar power systems to gain traction among consumers. Manufacturers and
utilities might not be able to improve matters much even if they reach their
goal of halving current prices sometime during the 2010s.

Fuel-cell system

In May, Tokyo Gas Co. will start marketing a household fuel-cell system that can
generate up to 1kw and provide about 60% of the electricity consumed by a
typical household of four.

The gas supplier will discount monthly gas bills to households buying the new
system. The discount and the generator itself can save the typical household
about 50,000 yen to 60,000 yen ($510-612) a year on gas and electricity charges.

That same month, Nippon Oil Corp. will start taking reservations for a fuel-cell
system that runs on liquefied petroleum gas and can generate up to 750 watts.
The new system can supply about 60% of a typical household's electricity needs,
reducing utility bills by 50,000 yen to 60,000 yen per year.

The fuel cells extract hydrogen contained in city gas or liquefied petroleum gas
and make the hydrogen react with oxygen in the air to generate electricity.
Waste heat is used for hot water, enabling 70-80% of the gas energy to be
utilized.

The two systems, however, share a common weakness - high initial costs. Even
after a 1.4 million yen government subsidy, the initial cost for Tokyo Gas'
fuel-cell system would be 2.065 million yen, while that for the Nippon Oil
system would be 1.8 million yen.

Installation costs are also high since homes have to be fitted with pipes and a
foundation built for the device itself.

Even without taking installation costs into account, it would still take more
than 30 years' worth of reduced utility charges to make up for the initial
purchase costs. The lifetime of a fuel cell in constant use is around 10 years.
That means that at today's prices and with today's technology for fuel-cell
systems, it would not be possible for a typical household to recover the upfront
costs.

Solar power generator

Among household-use clean power systems, rooftop solar generators have gained
more popularity than fuel cells. Surplus electricity supplied by these systems
will be purchased by electric power companies at a current price of about 23 yen
per kilowatt-hour.

Sharp Corp. has a system that can generate an average of 3.8kw and is most
commonly marketed to households of four. The system can generate about 70% of
these families' typical electricity needs.

According to a Sharp survey in Osaka, a household that uses about 5,500kwh of
electricity a year could generate 4,112kwh with a 3.8kw solar power system,
paring its annual electric bill by about as much as 96,000 yen.

A national subsidy program will provide 260,000 yen to buyers of a
3.8kw-capacity Sharp system. Even with the subsidy, it would still require
nearly 25 years' worth of lower electricity bills to recover the initial cost
totaling 2.6 million yen. Some users, however, might be able to cut the time to
recover these costs by using additional subsidies from local governments.

Solar water heaters offer a less expensive option. The latest solar water
heaters from Chofu Seisakusho Co. cost in the 1-1.1 million yen range, including
installation expenses, and can halve the amount of gas used.

Ordinary gas heaters cost around 500,000 yen. A household can reduce its annual
utility charges by 30,000 yen to 40,000 yen a year by using the latest solar
water heaters. It would take about 15 years for a household to recover the cost
difference between a solar and gas water heater.

Because utility bill savings do not add up fast enough, manufacturers are
marketing these new power systems by emphasizing their relatively light carbon
footprints.

Smaller carbon footprint

Tokyo Gas's fuel-cell system can reduce a household's annual carbon dioxide
emissions by 45%, or 1.5 metric tons a year. Meanwhile, Nippon Oil's system can
cut the carbon footprint by 30%, or 1.1 ton.

Sharp's 3.8kw capacity solar system can save 1.3 tons of CO2 emissions a year,
while Chofu Seisakusho's solar water heater reduces that by 0.5 ton.

Manufacturers and utilities are making efforts to accelerate the pace of price
cuts for fuel-cell and solar-panel systems through the next decade.

(The Nikkei Weekly 03/23/2009 Edition)

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                              897 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Timaru Herald (New Zealand)

                            January 8, 2009 Thursday

Water demand outstrips supply

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 377 words


THE Te Moana water scheme is under stress as the demand for water outstrips
supply.

Some properties are not getting any water and so supplies for domestic use are
being trucked in. Te Moana cattle farmers Richard and Val Reddecliffe have been
without water since early last month.

They are getting household water trucked in and have a well which they are
pumping for stock water.

Mrs Reddecliffe said the situation on the farm was becoming stressful. She knew
of several households in the same predicament. "The well is getting very low now
and we are actually speaking to a digger driver to see if we can get some water
from somewhere else."

Mrs Reddecliffe said the system has worked, with a few hiccups, for 12 years and
she was unsure why it was failing to deliver water.

Timaru District Council drainage manager Grant Hall said about a dozen property
owners had contacted him about supply problems.

The demand was greater than the allocation and this meant some sections of the
scheme were not getting enough water, putting stock at risk.

Mr Hall said some leaks had been found and fixed, but there were still some
properties not getting water. There had not been many new connections to the
scheme, but it was under more pressure.

The scheme was getting the full water take from the Te Moana River allowed under
its consent.

"Some of that flow might be leakage that we are trying to find."

Mr Hall asked people to check their tank levels and to contact him if they were
not getting their full allocation.

He hoped there had not been any tampering with regulator jets or pipes because
doing so exceeded the allocation and affected the supply of other people on the
scheme.

"It can considerably disrupt the system and the delivery of water and it puts
the scheme under even more pressure."

The scheme covers a large area around Geraldine.

City Care contractors are trying to locate leaks. Mr Hall said if people
believed they had found a leak they should contact him. People could also check
their own water supply systems to check for leaks.

However, in shingle areas there could be major leaks without any sign of water
on the surface.

Mr Hall said if the more than 600 properties on the scheme eased off their water
use, the distribution of water would be more effective.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      JUNE 26, 2000 Monday SFCITY EDITION

AFTER FLOOD, A MESS OF DAMAGE A WATER-MAIN BREAK LEFT 29 HOMES IN THE NORTHEAST
WITH MUDDY BASEMENTS AND RUINED BELONGINGS.

BYLINE: Marc Schogol, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 579 words


Standing in the soaked, slime-covered Northeast Philadelphia home she is
supposed to sell in two weeks, Rosemarie Beetham could not believe it.

"We're just two weeks away from settlement. Two weeks!" And now, she said,
gesturing toward mud-and-water-soaked boxes containing 32 years' worth of
household goods, "everything's gone. Everything!"

Beetham and 37 other residents of 29 homes in the 2800 block of Willits Road had
to be evacuated early yesterday when a water main at Ashton and Willits Roads
burst, sending a geyser of muddy water down the hilly street and into
below-street-level garages, basements and family rooms.

The 12-inch water main was 50 years old and "it cracked . . . because it was
just an aging main," said Barbara Grant, a spokeswoman for Mayor Street.

Firefighters and other city emergency personnel rushed to the scene to pump and
dig out the homes and to restore utilities and phone service.

But that still left a number of homes with water-and-mud-damaged furnaces, water
heaters, air-conditioning systems, washers, dryers, TVs, VCRs, stereos, and
other appliances and household goods - some damaged so badly that they will have
to be replaced.

Grant said appraisers from the city's risk-management department were taking
claims at the scene yesterday. "We will make those people whole for any
damages," she said.

The water-main break, which left a big crater in the busy Ashton-Willits
intersection, occurred about 4 a.m.

Beetham said she and her husband, Norman, had been in bed when "a fireman began
banging on the door and shouting, 'Come out! There's been a water-main break.' I
was half asleep, I thought I was dreaming, and then I looked down and said, 'Oh
my God! There's water all over the place!' "

Two feet of it filled her finished basement family room - full of packed moving
boxes - and began lapping at the bottom of steps leading to the rest of the
house before Philadelphia Water Department crews were able to turn off the
water.

When dawn broke over Willits Road and residents were allowed back into their
homes, many confronted the prospect of a major cleanup.

That cleanup began immediately, with the arrival of trucks and workers from the
Fire Department, the Water Department, Peco Energy Co., Philadelphia Gas Works,
and Bell Atlantic, as well as private contractors retained by the city.

Friends and relatives also hurried to the cordoned-off block to help and to
offer support and sympathy.

At the Beethams' home, a backhoe was brought in to excavate the mudslide that
had covered the driveway and floor of the garage.

Sitting on the front steps, holding a portable phone as she waited for her
insurance company to call, Rosemarie Beetham wondered how she would be able to
get the house cleaned up and repaired in just two weeks.

With mud covering her bare feet - and just about everything else she could see -
she vowed: "Whatever I have to do, I will do."

But emerging from the house and rubbing his hands over his face in despair,
Norman Beetham said: "It's unbelievable!"

Two doors down, Mike and Rita Palazzo also were incredulous.

The home belongs to their daughter and son-in-law, who are renting it out
because they have moved to Florida, Rita Palazzo said.

She said she had found out about the flood on television - and that her daughter
saw it on TV in Florida.

"She called and said, 'Mom, that's my house!' "

Marc Schogol's e-mail address is mschogol@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
Rosemarie Beetham steps carefully through the debris on the floor of her flooded
garage. A cracked water main at the intersection of Ashton and Willits Roads
gushed water into the homes in the 2800 block of Willits, including Beetham's,
about 4 a.m. yesterday. (ERIC MENCHER, Inquirer Staff Photographer)

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                              May 13, 2011 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Hessequa will be battleground for a keen election fight

BYLINE:  Diana Powell Douglas

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 457 words


The election in Hessequa next week will be a keenly fought two-horse race
between the DA, which won the 2000 poll by just 126 ballots, and the ANC, which
bounced back in 2006 with nearly 60 percent of the vote.

If the ANC wins, it will be business as usual, continuing to roll out a 20-year
plan drawn up when it got into power.

According to incumbent mayor Chris Taute, this long-term vision and track record
in implementing it forms the party's election manifesto.

Based on the promotion of |a sustainable economy, alleviation of poverty, job
creation, development of tourism and an almost messianic "green" vision to
protect the environment and make the area as |self-sufficient in renewable
energy as possible, the plan is already well under way.

It contains innovations such as a R20 000 capital set-up grant for anyone who
comes up with a good business plan with employment potential, and free solar
energy water heaters and rainwater tanks for poor households.

But the money has to come from somewhere ,and with very little industry, limited
business hubs and vast farmlands, Hessequa's tax base is tiny. Residential rates
make up 80 percent, businesses and government buildings 10 percent and
agricultural land just 10 percent. This makes the municipality grant-dependent
and currently 38 percent of the budget comes from the government.

Taute says it is vital that the region becomes less grant-dependent, that more
sources of income be found, and unemployment is slashed.

Taute speaks with zeal about Hessequa, its people and its future, but if you
want to see real passion in this former art teacher let him explain what the
council is doing to address climate change.

He will tell you the solar heaters and water tanks are just the start.

About to be built are wind turbine and solar energy farms, a seawater
desalination plant, and a biogas facility to turn sewage into fuel.

There are incentives to set up permaculture food gardens, a recycling project
for household waste, a refuse incinerator, and the municipality has cut
electricity consumption by 23 percent. The vision is for Hessequa to be the
"greenest" region in the country, a goal a smiling Taute believes may already
have been reached.

The DA's mayoral candidate, Riversdale businesswoman Emor Nel, says a DA-run
municipality will concentrate on job creation in public-private partnerships,
continue to build houses, and pursue other options like rental housing, improve
the fight against crime and assist in the battle against drug abuse.

"Financial and risk management will be priorities and we will improve
productivity within the municipality and reduce overtime payments.

"Arrogance by officials and councillors will not be permitted in a DA-controlled
municipality," she says.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                              May 13, 2011 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Hessequa will be battleground for a keen election fight

BYLINE:  Diana Powell Douglas

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 457 words


The election in Hessequa next week will be a keenly fought two-horse race
between the DA, which won the 2000 poll by just 126 ballots, and the ANC, which
bounced back in 2006 with nearly 60 percent of the vote.

If the ANC wins, it will be business as usual, continuing to roll out a 20-year
plan drawn up when it got into power.

According to incumbent mayor Chris Taute, this long-term vision and track record
in implementing it forms the party's election manifesto.

Based on the promotion of |a sustainable economy, alleviation of poverty, job
creation, development of tourism and an almost messianic "green" vision to
protect the environment and make the area as |self-sufficient in renewable
energy as possible, the plan is already well under way.

It contains innovations such as a R20 000 capital set-up grant for anyone who
comes up with a good business plan with employment potential, and free solar
energy water heaters and rainwater tanks for poor households.

But the money has to come from somewhere ,and with very little industry, limited
business hubs and vast farmlands, Hessequa's tax base is tiny. Residential rates
make up 80 percent, businesses and government buildings 10 percent and
agricultural land just 10 percent. This makes the municipality grant-dependent
and currently 38 percent of the budget comes from the government.

Taute says it is vital that the region becomes less grant-dependent, that more
sources of income be found, and unemployment is slashed.

Taute speaks with zeal about Hessequa, its people and its future, but if you
want to see real passion in this former art teacher let him explain what the
council is doing to address climate change.

He will tell you the solar heaters and water tanks are just the start.

About to be built are wind turbine and solar energy farms, a seawater
desalination plant, and a biogas facility to turn sewage into fuel.

There are incentives to set up permaculture food gardens, a recycling project
for household waste, a refuse incinerator, and the municipality has cut
electricity consumption by 23 percent. The vision is for Hessequa to be the
"greenest" region in the country, a goal a smiling Taute believes may already
have been reached.

The DA's mayoral candidate, Riversdale businesswoman Emor Nel, says a DA-run
municipality will concentrate on job creation in public-private partnerships,
continue to build houses, and pursue other options like rental housing, improve
the fight against crime and assist in the battle against drug abuse.

"Financial and risk management will be priorities and we will improve
productivity within the municipality and reduce overtime payments.

"Arrogance by officials and councillors will not be permitted in a DA-controlled
municipality," she says.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              901 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                              May 13, 2011 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Hessequa will be battleground for a keen election fight

BYLINE:  Diana Powell Douglas

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 457 words


The election in Hessequa next week will be a keenly fought two-horse race
between the DA, which won the 2000 poll by just 126 ballots, and the ANC, which
bounced back in 2006 with nearly 60 percent of the vote.

If the ANC wins, it will be business as usual, continuing to roll out a 20-year
plan drawn up when it got into power.

According to incumbent mayor Chris Taute, this long-term vision and track record
in implementing it forms the party's election manifesto.

Based on the promotion of |a sustainable economy, alleviation of poverty, job
creation, development of tourism and an almost messianic "green" vision to
protect the environment and make the area as |self-sufficient in renewable
energy as possible, the plan is already well under way.

It contains innovations such as a R20 000 capital set-up grant for anyone who
comes up with a good business plan with employment potential, and free solar
energy water heaters and rainwater tanks for poor households.

But the money has to come from somewhere ,and with very little industry, limited
business hubs and vast farmlands, Hessequa's tax base is tiny. Residential rates
make up 80 percent, businesses and government buildings 10 percent and
agricultural land just 10 percent. This makes the municipality grant-dependent
and currently 38 percent of the budget comes from the government.

Taute says it is vital that the region becomes less grant-dependent, that more
sources of income be found, and unemployment is slashed.

Taute speaks with zeal about Hessequa, its people and its future, but if you
want to see real passion in this former art teacher let him explain what the
council is doing to address climate change.

He will tell you the solar heaters and water tanks are just the start.

About to be built are wind turbine and solar energy farms, a seawater
desalination plant, and a biogas facility to turn sewage into fuel.

There are incentives to set up permaculture food gardens, a recycling project
for household waste, a refuse incinerator, and the municipality has cut
electricity consumption by 23 percent. The vision is for Hessequa to be the
"greenest" region in the country, a goal a smiling Taute believes may already
have been reached.

The DA's mayoral candidate, Riversdale businesswoman Emor Nel, says a DA-run
municipality will concentrate on job creation in public-private partnerships,
continue to build houses, and pursue other options like rental housing, improve
the fight against crime and assist in the battle against drug abuse.

"Financial and risk management will be priorities and we will improve
productivity within the municipality and reduce overtime payments.

"Arrogance by officials and councillors will not be permitted in a DA-controlled
municipality," she says.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                              May 30, 2008 Friday

Picorp upbeat on Sudan project

BYLINE: Kamarul Yunus

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 530 words


PROGRESSIVE Impact Corp Bhd (Picorp) expects the US$60 million waste (US$1 =
RM3.25) management project in Sudan to start contributing to its revenue by next
year, with a projected collection of between US$5 million and US$6 million per
year from households in Khartoum.

Group executive director Hassan Hussain said the company does not have to wait
for bill collection from the households until construction work of the Package 1
of the project is completed, which is scheduled within two years' time.

"Under the agreement, the concessionaire of the project can start collecting
charges for the services provided once the houses are connected with our waste
management system.

"We expect to connect pipes to between 20,000 and 40,000 houses under Package 1
and collect payment for our services starting early next year," he told a press
briefing after Picorp's annual general meeting in Shah Alam yesterday.

Picorp secured the 30-year concession sewerage project for the state of Khartoum
through its acquisition of a 60 per cent stake in Sudan's Sewerage and
Environmental Engineering Co Ltd (Seeco) early this month.

The project is for the design, construction, installation, testing,
commissioning, operations, management and maintenance of sewerage reticulation,
anciliary pumping stations and sewerage treatment plan in East Omdurman City in
Khartoum.

Under the agreement, Seeco also has the exclusive right of first refusal to
undertake any future sewerage work or services in the state of Khartoum, which
is estimated to have 14 additional similar packages in Khartoum, with each
package valued at US$60 million.

On funding for the project, Hassan said the company is seeking bridging loan
from few banks, the collection of charges from households and a grant of US$10
million from Sudan's Ministry of Physical Planning and Public Utilities.

"The concessionaire has also been given a tax break for tax years and provision
for 10 per cent increase in charges every five years," he added.

He said Seeco is required to pay back the grant or loan over a five-year period
beginning five years after completion of the construction work.

In the event that the households fail to pay the services, Hassan said the local
authorities will have to pay what is owed to the concessionaire.

"Unlike in Malaysia, the rate of households paying the bills for such services
in Khartoum is between 85 per cent and 95 per cent. People in Khartoum are
disciplined in terms of paying their dues for services," he said.

Besides Picorp, other stakeholders in Seeco include Impact Forte Sdn Bhd
(holding a 16.4 per cent stake), PJBumi Bhd (7.6 per cent), Khartoum for Water
and Services Co (7.2 per cent), Zumrawi (4.8 per cent), and WSAM Pipes Services
Co Ltd (four per cent).

Hassan said its Sudan's waste management project will serve as a platform for
the company to expand to other neighbouring countries, namely Libya, Egypt and
Saudi Arabia.

The company also hopes contribution from its overseas ventures would be more
than 50 per cent of the group's revenue in the next five years.

The current ratio between local and overseas ventures stands at 80:20.

Picorp posted a net profit of RM12.9 million last year.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Company

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                                  May 9, 2007

Government cuts low carbon buildings programme (LCBP) home green scheme funding

LENGTH: 722 words



HIGHLIGHT: 3pm update: The government drew sharp criticism from the country's
fledgling renewables industry today as it relaunched a controversial grant
system but slashed the money available for some technologies. By Ashley Seager
and Fiona Walsh.


The government drew sharp criticism from the country's fledgling renewables
industry today as it relaunched a controversial grant system but slashed the
funds available for some technologies.

Systems such as solar photovoltaics and small wind turbines, both of which
generate electricity, will now be uneconomic for households to consider, even
though the government has pledged a massive increase in the use of renewables
over the coming decade, experts said.

Having suspended its grant system, called the low carbon buildings programme
(LCBP) on budget day in March, the Department of Trade and Industry said today
it would restart it at the end of May.

Key changes are the abolition of monthly allocations of funds, which had
embarrassed the DTI by running out after half an hour on the first day of each
month, a shortening of grant claim periods and huge reductions in grant money
available for solar PV and wind turbines.

The maximum grant per household is now set at 2,500 whereas it had been 15,000.
For wind systems it is halved to 2,500.

As a result, the annual return on Solar PV systems in terms of electricity saved
will drop to 2% or less, rendering it unattractive. Grants for solar water
heating, at 400, or ground source heat pumps, at 1,200 remain in place but the
conditions on claiming them have been tightened.

Trade and industry secretary Alistair Darling said: "Micro-wind turbines and
solar panels are fast becoming the credible response of householders to cutting
their carbon emissions as well as their utility bills.

"The microgeneration industry has tremendous potential in the low carbon
economy. Products are already available on the high street and are starting to
become recognisable on our sky lines. This grant scheme is designed to maximise
carbon savings, demonstrate potential and help the sector become more
commercially competitive in the long term."

But representatives of the renewables industry were unimpressed. "If I had to
think of a way to destroy the renewables industry, even my worst case scenario
would not have been as bad as this," said Rajiv Bhatia, head of Alternergy, a
leading renewable energy distributor.

The LCBP was launched a year ago with 12.5m of funding for households, although
50m is available for renewable installation on public buildings. Gordon Brown
added 6m in the budget although his simultaneous raising of air passenger duty
will bring the government an additional 1bn a year.

Philip Wolfe, head of the Renewable Energy Association, said that while the
reintroduction of the scheme was good news, the scale back "makes a nonsense of
the extra funds from the chancellor and of the government's ambition to bring
on-site power to the people".

He added: "We hope that renewable heating from biomass, solar thermal and heat
pumps can now get back on track, but this decision will place renewable
electricity beyond the reach of all but the wealthiest households."

He said it would particularly hit solar photovoltaic and wind technology, which
have been two of the most popular elements of the programme. Demand has
"collapsed" since grants were suspended in March and is unlikely to recover, he
said. Small renewables companies have already had to lay off workers.

"Putting such a low maximum cap on solar electric and wind is ludicrous," said
Howard Johns of Southernsolar. "The harm inflicted on the industry over the last
six months will be compounded by this decision, resulting in more redundancies
and bankruptcies."

Since it launched in April 2006 the LCBP has directly funded 2,175 installations
on homes. This includes 242 mini-turbines, 313 Solar PV projects and 1467 solar
thermal heating systems. To put that in perspective, though, Germany has 300,000
PV systems on homes.

Germany supports microgeneration by forcing electricity companies to pay a lot
for any power fed into the grid by households on the principle that the polluter
pays. The DTI, though, says that method is to "interventionist" in the UK's
deregulated energy market.

Dr Hermann Scheer, head of Eurosolar renewables association, told MPs in
Westminster that the German system had been a success and the industry now
employed 214,000 and had created 24,000 new jobs last year alone.

Britain currently generates 2% of its power from renewables but has pledged to
raise this an EU target of 20% by 2020.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright  2007  Guardian Unlimited (© Guardian Newspapers Limited)
                              All rights reserved


                              904 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Parramatta Advertiser (Australia)

                             May 2, 2012 Wednesday
                             1 - Main Book Edition

All clear for greywater plan RECYCLING SYSTEM PROVES A BIG WINNER

BYLINE: Caryn Metcalfe

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 273  words


A SILVERWATER company has been able to develop a revolutionary commercial-sized
greywater recycling system thanks to a grant from the federal government.

Nubian Water Systems was formed in 2005 during the drought, when Latitude
Investments a boutique private investment company decided to invest in an
inventor who was treating household greywater to water his garden.

Nubian chief executive officer Barry Porter said the company was formed to
address the problem of urban water sustainability.

``One problem is how do you get enough supplies of drinking water, the other
problem is once the water has been used you have to throw it away,'' he said.

``The reason we focussed on greywater is it represents about 50 per cent of the
water you consume and 50 per cent of the water you throw away.

``If you can treat and recycle it, you can reduce by 50 per cent the new water
you need and reduce by 50 per cent the water thrown away.''

Mr Porter said Nubian's residential model can process up to 1200 litres a day,
while the average family generates about 100 litres of greywater per person a
day.

He said the $489,393 Climate Ready grant helped the company develop a
10,000-litre system.

Nubian also created a remote monitoring system, which in one instance helped the
company see that a building being developed had no water going into the system.

It was discovered that a worker had switched off some of the taps, however no
one on-site knew that there was a problem until Nubian contacted them.

Mr Porter said 300 greywater systems had been installed around Australia,
including at North Rocks, with systems also being exported to Jordan and Israel.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PAG


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                                  May 27, 2010

WELL GRANTS

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 181 words


The grant entitles homeowners to any or a combination of the following;

Well drilling, pump installation, filtration system or carrying out improvements
to a seriously deficient existing piped supply of water (i.e. old well or
gravity supply).

Conditions

1. The house concerned must be constructed 7 years or over. 2. The house
concerned is not connected to a public or group water supply. 3. It is the
customers normal place of residence (i.e. not a holiday home)

Not eligible

Home owners not eligible for a grant are as follows; 1. The house concerned is
at present under construction or has been constructed in the last seven years.
2. The house concerned is connected to mains supply. 3. Mains supply is
available to your house.

The objective of the grant scheme is to assist households dependent on private
individual water supplies.

An application form is available from your local county council environment
section-water grants. This form should be accompanied by a site location map of
the house concerned.

For further details contact Ellis Well Drilling on 059 6471355 (office).

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Wicklow People (Ireland)

                                  May 26, 2010

WELL GRANTS

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 181 words


The grant entitles homeowners to any or a combination of the following;

Well drilling, pump installation, filtration system or carrying out improvements
to a seriously deficient existing piped supply of water (i.e. old well or
gravity supply).

Conditions

1. The house concerned must be constructed 7 years or over. 2. The house
concerned is not connected to a public or group water supply. 3. It is the
customers normal place of residence (i.e. not a holiday home)

Not eligible

Home owners not eligible for a grant are as follows; 1. The house concerned is
at present under construction or has been constructed in the last seven years.
2. The house concerned is connected to mains supply. 3. Mains supply is
available to your house.

The objective of the grant scheme is to assist households dependent on private
individual water supplies.

An application form is available from your local county council environment
section-water grants. This form should be accompanied by a site location map of
the house concerned.

For further details contact Ellis Well Drilling on 059 6471355 (office).

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            Nottingham Evening Post

                                 March 14, 2005

Why city tenants are feeling sunny

BYLINE: S. EAN KENNY

SECTION: News; Housing; Council; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 365 words


Radford has become home to some of the first solar-powered council houses in
England.  The 26 homes in Manston Mews should enjoy energy savings and cheaper
bills thanks to the panels, which heat water even in the depths of winter.

Resident Jeffrey Briggs has seen the benefit in just two weeks.

"I've hardly used my water heater," said Mr Briggs, 65, who is retired. "Some
days we've switched off the heating entirely and still had hot water. Everybody
should have one." The project cost £56,000, which came from a grant for
renewable energy.

The houses have had a solar panel fitted to the roof and a new, larger hot-water
cylinder installed in place of the old one, connected to both the solar panel
and the existing boiler.

Water first goes through the solar panel, heating up to 70oC in summer and 40oC
in winter.

When this is not hot enough, the thermostat triggers the boiler to top it up.

Hot water bills should be halved, and annual savings of around 1.2 to 1.5 tonnes
of carbon dioxide per house can be expected.

John Harte is regeneration project assistant at the city council.

He said: "Hopefully projects like this will build a momentum up so the panels
will become cheaper.

"It's never going to be a priority but we are hoping to do other council
houses." Manston Mews was chosen because its roofs face south and because it is
on a route into the city, making it more high-profile.

Mr Harte said only four other local authorities in England had put solar panels
on to council houses.

Coun Michael Edwards, deputy leader of the council, encouraged owner-occupiers
to consider installing the panels.

He said: "We would hope that, with a £400 grant available to each household,
home owners will take advantage of this technology, helping to reduce damage to
the environment and save money on their bills in the process." Applications by
individual households can be made to Nottingham Energy Partnership's Sungain
project, which offers accredited systems and installers selected through a
competitive tendering process.

The systems are safe, low-maintenance and protected against overheating or
freezing.

Call 0115 915 5555 for further details.


LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2005 Nottingham Evening Post


                              908 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                             June 7, 2012 Thursday

Chain gets pulled on pan tax

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 343 words


Matamata-Piako has flushed away its controversial pan tax proposal and will
instead guess how much waste water businesses use.

The district council yesterday ditched its plan to charge non-residential
properties for waste water based on how many toilets they had. It also
backtracked on its fall-back proposal which would require all businesses to
install water meters.

Matamata-Piako mayor Hugh Vercoe said it was too bureaucratic and staff would
instead make an "objective call" as to whether non-residential properties used
more than one household equivalent of waste water. Those who didn"t would be
charged the residential fee which is increasing from $593 to $687 from July.

But businesses such as restaurants and hospitals, deemed to be high water users,
still face significant increases and will either be charged on the number of
toilets they have or can install a water meter to determine how many more
household equivalents they use.

Businesses will now pick up an extra $400,000 of the waste water bill under the
current proposal compared with $1 million under the pan tax proposal.

Not for profit groups - which are high water users - can apply for relief from a
$10,000 contestable grant.

Te Aroha Community Hospital chief executive Nikki Close was concerned they would
be competing against other groups for the funds but Mr Vercoe disagreed.

"We don"t believe there"s many [eligible not for profits] because all your small
ones - your churches and your scout dens and senior citizens are all based on
one (household equivalent)," Mr Vercoe said.

Another unpopular plan to introduce a "footpath tax", where businesses with
tables and chairs on the footpath would be charged $150 a year for the
privilege, was also ditched.

In its final deliberations over the long-term plan yesterday, the council also
slashed more than $2 million off its budget by shelving plans to build a new $3
million library in Matamata and voting against upgrading toilets in Matamata,
Morrinsville and Te Aroha Cemeteries and on Waharoa"s main road at a cost of
$120,000 per toilet.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              909 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                January 20, 2008

Wealth and efficiency

BYLINE: Sian Griffiths

SECTION: FEATURES; Home; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 549 words


Can't build a new home from scratch? Don't despair: there are plenty of ways to
make your existing house green, says Sian Griffiths. And, although payback times
are long, government grants will cover part of the costs

* Double glazing

Replacing draughty wooden windows is a pricey way of making your home greener.
Cost? About £ 500 per window. Payback time? More than 10 years. Tip: get
estimates from local specialists as well as the big firms. They are often
cheaper.

* Insulating your door

Consider replacing a wood and glass door with a thick plastic one made to look
like wood. Cost: £ 250 to £ 500. Payback time? More than 10 years.

* Woodburning stove

Consider a stove that heats water for central heating. But you may not be
allowed to burn wood in clean-air zones in city centres. Cost: £ 2,000 to £
5,000. Payback time? Five to 10 years.

* Condensing boiler

Up to 30% more efficient than traditional boilers at converting fuel into heat.
Cost? About £ 1,500. Payback time? Eight to 10 years.

* Better central heating controls

Inefficient controls mean many households waste energy. Look at intelligent
alternatives such as the Dataterm, a combined thermostat and central heating
programmer. Cost? About £ 500 for a completely new installation. Payback time?
About seven years.

* Wind turbine

Installed on the roof or, for bigger turbines, on a mast in the garden. Great on
windy coastlines or mountains, but not in towns or cities. May need planning
permission. Cost? Depends on size: from £ 2,000 up to £ 20,000 for a system that
covers a household's entire electricity demand. Payback time? Eight years or
more.

* Solar water-heaters

Collects warmth from the sun, heating water, which is then pumped through a coil
in the hot-water tank. Best on southfacing roofs. It requires a hot-water
storage tank and, in the UK, there is only enough sun to let you switch off the
boiler six months a year. Cost? Typically £ 2,000 to £ 4,000. Payback time? More
than 20 years at current gas prices.

* Solar photovoltaic electricity

Solar panels generate electricity as the sun's rays hit a silicon layer. Cost?
Varies with size: perhaps £ 10,000 for a household system. If you generate
surplus electricity, you can sell it back to the grid. Payback time? More than
20 years

* Insulating your loft

Increase it to a thickness of 25cm. The greenest insulating material is sheep's
wool, but you can buy standard material from DIY stores. Foam backed with
aluminium foil is the high-tech option. Cost? A few hundred pounds. Payback
time? Two or three years.

* Insulating walls

Cavity-wall insulation is a cheap and reliable way of keeping more heat indoors.
It won't work in older houses: consider cladding the outside with insulating
material and rendering over it. Cost? About £ 500. Payback time? Two or three
years for detached houses.

* Groundsource heat pump

Extracts warmth from the soil for underfloor heating. Makes more financial sense
if your house is not on a gas main: it runs on electricity, which is about four
times as expensive as gas per kilowatt hour. You need a big garden. Cost? £
6,000 to £ 12,000 for installation. Payback time? Probably more than 15 years

* For more details on grants, go to www.lowcarbonbuildings.org.uk/home

* All figures from How to Live a Low-carbon Life (Earthscan) by Chris Goodall

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           January 22, 2009 Thursday
                               WEST/SOUTH EDITION

Public input sought on block grant application

BYLINE: Patty Lawrence-Perry, CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 385 words


The Pioneer Valley Planning Commission is seeking public input and support for
an application for a Community Development Block Grant of nearly $1 million that
would benefit residents in Holland, Brimfield and Wales.

Several dozen people filled a conference room at Holland Town Hall for a hearing
Tuesday on the grant application. Another hearing is scheduled for 7 p.m. Feb. 2
at Holland Elementary School, Sturbridge Road. It will be held as part of a
special town meeting that night.

The planning commission intends to submit an application for a $998,000 grant on
behalf of Holland, the lead applicant, and Brimfield and Wales. The application
is competing for $17 million in Community Development Block Grant funds to be
distributed by the state Department of Housing and Community Development.

The application includes:

$612,450 for road and drainage improvements in the Woodland Heights subdivision
of Wales.

$177,000 for loans to low- and moderate-income people to make house and septic
system repairs. The loans are convertible to grants if residents live in the
property a certain number of years.

$45,000 for the Domestic Violence Prevention Task Force.

Assistance to the Wales Community Pantry.

The grant application has the support of Jeffrey P. Vannais, chairman of the
Wales Board of Selectmen. On the Woodland Heights project, he wrote on behalf of
the board to state legislators, that "inadequate collection and disposal of
storm water runoff and extremely marginal road conditions have plagued residents
for years. ... Of the some 32 owner-occupant households comprised of
approximately 80 persons, more than 75 percent have low or moderate incomes."

Past grants have provided loans to property owners for housing rehabilitation
and septic repairs, paid for certain architectural and engineering costs, most
of the construction costs of the Wales and Holland senior centers, and supported
the Domestic Violence Prevention Task Force.

Paul Bracciotti, senior planner for the planning commission, announced income
guidelines Tuesday night to obtain loans. A single-person household may earn up
to $41,450; two-person household up to $47,350; three-person household up to
$53,300 and four-person households up to $60,000. To obtain an application,
contact him at (413) 781-6045 or at pbracciotti@pvpc.org

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          THE DAILY TELEGRAPH(LONDON)

                           October 08, 2005, Saturday

Now's the time to wrap up against rising energy bills There are many ways to
make big savings in your budget, says Melanie Wright

BYLINE: By Melanie Wright

SECTION: Your Money Pg. 004

LENGTH: 778 words

COLDER weather means bigger gas and electricity bills but making your home more
energy-efficient could cut your household costs by hundreds of pounds a year.

According to the Energy Saving Trust, set up by the Government after the 1992
Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro, individual households could cut their bills by
pounds 250 a year by insulating their home properly and adopting other
energy-saving measures.

With Energy Saving Week running from October 24 to 30, marking the official
start of winter, now's the time to take action. The aim of the week is to
encourage homeowners to save energy, money and the environment.

Our graphic How energy efficient is your home? shows what you can do to help
keep bills to a minimum. For example, installing just one energy-saving light
bulb can save up to pounds 7 a year, while fitting a jacket on your hot water
tank could save pounds 15.

Turning the thermostat down by just one degree centigrade will knock around
pounds 30 off your annual bill and insulating the loft could save a further
pounds 170.

Of course, many of these measures cost money, so how long will it take before
they start paying off?

The Energy Saving Trust claims that by replacing an inefficient lightbulb with
an energy-saving one, you can expect to be better off in just over six months.
That is the "pay-back time" or period before savings equal costs.

A spokesman for the Energy Saving Trust, said: "By fitting a hot water tank
jacket, you can expect pay-back from eight months and by installing cavity wall
insulation, you can expect to see pay-back in 13 to 16 months.

"Around 33pc of the heat lost in your home is through the walls, so insulating
them can be the most cost-effective way to save energy in the home.

Not all buildings are suitable but if your home was built between the 1930s and
1980s then it could be a candidate for cavity wall insulation and you could save
up to pounds 120 from this alone.

"Like double-glazing, cavity wall insulation will keep you cool in the summer
and warm in winter.

"It's a straightforward, inexpensive and hassle-free job. If we all had our
cavity walls filled tomorrow, together we'd save over pounds 877m of energy
every year."

Cavity wall insulation usually costs around pounds 300 but there are grants
available to help with the outlay.

The size of grants available differs depending on personal circumstances, age
and geographical area, but they are not restricted only to the elderly or those
on low incomes.

Grants are also available if you are considering fitting solar panels on your
property. These will enable you to power household appliances by harnessing the
sun's free energy, rather than gas or electricity.

Solar panels usually cost between pounds 4,000 and pounds 8,000 to install but a
grant can reduce this cost by up to 50pc. The average system will save
households around pounds 100 on their annual energy bills.

Fortunately, given the fact that the sun shines relatively rarely in the United
Kingdom, solar panels require only daylight to generate electricity, rather than
direct sunlight.

Other energy saving measures include insulating your hot water tank. This will
cost around pounds 10 but will save you the same amount in energy bills every
year.

Another measure to consider is making sure you aren't wasting heat by putting up
with draughts. Newspaper or mastic sealant should sort this out, and could cut
pounds 10 off annual heating bills. You should also ensure electrical goods are
not left on standby. Around 85pc of the electricity used by a video recorder,
for example, is consumed while it is on standby.

Every year, video recorders use pounds 118m of electricity from being left on
standby, with television sets consuming another pounds 190m.

Another consideration is the Energy Saving Recommended logo when you are buying
electrical appliances.

The Energy Saving Trust spokesman said: "The logo appears on a growing range of
products, from light bulbs to laundry appliances, indicating the most energy
efficient appliances which are also cheaper to run.

"Replacing an old, energy inefficient fridge-freezer with an Energy Saving
Recommended model could save you up to pounds 35 every year.

"If we all made the change this week, together we'd save over pounds 455m every
year."

To find out which grants might be available to you, log on to
www.saveenergy.co.uk/grants aor call your local Energy Efficiency Advice Centre
on freephone 0800 512 012.

For a report on how much energy can be saved in your home, complete the Energy
Saving Trust's online home energy checklist at www.energysavingtrust.org.uk.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 Telegraph Group Limited


                              912 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                             April 19, 2016 Tuesday

South Balibago seals P450-M Iloilo water deal

BYLINE: Daxim L. Lucas

LENGTH: 579  words


SOUTH Balibago Resources Inc. (SBRI) Monday signed a memorandum of agreement
with the local government unit of Iloilo City to construct, operate and maintain
a water system to serve thousands of waterless households in Iloilo's Jaro
district.

The private firm was also granted a franchise through an ordinance by the
administration of Mayor Jed Patrick Mabilog, a statement from the firm said.

SBRI's proposed Level III water supply and distribution system includes a 10
million-liter per day (MLD) capacity water treatment plant in Pototan, Iloilo, a
17-kilometer transmission line and 60 kilometers of distribution network pipes
in Jaro.

The P450-million project targets to serve an estimated 10,000 households and
commercial establishments in the area.

SBRI president Jesus Zulueta Jr. signed the agreement on behalf of SBRI with
Balibago Waterworks System Inc. president Cristino Panlilio acting as witness,
while city councilor Leoni Gerochi signed as a witness and representative of the
local government of Iloilo City.

The agreement grants SBRI a franchise to serve 34 subdivisions and three
barangays in Jaro District for 25 years.

In return, the firm commits to provide potable water compliant with Philippine
National Standards of Drinking Water and to supply its customers with water 24
hours a day, seven days a week and with a minimum pressure of 16 pounds per
square inch.

Construction period is estimated at one year, while operations of the water
system is expected to commence by the second half of 2017.

Noting that many households in Jaro District have no water supply, SBRI earlier
submitted a proposal to Mayor Mabilog for a Level III water supply and
distribution system in the area.

To ensure transparency, the firm's proposal was subjected to executive and
legislative scrutiny.

On March 3, Mayor Mabilog endorsed SBRI's water supply and distribution proposal
to the Iloilo City Council's Committee on Energy and Public Utilities.

Finding merit in the proposal, committee chair councilor Leoni Gerochi called
for a public forum last March 10 at the City Council Session Hall to consult
Jaro residents and barangay officials.

The Metro Iloilo Water District (MIWD) was also present in the forum.

During the 11th regular session of the Iloilo City Council on March 15, council
members agreed that it must proactively seek timely alternative solutions to the
city's perennial water problems.

It noted that while MIWD had monopolistic control of Iloilo City's water system
for decades, it was unable to provide adequate water delivery services to city
residents.

The proposal of SBRI appears to be a viable alternative to MIWD. It is not
intended to replace MIWD nor is it a precursor for the latter's abolition. It
could, however, provide some healthy competition for MIWD, the council said.

In view thereof it is hereby recommended that a resolution be passed endorsing
the proposal of South Balibago Resources Inc. to the Office of the City Mayor,
it added.

SBRI is a private water utility operating three franchises: Passi City, Iloilo
(a Level III water supply and distribution system) and two bulk water contracts
in Pototan, Iloilo and Corella, Bohol.

SBRI is a subsidiary of Balibago Waterworks System Inc., a 58-year-old private
water utility with more than 50 water franchises in 16 provinces around the
country.

It has been recognized by the National Water Resources Board as one of the
largest and most efficiently run private water utilities in the Philippines.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Taranaki Daily News (New Zealand)

                             June 4, 2008 Wednesday

Counting dollars and cents:The Taranaki Daily News guide to surviving rising
prices;
Water heat pumps beat off hot competition

BYLINE: ROOKES Felicity

SECTION: FEATURES; GENERAL; PINCHING THE PENNIES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 605 words


Today the Taranaki Daily News starts a regular series on how consumers can ease
the growing burden of rising prices in the home, at the grocery store and at the
petrol pump. Over the next few weeks FELICITY ROOKES and MATT RILKOFF will
research ways to save you money, while not wrecking your lifestyle. We also
invite you to make a contribution by getting in touch with our reporters with
your own ideas. We'll publish the best ones. The Wow Factor has moved to Page
12.

--------------------

SAVING money with your home and water heating doesn't have to be about cold
showers and blankets over the knees.

You still want to live comfortably without too much sacrifice -- there are some
far less pedantic ways to pay less on the power bill and have more hot water
when you really need it.

Looking at the difference between gas-powered hot water, electric hot water,
solar panels and heat pumps, the heat pump comes out trumps on long term
electricity savings.

Water heating usage as a percentage of total electricity consumption varies
geographically. In the South Island and colder parts of the North Island, more
energy is used on home heating, but in some places water heating can account for
up to 50% of your bill.

For most, it is about a third of your annual power bill. Long hot showers and
taking baths, plus doing hot laundry, all wash power through your household hot
water supply.

Consumer.org senior writer Bill Whitley says there is not a huge difference
between gas and electricity costs.

"There are a number of factors to consider. The problem with gas is there is a
fixed daily charge. You have that with electricity as well, but if you have
both, then it costs more," he says.

There are two main types of water- heating systems -- water storage and instant
flow systems. There are a couple of new ones as well -- solar panels and heat
pumps.

Mr Whitley says the new heat pumps which heat household water are by far the
cost-effective way to go.

"They are very good. They have only just come out, but they are the cheapest,"
he says.

Robert Tromop, from the Energy Efficiency and Conservation Authority, says there
are things to consider when choosing a system that matches your needs and your
pocket -- the size of your household, how and when you use hot water and how you
will pay.

"Heat pump water heaters supply on average $3 of hot water for every $1 of
electricity they use, making them an effective option," Mr Tromop says.

Comparing the ongoing costs of nine different water-heating sources, Mr Tromop
found the heat pump was by far the cheapest, with the LPG cylinder and an
electric cylinder being the most expensive. "A gas or electric system costs
between $1500 to $2500, a heat pump costs between $4000-5000 and a solar water
heating unit averages around $6000 for the initial investments," he says.

For those considering solar panels, the Government has increased grants for
solar water heating for home- owners, from $500 to $1000. The systems can
provide between 50% to 75% of annual hot water needs and savings of between $350
and $450 a year -- paying for installation costs over a decade.

----------------------------------------------------- IN HOT WATER

Some quick tips for saving money on that growing water- heating bill:

* On electric hot-water tanks, adjust the thermostat so hot water is 55 degrees
at the tap.

* Fix dripping taps.

* Have showers instead of baths.

* Keep showers short.

* Use cold water to wash clothes, fill the jug and rinse dishes.

* Switch off hot water if going away for longer than two weeks.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Jane and John Waite with their new heat pump.

Picture: CAMERON BURNELL

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Spring Hope Enterprise

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 10, 2011

Castalia links to Nash water

BYLINE: Spring Hope Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 280  words


Nash County and the Town of Castalia recently completed a $1,298 million utility
interconnection project.

The project links the county and town public water systems together and extend
public water service to areas with documented concerns about poor groundwater
quality and safety.

The project included the installation of nine miles of new waterline that will
extend Casta-lia's water system to Matthews Crossroad and service 115 new
customers along portions of North N.C.58,Duke Road, West Castalia Road, and
several adjacent residential subdivisions. The project also provided free water
connections to 39 low-to-moderate income households in the area.

"We're all very pleased with this project because it gave Castalia access to the
county's bulk water supply and allowed us to provide public water to an area of
northwest Nash County that has been prone to well water problems, all at an
extremely low cost to our citizens," said Nash County Engineer/Utilities
Director Derek Hawkes.

The project was funded by a $750,000 grant from the North Carolina Department of
Commerce Community Development Block Grant Program and a $500,000 grant from the
North Carolina Rural Economic Development Center.

The Town of Castalia contributed $20,000 and the Nash County Utility Fund
contributed $28,000.

"We were actually able to complete the project approximately $270,000 under
budget," Hawkes said.

The savings has allowed the Nash County Board of Commissioners to use the extra
funds to address other critical utility needs in the area. A total of $42,685
will be used to replace all of Castalia's existing 25-year-old water meters that
must be checked manually with modern radio-read monitors.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SHE

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                                 Copyright 2011


                              915 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Wexford People (Ireland)

                               September 22, 2010

Well grant from local authority

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 153 words


The grant entitles homeowners to any or a combination of the following;

Well drilling, pump installation, filtration system or carrying out improvements
to a seriously deficient existing piped supply of water (i.e. old well or
gravity supply) Conditions 1. The house concerned must be constructed 7 years or
over.

2. The house concerned is not connected to a public or group water supply.

3. It is the customers normal place of residence(i.e. not a holiday home)

Home owners not eligible for a grant are as follows;

1. The house concerned is at present under construction or has been constructed
in the last seven years.

2. The house concerned is connected to mains supply.

3. Mains supply is available to your house.

The objective of the grant scheme is to assist households dependent on private
individual water supplies.

An applicant form is available from your local county council environment
section-water grants.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Carlow People (Ireland)

                               September 21, 2010

Well grant from local authority

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 153 words


The grant entitles homeowners to any or a combination of the following;

Well drilling, pump installation, filtration system or carrying out improvements
to a seriously deficient existing piped supply of water (i.e. old well or
gravity supply) Conditions 1. The house concerned must be constructed 7 years or
over.

2. The house concerned is not connected to a public or group water supply.

3. It is the customers normal place of residence (i.e. not a holiday home)

Home owners not eligible for a grant are as follows;

1. The house concerned is at present under construction or has been constructed
in the last seven years.

2. The house concerned is connected to mains supply.

3. Mains supply is available to your house.

The objective of the grant scheme is to assist households dependent on private
individual water supplies.

An applicant form is available from your local county council environment
section-water grants.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Carlow People (Ireland)

                               September 21, 2010

Well grant from local authority

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 153 words


The grant entitles homeowners to any or a combination of the following;

Well drilling, pump installation, filtration system or carrying out improvements
to a seriously deficient existing piped supply of water (i.e. old well or
gravity supply) Conditions 1. The house concerned must be constructed 7 years or
over.

2. The house concerned is not connected to a public or group water supply.

3. It is the customers normal place of residence(i.e. not a holiday home)

Home owners not eligible for a grant are as follows;

1. The house concerned is at present under construction or has been constructed
in the last seven years.

2. The house concerned is connected to mains supply.

3. Mains supply is available to your house.

The objective of the grant scheme is to assist households dependent on private
individual water supplies.

An applicant form is available from your local county council environment
section-water grants.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Gorey Guardian (Ireland)

                               September 21, 2010

Well grant from local authority

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 153 words


The grant entitles homeowners to any or a combination of the following;

Well drilling, pump installation, filtration system or carrying out improvements
to a seriously deficient existing piped supply of water (i.e. old well or
gravity supply) Conditions 1. The house concerned must be constructed 7 years or
over.

2. The house concerned is not connected to a public or group water supply.

3. It is the customers normal place of residence (i.e. not a holiday home)

Home owners not eligible for a grant are as follows;

1. The house concerned is at present under construction or has been constructed
in the last seven years.

2. The house concerned is connected to mains supply.

3. Mains supply is available to your house.

The objective of the grant scheme is to assist households dependent on private
individual water supplies.

An applicant form is available from your local county council environment
section-water grants.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Bray People (Ireland)

                                  May 26, 2010

WELL GRANTS

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 181 words


The grant entitles homeowners to any or a combination of the following;

Well drilling, pump installation, filtration system or carrying o ut
improvements to a seriously deficient existing piped supply of water (i.e. old
well or gravity supply).

Conditions

1. The house concerned must be constructed 7 years or over. 2. The house
concerned is not connected to a public or grou p water supply. 3. It is the
customers normal place of residence(i.e. not a holiday home)

Not eligible

Home owners not eligible for a grant are as follows; 1. The house concerned is
at present under construction or has been constructed in the last seven years.
2. The house concerned is connected to mains supply. 3. Mains supply is
available to your house.

The objective of the grant scheme is to assist households dependent on private
individual water supplies.

An application form is available from your local county council environment
section-water grants. This form should be accompanied by a site location map of
the house concerned.

For further details contact Ellis Well Drilling on 059 6471355 (office).

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Mail on Sunday (London)

                              July 1, 2007 Sunday

Sunshine lightens my gas bill by Â£200 a year

BYLINE: STEPHEN WOMACK

SECTION: C1; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 786 words


Arthur Pires has not had to turn on his gas-powered water heating more than once
in the past three months. And it is not because the 72-year-old has taken to
having cold showers or has switched to using paper plates to avoid the washing
up.

Arthur, a retired physics teacher, is one of a growing number of homeowners
switching to renewable energy to cut their bills. In Arthur's case, he is using
solar power to produce most of his hot water.

A solar panel was fitted on the roof of his Birmingham home in March.

Fluid is pumped through the panel, warmed by the sun, then pushed back to a tank
downstairs where its heat transfers to warm a water cylinder.

Even on an overcast or wet day, the panel does its job.

Arthur is enjoying the novelty of the system and checks the water temperature
every morning and evening.

He says: 'Recently, when it rained most of the day, the water in the tank was
still measuring 44C (111F) by the evening, which is plenty warm enough.' He
estimates that the solar panel will cut his gas bill by a third, saving him
roughly Â£200 a year.

Arthur's home is one of 130 properties in Summerfield, Birmingham, that have had
solar panels installed.

The plan is to fit them to more than 300 homes in the area and also upgrade
insulation and heating boilers.

Other properties nearby are testing wind turbines.

When complete, the district will become one of Britain's flagship neighbourhoods
for eco energy.

One road, Willow Gardens, might be better named Solar Street because four out of
five of the homes there have panels fitted.

David Stevenson is head of regeneration at housing association Family Housing,
which is coordinating the work.

'We have been active in improving this area for several years.

'The idea for making homes more environmentally friendly came from the residents
themselves,' he says.

In a typical family home, solar panels can heat between 40 per cent and 60 per
cent of the hot water needed over a year. Arthur says: 'I understood about the
potential of the technology and as soon at it was suggested, I was keen to try
it.' While the sun's heat is free, the equipment needed is not.

The typical cost of installing a solar panel, new water cylinder and re-plumbing
work is between Â£4,000 and Â£5,000, including labour. But higher energy costs
are making many projects more economical.

Homeowners can claim Government grants towards some of these costs (see panel
left). New funds worth Â£12 million were made available last month.

But Summerfield residents do not have to pay a penny.

Birmingham City Council is bankrolling the project with Â£1.5 million Â- partly
from the Government's Neighbourhood Renewal fund.

The properties being improved are privately owned or privately rented homes, not
social housing.

Residents qualify for help because they are retired, are on benefits, or have
annual household income of less than Â£20,000.

John Lines, the councillor responsible for the city's housing, says: 'The idea
is to benefit those residents who are facing high energy bills in relation to
their incomes.' The project also fits with the council's plan to reduce the
City's carbon footprint by 30 per cent by 2010.

Family Housing is turning the district into a living research project. The
association is working with two suppliers, Eaga Renewables and New World Solar
Installations, to improve techniques for installing panels and to train
technicians.

Stevenson says: 'We are also carrying out research to see if installing solar
panels or fitting a wind turbine makes a difference to people's lifestyles and
whether it makes them more aware of energy efficiency and will change their
habits.' But the project is firmly grounded in reality. There is no point
investing in solar panels if hundreds of pounds worth of heat is leaking through
poorly insulated walls and roofs. So insulation is also being upgraded.

Family Housing is also helping to save even more power by fitting
energy-efficient lightbulbs into homes.

Grants that can help to go green

THE best energy-efficiency returns come from improving insulation. The Energy
Saving Trust says that upgrading loft insulation to 270mm (10ins) could save an
average home up to Â£220 a year. The Government runs grant schemes paying up to
Â£2,700 to households on certain benefits towards improving their heating and
insulation. Local authorities and energy companies also fund a patchwork of
energy-efficiency schemes. For more information, go to the website
energysavingtrust.org.uk or call 0800 512012.

There are also grants available. The Government's Low Carbon Building Programme
pays up to Â£2,500 per home towards the installation of solar panels, wind
turbines, and heat pumps. For more information, visit lowcarbonbuildings.org.uk.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2007 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              Uttoxeter Advertiser

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday

Water bills set to rise after charge is hiked by Uttoxeter's supplier

BYLINE: By Richard Castle; richard.castle@uttoxeteradvertiser.co.uk

SECTION: NEWS:PEOPLE; Pg. 22-23

LENGTH: 668  words


Household bills are set to go up across East Staffordshire after the borough's
water supplier announced a hike in rates.

South Staffs Water, which supplies homes in Burton and Uttoxeter, has confirmed
the price of water and sewerage services will go up from April.

During the 2017/18 financial year, the average water and sewerage bill in the
area will come to £310.

Despite a one per cent water charge increase and a 6.4 per cent sewerage hike,
this total is still £85 cheaper than the national average.

Customers will pay, from April, an average of £1.49 more a year, which will
equate to £144 per year - or less than 40p per day.

Waste water charges, which South Staffs Water collects on behalf of Severn Trent
Water, will increase by £10 a year, costing an average of £166 per year - or 45p
per day.

Rachel Barber, customer services director for South Staffs Water, said: "We know
from talking to our customers that value for money from their water supplier is
important - and that means providing them with a high quality, consistent water
supply at an affordable price."

A South Staffs Water spokesman said: "Actual increases may be more or less than
the average as customers' bills vary depending on their individual
circumstances.

The prices are in line with five year plans for 2015 to 2020, developed by every
water and sewerage company after extensive consultation with customers, and
confirmed by the industry regulator Ofwat.

"We are always working to make sure we keep bills affordable and easy to manage.
We offer support for customers who may face difficulty in paying their bills,
including flexible payment arrangements and a number of special tariffs.

"For example, the new Assure scheme introduced last year provides eligible
customers with a discount of up to 80 per cent off their water charges.

"Customers could also save pounds off their bill by having a meter installed
free of charge and using water efficient devices, some of which are available
free from the South Staffs Water website, www.south-staffs-water.  co.uk"

It was recently announced that the average water and sewerage bill in England
would rise by £6 to £395 from April.

The figures, produced by industry analyst Water UK, show average bills for the
2017/18 financial year.

Tony Smith, chief executive of watchdog the Consumer Council for Water
(CCWater), said: "Most customers will see their bills rise from April.

"That will come as a blow to those households already struggling to keep their
head above water."

"The good news is water companies have a growing number of schemes to help
customers who are feeling the pinch.

"Some of these can provide lower bills and therefore shield households from the
effects of price rises.

"But a lot of that support is still not reaching those that need it most."

A CCWater spokesman said: "In the past three years CCWater has helped almost
every water company in England and Wales launch a social tariff, which can
significantly reduce the bills of low-income households - some by more than 80
per cent.

"Only around half the 400,000 households  standing to benefit from the schemes
have so far signed up for help, meaning about 200,000 eligible customers are
missing out on lower bills.

"CCWater's website features a handy guide which can help customers discover if
they might be eligible for a social tariff.

"Customers struggling to pay household bills may be able to boost their income
by using the Benefits Calculator and Grants Search tool on CCWater's website.

"Since partnering with poverty relief charity Turn2Us to launch the tools last
January, consumers have identified annual welfare benefit entitlements of more
than £3.25 million.

"The tools are available at www.ccwater.org.uk along with a water meter
calculator which customers can use to find out whether they might save money by
switching to a water meter. In some cases opting for a meter can save households
more than £100 a year. Customers can see how their water company compares to
others  at www.discoverwater.co.uk"

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The price rises that will come in East Staffordshire are reflecting a
national trend of water and sewerage bills going up at the start of the 2017/18
financial year, which will start on Saturday, April 1. The average household
bill increase in the borough will still be £85 cheaper than the national
average, despite hikes in the price of both water and sewerage services.
Uttoxeter's water provider is South Staffs Water and the firm providing sewerage
in the town is Severn Trent. However, South Staffs Water collects the sewerage
charges on Severn Trent's behalf. Picture is provided by Getty Images.
dfsdf sdf
Picture of a water droplet falling from a tap. Picture by Getty Images.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              922 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Eastern Courier Messenger (Australia)

                          November 26, 2008 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Cheers to Skye water

BYLINE: EMILY CHARRISON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 482 words


SKYE residents are at the business-end of a long-running battle for clean
drinking water, almost five decades after their exclusive suburb was developed.

In the latest chapter to the 45-year saga, SA Water has finally agreed to
provide a mains connection to Skye after years of refusals on the grounds it was
too expensive.

Burnside Council has now been told that it would cost $3.95 million to service
the Hills face suburb, providing 66 per cent of residents supported the scheme.

Skyes 125 households would need to pay about $26,000 on top of an SA Water
subsidy, and annual water bills, if it went ahead.

At last weeks meeting councillors voted to consult with residents and explore
State Government grants to get the project rolling, against the original staff
recommendation

for the council to allocate funds.

"Why has the government over a progressive number of years ignored the simple
fact that residents, who live just 10 minutes from the city, are still without a
mains

water supply,"Cr David Lincoln told the chamber.

"It beggars belief that in 2008 weve got people relying on rainwater tanks to
survive in this city, its an appalling situation."

Cr Davina Quirke said it was the governments job to provide subsidies for a
mains connection to Skye.

``It's not council's role to make sure residents have water, the funding has to
come at a State Government level,'' she said.

While five private companies have been supplying Skye with water since the
1960s, the water is not recommended for drinking, forcing most households to
make do with rainwater tanks or filtered bore water.

Skye residents Terence Wollaston and Alexander Chang - who last September
presented a 59-signature petition to the council calling for a mains water
supply - said they were pleased negotiations were finally underway but doubted
the project would even happen without more funds.

``The money SA Water's talking about will be too high for many people, there's a
lot of pensioners here,'' Mr Wollaston said.

``I think the government should pitch in but other councils have contributed to
their water supplies so I don't see why Burnside should be any less involved
either.

``A council that does nothing more than they are legally obliged is a pretty
poor council in my book.''

SA Water planning and infrastructure manager Roger Perry said the $3.95 million
cost to pump water to the area included a detailed design, as well as the
construction of a holding tank, pumping station and reticulation mains.

Water Security Minister Karlene Maywald said SA Water had already offered its
``cheapest connection option'' for Skye and would contribute $692,000 for the
project.

``SA Water is owned by the State Government and so the government is already
subsidising the scheme for residents,'' she said.

``Regardless of where residents are located in SA, there is a cost involved with
being connected and being supplied by SA Water.''

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEC


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                 Fremantle Cockburn Gazette (Perth, Australia)

                             July 22, 2008 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

The perfect solution

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 378 words


Cockburn Mayor Stephen Lee with residents Ginny Webb and her son Bryn, Jozina De
Rouiter, Sandra McNulty and Melissa White (Project coordinator Community Water
Grant Project) and her son Jacob (11) and Unnat. Picture: Martin Kennealy
www.communitypix.com.au d295414

THE Pinakarri Community in Hamilton Hill is pushing the green message thanks to
a $50,000 community water grant from the Australian Government Water Fund.

The community was awarded the grant to install water saving technologies to
reduce their consumption of scheme water and raise public awareness on water
-wise strategies.

It has installed an innovative grey water reuse system, which is the first of
its type in Cockburn. The bathroom and laundry wastewater collects in
underground tanks from households and is treated to kill the bacteria and
viruses.

The water is then reused to irrigate the communitys central lawn and fruit trees
through a water-wise sub-surface system that was approved by the Health
Department and City of Cockburn.

The community installed a rainwater harvesting system and the three tanks
collect and store 14,000 litres of rainwater used for the toilets and washing
machines.

Pinakarri spokeswoman Melissa White said the community was looking to reduce its
water consumption by 60 per cent, a reduction of 800,000 litres annually.

As a commendable sustainability initiative, City of Cockburn does not charge the
usual fees for grey water applications, so combined with the $500 grey water and
the $600 rainwater State Government water-wise rebates, living more sustainably
becomes a little easier, she said.

Cockburn Mayor Stephen Lee said the example shown by the community was
fantastic.

Here we have not one, but two, initiatives in place to absolutely make the most
of every drop of water that is used by the community, he said.

I can not express how delighted I am with the responsible steps the group has
made and I encourage anybody in the community to come along to our water-wise
workshops and find out ways to make your property more sustainable.

It will run workshops in August on Saturday, August 2 and Saturday, August 9,
from 9am-1 pm. It costs $35 per workshop or $60 for the two and concessions are
available.

For further information call 9331 8762. Bookings are essential.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CFG


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                     The Jones County News (Gray, Georgia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 1, 2015

New sewer treatment plant delayed again; usage still high

BYLINE: The Jones County News staff

LENGTH: 507  words


The future of a new sewer treatment plant for Gray remains uncertain after the
funding agency imposed a deadline to attempt to expedite projects.

Gray's City Council committees held their regular monthly meeting June 15, when
engineers from Cater & Sloope reviewed an effort by the USDA to close on some
projects that have been on their books, including Gray's sewer treatment plant.

The USDA originally said Gray did not qualify for grant funding due to household
income, but the city conducted its own survey with different results.

"The survey shows a median household income of $35,500," engineer Matt Smith
said. "That's much lower than the national survey that showed $49-$50,000."

He said that put Gray back into grant eligibility.

"Now, we can fix the information and move forward or not proceed at all," he
said. "We're here for information only."

Engineer Mark Gatlin said the process has been more of an uphill battle than
other USDA projects.

"The USDAis now pushing to get applications in by Aug. 14," he said. "This is
pushing the city to make a quick decision after being on the sidelines for a
while."

He said another option is to say more time is needed and not cut off the process
or rescind the application.

Councilman Terrell Fulford said the project needs to go somewhere.

"Growth won't be like the mid-'90s, but I don't see 10 years from now that we'll
have enough capacity," he said.

Smith said 2014 saw all-time highs for sewage treatment in Gray but that 2015 is
better.

"You're averaging a capacity of300,000 gallons a day, but at 80 percent --
320,000 gallons -- the EPD is going to want you to do something."

Georgia's EPD has issued citations and encouraged Gray to expand its wastewater
treatment capacity since 1997

Councilman Benny Gray, also water and sewer committee chairman, said the city
should leave the door open.

"But we're not ready right now," he said.

Automatic payments

Elaine Bernard Kent with QSl, the software company that handles Gray's utility
system billing, spoke to council members about automatic payment options for
customers.

"You have the option of bank draft already in the software you have," she said.
"We can also set up internet payments and a toll-free automated call system."

She said only utility payments are an option for now but receivingtax payments
is a feature that is being tested in other communities.

City Clerk Cindy Yancey said they would pursue setting up automatic bank drafts
immediately.

Council members discussed splitting the cost for the internet payment option,
which would be $4,695 upfront and $66.51 per month, between the general fund for
tax payments and water and sewer department.

Both items were put on the July meeting agenda for a vote.

That meeting will be July 6, 6 p.m., at City Hall.

Other items discussed

Sidewalks along West Clinton Street were repaired

Woodland Drive and Dolly Street are on the short list to be repaved through the
city's LMIG funds

A study into the possible reduction of the city's water and sewer tap-on fees
continues, but no decision has been reached

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JCN

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 The Jones County News


                              925 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                            October 8, 2009 Thursday
                                  1 - Edition

Federal grant bid to fund meters

BYLINE: MICHAEL STEDMAN

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 232  words


TASMANIA will bid for a share of a $250 million federal grants package to
install water meters across the state.

Treasurer Michael Aird yesterday confirmed his Government would bid for up to
$20 million from the fund, which was set up to promote water saving initiatives
and improve water quality.

The funding would be a saviour for the Government, which would otherwise have to
pass on the full cost of installing water meters to ratepayers as part of its
water and sewerage reforms.

Water meters are installed in 20 of the state's 27 municipalities, but major
population centres such as Hobart, Kingborough, Clarence and Glenorchy are
unmetered.

There are about 192,000 water connections in Tasmania but of those only 87,000
ratepayers are metered and charged for water use.

Another 40,000 meters have been installed but are not read.

Water meters would ensure households are charged equitably for water they use
rather than the current system which is based on AAV land values.

``I will be making a representation to the Australian Government regarding water
meter funding,'' Mr Aird said.

``The State Government is also in discussions with the water corporations about
how best to co-ordinate a submission to the Australian Government.''

Greens local government spokesman Tim Morris said the funding represented a
golden opportunity to install meters without further burdening struggling
ratepayers.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MER


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 4, 2015 Sunday

Organizations offer rental assistance

BYLINE: Jessica Priest, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 443 words


Jan. 04--Several nonprofits in the area say they're here to lend a hand whenever
the Victoria Housing Authority cannot.

Mid-Coast Family Services received a $140,000 grant from the Texas Department of
Housing and Urban Affairs in 2015. About $70,000 will go toward helping the
homeless pay between one to three months rent as well as a security deposit,
said Ginny Stafford, chief executive officer for Mid-Coast Family Services.

Like the Victoria Housing Authority, the nonprofit must adhere to rental limits
set by those in Washington, D.C.

"Not only that, but it has to meet habitability standards. There has to be
running water. It can't be an abandoned building. It has to have all the
utilities, smoke alarms and no lead-based paint," Stafford said. "Right now, we
have several homeless clients that are just pending because we're looking and
looking for a place they can stay."

She said Mid-Coast Family Services' goal is to house 10 families a month. Some
will come from its women's crisis shelter.

Call 361-575-7842 for a telephone screening.

The city also provides a grant for Salvation Army and Faith Family Church to
administer an eviction prevention program.

On the first two weeks of the month, Faith Family Church considers applications,
prioritizing moderate to low-income families with children, said Pam Waters, a
volunteer at Faith Family Church.

Applicants must show that they have received an eviction notice and explain how
they plan to get back on their feet, she said.

From October 2013 to October 2014, Faith Family Church helped 32 families with a
total of 96 in the households.

In 2014, it has helped 12 families with a total of 44 in the households, she
said.

"It's a wonderful program," Waters said. "It is our mission to help people;
however, they don't have to attend church here and we don't expect them to
attend church afterward. I want to be sure to point that out. Since it is a
grant, we cannot mix the two."

The eviction prevention program does not help with utilities. For more
information, call the church at 361-573-2484 and dial extension 31 or ask for
Pastor Mark Longoria or call Salvation Army at 361-572-3779.

Victoria Christian Assistance Ministry also offers rental and utility assistance
for the low income. Visit 108 N. Liberty St. to fill out an application,
Director Susan Whitefield said.

In 2013, Victoria Christian Assistance Ministry received $838,700 in grants and
helped 8,429 individuals, also with providing food, according to 990 Form filed
with the IRS.

___ (c)2015 Victoria Advocate (Victoria, Texas) Visit Victoria Advocate
(Victoria, Texas) at www.victoriaadvocate.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150104-VI-Organizations-offer-rental-assistance-0104-20150104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2015 Victoria Advocate


                              927 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                            July 22, 2009 Wednesday

Severn Trent feels the effects as companies cut back on water use

BYLINE: John Collingridge City Reporter

LENGTH: 274 words



HIGHLIGHT: WATER company Severn Trent said demand for water continued to dry up
during the early months of its financial year, as cash-conscious companies cut
their water use.


The firm, the UK's second-biggest water supplier, said the drop in demand has
continued at similar levels to last year, and will result in a £15 to £20m
revenue hit this financial year. It suffered a £20.8m blow from lower
consumption during its last financial year, which ran to the end of March.

Severn serves a population of more than eight million people, or 3.7m households
and businesses, stretching from the Bristol Channel to the River Humber, and
from mid-Wales to the East Midlands. Despite the ongoing demand fall, Severn
said its trading has been in line with expectations.

During the recession water companies have paid the price for companies cutting
back on water and sewerage services, as well as suffering falling     revenues
from failing businesses.

The company has previously reported an impact from the collapse of retailers
such as Woolworths and MFI, while manufacturers such as Jaguar Land Rover have
reduced their water needs. Business failures have also meant a higher toll from
bad debts. Severn said since April it has raised prices by 5.3 per cent on a
year ago. The company is now waiting for industry regulator Ofwat to set prices
for the next five years - a decision expected tomorrow.

In April Severn submitted its final plans to Ofwat for the next five years.
Severn said this would result in average household bills rising four per cent in
real terms over the life of the plan.

Severn yesterday added it expects £610m to £630m of net capital expenditure
during its financial year, after deducting grants and contributions.

It expects net spending on infrastructure repairs to be between £100m and £110m
of this sum.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YPOS


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            November 3, 2014 Monday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Money going down drain as leaks litter the system

BYLINE: Paul Melia

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 387 words


HOUSES are losing hundreds of euro worth of water each day because of leaks in
the system.

Irish Water will begin repairing leaks in people's homes under its 'first-fix
free' policy from early in the new year.

People will be asked to "invite" work crews into their homes, with as many as
75,000 properties - 5pc of the total customer base - suspected of having a
problem.

The company said one property that underwent works recently was losing 90,000
litres of water a day - valued at (EURO)220 - while another was losing 12,000
litres.

Only leaks between the stopcock and public mains will be fixed by the company.
Internal leaks are the responsibility of the homeowners.

Leaks will be identified based on metering data including high consumption
patterns and other indicators, such as a constant flow of water during the night
when residents would be expected to be asleep.

The most serious leaks will be prioritised, but bills will be capped for any
homeowner found to be using large volumes of water until the leak is repaired.
"The crew will have to investigate a leak and be invited in," head of asset
management Jerry Grant told the Irish Independent.

"The possibility of a leak is triggered by the meter, and we will indicate to
the household that there may be a leak. We would like the household to ring us
and discuss it with us.

"The crew will have to be invited in, and will shut off the stopcock and carry
out an investigation. If it is a problem in the garden, it's a first-fix
candidate and goes on to a work programme.

"Some people may have to wait some time for a fix, so we will cap the bill and
concentrate on the bigger ones.

"It deals with leaks that save the most water, and the leaks which are likely to
cause the highest amount of damage."

Warning Some (EURO)51m has been set aside to carry out the works. The budget may
be increased if the extent of the problem is greater than believed.

Leaking cisterns are thought to be a major source of leaks.

Households using more than 800 litres of water a day are considered to have a
"substantial" leak and will trigger a warning.

Average consumption per person is believed to be between 110 and 120 litres per
day.

The Commission for Energy Regulation is currently considering Irish Water's
draft policy. About 100 homes have already had leaks repaired under a pilot
scheme.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Protester Noel Carter at a march against water charges in Drogheda at
the weekend.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

State awards grants for northern Wisconsin homeowners

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: American Planning Association has issued the following news
release



 The state has awarded emergency grants for northern Wisconsin homeowners in
need of repairs after flooding caused widespread damage in July.





 The Wisconsin Department of Administration has made $2.35 million available for
low- to moderate-income households through community development block grants.



 A four-person household bringing in $48,150 a year or less is eligible to
apply.



 Kim Gifford , housing development specialist with the Northwest Regional
Planning Commission , said they've received 35 requests for funds to replace and
repair household items since the grant was announced Sept. 14 .



 "A lot of it is furnaces and water heaters, so unfortunately we're kind of
working on a time crunch," she said. "It's been beautiful the last couple of
days, but it is getting cooler out and people are without furnaces."



 Gifford said many of those affected did not have flood insurance.



 "Insurance companies denied them ... would not cover anything," she said.



 People can apply for grants to make flood repairs through December 2017 .



 Local units of government, owner-occupied residences and businesses that
sustained damaged from the storm that began July 11 can contact Kim Gifford ,
Housing Specialist, Northwest Regional Planning Commission at 715-635-2197.



 Wisconsin Public Radio , © Copyright 2016, Board of Regents of the University
of Wisconsin System and Wisconsin Educational Communications Board .



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            September 2, 2012 Sunday

Installation of solar power system: small household needs Rs 50,000 for 24-hour
electricity, says Jamali

BYLINE:  MUSHTAQ GHUMMAN

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 243

LENGTH: 256  words


Minister for Science and Technology, Changez Khan Jamali has revealed that the
households, who use only two bulbs and one fan, can enjoy electricity for 24
hours by installing solar system worth Rs 50,000.

Official sources told Business Recorder, in a recent meeting of Federal Cabinet,
the Minister for Science and Technology apprised the Cabinet of conversation to
the solar energy by taking following steps; (i) Rs 50,000 would be needed for a
small household, which could utilise two lights and one fan;(ii) Rs 100,000
would be required if they also want to use a TV or another electric
appliance;(ii) Rs 2, 500,000 would be needed for tube well with 300 feet depth
and ;(iii) Rs 4,000,000 to be needed for tube well with 600 feet depth.

He also informed the Cabinet about the outcome of Ministry of Science and
Technology regarding feasibility of the water based fuel, reportedly developed
by a scientist from Sukkur, who according to renowned scientist Pervez Hoodbhoy,
is lying with the nation. The water based fuel is said to be capable of running
1000 cc vehicles.

The Minister for Science and Technology requested the Prime Minister for grant
of Rs 10 million to initiate a pilot with direction to give demonstration within
one month. In response, the Prime Minister stated that this water-based fuel is
not being owned nationally as well as internationally. He, therefore, suggested
that it should be tested and authenticated by scientists of Ministry of Science
and Technology in the first place, before start of any pilot project.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            September 2, 2012 Sunday

Installation of solar power system: small household needs Rs 50,000 for 24-hour
electricity, says Jamali

BYLINE:  MUSHTAQ GHUMMAN

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 243

LENGTH: 256  words


Minister for Science and Technology, Changez Khan Jamali has revealed that the
households, who use only two bulbs and one fan, can enjoy electricity for 24
hours by installing solar system worth Rs 50,000.

Official sources told Business Recorder, in a recent meeting of Federal Cabinet,
the Minister for Science and Technology apprised the Cabinet of conversation to
the solar energy by taking following steps; (i) Rs 50,000 would be needed for a
small household, which could utilise two lights and one fan;(ii) Rs 100,000
would be required if they also want to use a TV or another electric
appliance;(ii) Rs 2, 500,000 would be needed for tube well with 300 feet depth
and ;(iii) Rs 4,000,000 to be needed for tube well with 600 feet depth.

He also informed the Cabinet about the outcome of Ministry of Science and
Technology regarding feasibility of the water based fuel, reportedly developed
by a scientist from Sukkur, who according to renowned scientist Pervez Hoodbhoy,
is lying with the nation. The water based fuel is said to be capable of running
1000 cc vehicles.

The Minister for Science and Technology requested the Prime Minister for grant
of Rs 10 million to initiate a pilot with direction to give demonstration within
one month. In response, the Prime Minister stated that this water-based fuel is
not being owned nationally as well as internationally. He, therefore, suggested
that it should be tested and authenticated by scientists of Ministry of Science
and Technology in the first place, before start of any pilot project.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Townsville Eye

                           January 4, 2012 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

SOLAR ENERGY Household solar power increase

SECTION: EYE; Pg. 65

LENGTH: 474  words


NORTH Queenslanders are being reminded of the benefits of turning to clean
energy

years.

The latest report from the Australian Energy Market Commission estimates
residential

electricity prices across the country will jump by 37 per cent in nominal terms
on average

by 2014.

Queensland, NSW and the ACT faced the highest predicted price rises over the
next

three years, at 42 per cent.

They are set to be followed by South Australia, with a predicted rise of 36 per
cent, Victoria

33 per cent, Western Australia 30 per cent, Tasmania 25 per cent; and the
Northern

Territory 16 per cent.

Household electricity costs have risen by about 60 per cent in Queensland in the
past

fi e years.

Townsville business A& C Grant Electrical Contractors & Air Conditioning has
been

operating in North Queensland for the past 20 years.

The team recently expanded to include a fresh squad of solar specialists who
operate under

the business Solar Townsville.

According to recent estimates, over 500,000 Australian households are now
reaping

the many benefi ts of generating their own electricity.

A& C Grant Electrical owner Tony Grant said there was no better time to go
green.

``More and more people are starting to realise its a worthwhile change and that
it really does

work, he said.

``The system has virtually paid for itself within four years because of the sort
of money you

are saving on your power bills.

``The cost of things like electricity just keep rising each year so there is no
better time

to make a change that is going to save you money and help the environment at the
same

time.

Minister for Energy and Water Utilities Stephen Robertson said the states
renewable energy

capacity had climbed 32 per cent from 743 megawatts to 982 megawatts since 2008.

``Queenslands solar power is projected to hit 500 megawatts this year, three
years ahead of

schedule, he said.

``When we started our campaign a year ago, Queensland was estimated to have
around

250 megawatts of solar power installed.

``Today, installed solar power in Queensland has already climbed to 394
megawatts.

``Thats a 57 per cent increase in just 12 months."

Mr Roberston said the future was looking bright for the region.

``Every time a house, business or government building installs solar, this
contributes to

building our virtual power station.

``Queensland is blessed with an abundance of renewable energy resources to
generate

cleaner electricity including solar, biomass, wind, hydroelectricity and
geothermal.

``These resources will play a key role in meeting the energy demands of
Queenslands

growing population, creating a new green jobs-based industry and helping to
reduce

greenhouse gas emissions.

A& C Grant Electrical Contractors & Air Conditioning is located at 129 Ingham
Rd,

West End or call 4772 1322.

For more information about Queensland Government solar initiatives visit

www.brightthing.energy.qld.gov.au.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: EYE


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                 March 7, 2014

SA's unspent cash blocks water flow

BYLINE: Kwanele Sosibo

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 1277 words



HIGHLIGHT: In many cases, the lack of basic services comes down to government's
poor management of money.


The South African Human Rights Commission (SAHRC) has described the lack of
access to clean water and adequate sanitation in the country as a potential
"national crisis".

A report by the organisation found that, as far as the provision of water is
concerned, 38% of South Africa's municipalities are at a high risk of crisis and
9% are already in crisis, putting their inhabitants at risk of contracting
disease.

In the Madibeng local municipality, for example, diarrhoea is recurrent,
especially among children, because neither the water supplied erratically by the
municipality nor the water delivered by trucks is of an adequate standard.

In January, four people died in the Madibeng townships of Damonsville and
Mothutlung during clashes with the police following protests over the supply of
water in January.

This week was marked by fresh protests over sanitation and water in areas such
as Mbombela, Bushbuck­ridge, Tshwete and Pienaar.

Informal settlements
 A department of water affairs report published in 2012 said that access to
sanitation is increasing at a rate of 300 000 households a year but "the
sanitation sector is faced with ongoing growth of formal and informal
settlements, particularly in urban areas, due to rural-urban migration,
population growth and the influx of foreign nationals".

But the increased provision of sanitation has been slow in the past two years
"as there has been a lack of co-ordination between different departments and
tiers of government," the SAHRC head of research, Karam Jeet Singh, said this
week.

"The provision of basic services is a local government competency, happening in
communities with no tax base. In many cases, local government has no resources
to provide these resources.

"Sometimes local authorities get bulk grants from the government but they just
don't know how to spend and they misallocate the funds, which is a polite way of
saying there's corruption."

Singh said that water and sanitation must be one of the government's top five
priorities because the right to them is linked to other rights.

'Safety issue'
 "Improper toilets become a safety issue, especially for women.

"In schools with no proper toilets, it becomes an issue about the rights to
education. If government were to prioritise it, there could be a co-ordinated
response from the top.

"By no means are we saying it is a simple issue. The issue of new informal
settlements is real but it can't be removed from other issues. It needs to be
reprioritised so that it can be dealt with in a co-ordinated fashion," Singh
said.

It is estimated that, at 2011's prices, about R45-billion was required to
provide basic services and upgrade existing infrastructure, but the total grant
to municipalities in the 2011-2012 financial year was R41-billion.

But the municipalities are also unable to spend their infrastructure grants.

Sabelo Mthantatho, a senior researcher of the Financial and Fiscal Commission,
said that a lack of capacity and a failure to follow procurement regulations,
which often led to service providers not delivering services of an acceptable
standard, were largely responsible for underspending.

"Take the rural household infrastructure grant, for example, where conventional
sanitation methods can't be used. That fund has experienced significant
underspending since it was introduced in the 2010-2011 financial year."

Only 66.7% of that year's R100-million allocation was spent and, in the
following financial year, only 72.8% of the R258-million allocation was spent.
There was significant spending between February and March 2011 (R52-million),
which raised the suspicion of "fiscal dumping".

"If a new grant is in the system," Mthantatho said, "you find that the
beneficiaries are not aware or not sure how to use it, which is usually a lack
of capacity."

The report also found the implementation of government's programmes for the very
poor to be lacking.

"The issue there is that there are low levels of literacy - people don't know
their rights - so you won't get the required levels of registration," Singh
said. "If we got the required levels of response from the department of social
development then people would know how to use it."

Protest statistics
 According to data from the web-based data and intelligence service Municipal
IQ, over the past 10 years, North West has accounted for 10% of all protests,
with 42% of them related to water.

Kevin Allan, the managing director of Municipal IQ, said this week that painting
a picture of broad failure in municipal delivery was an overstatement and that
delivery has generally improved.

"In metros, delivery is broadly very good, notwithstanding significant
population growth.

"The problem is with smaller municipalities and a number of delinquent
municipalities. In these, capacity is poor - they can't spend their money and
thus can't deliver.

"Also, we can't generalise about protests and nondelivery. While protests are
often because of poor delivery, in metros, which experience many protests,
delivery is good and protests rather reflect frustration in pockets of poverty,
which are often on the periphery of municipalities and where people feel
deprived relative to neighbouring, more established suburbs, wards or
communities."

Waste not: Adequate sanitation and clean water are basic rights. Photo:David
Harrison

What price economic growth without water?

The majority of Southern Africans are living in an "unrelenting struggle against
sanitation and water poverty," according to a new report that accuses
governments in the region of failing to prioritise their plight.

International nongovernmental organisation WaterAid said in its report, From
Promise to Reality, that Southern African leaders have fallen behind on their
promises to boost public spending on basic services, with the poorest and most
vulnerable people hardest hit.

"There is a lot of economic growth in the region . . . but this is bypassing
much of the population," said John Garratt, senior policy analyst at WaterAid,
contrasting the optimism over Southern Africa's economic prospects with the
region's lagging progress on clean water and sanitation targets.

An estimated 174-million people in Southern Africa - almost two-thirds of the
total population - lack access to basic latrines, and more than 100-million go
without clean drinking water. About 120 000 children under the age of five die
every year in the region from diarrhoea caused by unsafe water and sanitation.

WaterAid says progress in increasing access to services in Southern Africa has
been "stubbornly slow" since 1990. In some cases levels of access are "stalling
or even falling".

A major increase in resources is needed, particularly in rural areas, it says.

Garratt said sanitation and hygiene have been particularly neglected, with some
governments casting these as private issues best left for households and
families to address. Where money is available, it often appears to be directed
primarily to urban centres at the expense of rural areas.

In 2008, African governments signed the eThekwini declaration committing to
spend at least 0.5% of their GDP on sanitation and hygiene, and to put in place
separate budget lines to improve accountability and track progress.

WaterAid said no government in Southern Africa has met the spending target.

The NGO's report, which is based on case studies from Madagascar, Malawi,
Mozambique, Swaziland and Zambia, said increased revenue from natural resources
should make it easier to fund basic services.

But governments do not always benefit enough from their natural resources and
there is little transparency over how that money is spent, it said. - Claire
Provost © Guardian News & Media 2014

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           January 11, 2014 Saturday

Pointe-Verte holds line on tax, sewage rates for 2014

SECTION: H; Pg. H7

LENGTH: 381 words


POINTE-VERTE - The numbers are in and the village of Pointe-Verte will see
another year without increased tax and sewage rates.

The tax rate will remain at $1.57 per $100 of assessment.

The budget was approved at the village council meeting held on Dec. 30.

The village's unconditional grant increased as well as did its fiscal assets
which provided a larger tax base so tax rates were able to remain the same for
2014.

"The reason we were able to do it within the tax rate we had last year is
because (of) the increase of the unconditional grant and the increases of the
property values of the village," said Mayor Daniel Guitard. "We had many
construction (projects) this year and the overall value of the village
increased."

Guitard said the village also had a "tighter control on expenses" in almost all
areas including Parc Atlas.

"The only place where there was an increase of five per cent is the BNPP Police
Force," he said, referring to the Beresford, Nigadoo, Petit-Rocher, Pointe-Verte
Police Force. "Everywhere else it was either same as last year or well below the
three per cent."

The village refused the proposed budget for the BNPP because they raised the
budget about $11,000 compared to 2013, Guitard said. He said council passed a
resolution that the village would not pay more than they did in 2013.

"We don't have the money in the budget to pay the invoice that was presented -
our share of the budget," he said.

Last year, Pointe-Verte's sewage rate decreased to $375 per household and in
2014 the price will remain the same. Each household in the village has its own
well so there is no rate for water.

"On the sewer side we're doing some repairs on the pumping station," said
Vincent Poirier, general manager for the village.

The budget for sewer is $194,259 in 2014 compared to $151,136 in 2013 due to the
repairs on the pumping station.

The village's general operating budget for 2014 is $925,135 compared to $874,612
in 2013.

"It's not always the same amount because we end up in the surplus most of the
time," said Poirier.

The revenues for 2014, including the tax base and the unconditional grant for
the village, are $926,023. In 2013 the revenues were $874,692.

The village's main capital project for 2014 will be the purchase of a new
$200,000 fire department rescue unit.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                 The Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton, Queensland)

                             August 3, 2010 Tuesday

Households hit with 33% hike for sewerage

BYLINE:  di stanley

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 377  words


BLACKWATER: Blackwater households have been hit with a 7.5% increase in rates,
and a whopping 33% hike in sewerage scheme charges.

The increases, announced in the Central Highlands Regional Council 2010/11
budget yesterday, will see the urban rate rise to $743 annually, and sewerage
charges up from $389 to $518, and new water access fees and charges introduced
as a requirement of the National Competition Policy.

Bluff, Dingo and Duaringa's town rates have been set at $557, with a uniform
rural rate of $599 capped at 30%.

Mayor Peter Maguire said council had worked hard to rationalise the former
rating structures to provide equity for all ratepayers across the urban, rural
and mining categories.

He acknowledged any further cost of living expenses would stress household and
business budgets.

"Council recognises the continuing financial challenges that rising prices,
interest rates and the economic climate is having on household budgets, as well
as small, medium and large business enterprises including rural industries," he
said.

"The overall budget of rates and charges delivers a modest increase of 7.5%
across the board while aiming to build on the strong foundation for developing
the region's future long-term financial sustainability.

"Because of the equalisation process, some areas will pay less and some will pay
more than the previous year.

"The increase was deemed necessary by council to meet the current and future
needs of the community in providing quality essential services and facilities.

"Council's costs, like any other business, have risen substantially in the past
12 months, and have been impacted by more than just the DPI increase.

"Our costs are also affected by the general construction index and the loss of
State Government roads and drainage grants as well as the withdrawal of 40%
subsidies for sewerage and water infrastructure that have been scrapped."

In a budget with total recurrent revenue estimated at $126.4 million and total
capital revenue of $8.7 million; Cr Maguire announced big ticket items for
Blackwater including $761,500 for the All Abilities Park upgrade; a combined
$1.257 million for water and sewerage; and a further $300,000 for the pool.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RMB


                    Copyright 2010 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                             June 10, 2014 Tuesday

High Desert getting two new water recycling plants

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 538 words


Two High Desert communities are getting some water relief in the form of two new
wastewater recycling plants.

The Victor Valley Subregional Water Reclamation plants will produce water, not
for drinking, but rather for landscape irrigation, industrial use, and
recharging groundwater basins.

Both Apple Valley and Hesperia will be home to a new facility.

The Apple Valley plant will be located at the southwest corner of Brewster Park.
The Hesperia plant will be where Palomino Avenue meets Mojave Street.

When completed, the plants will each provide 1,000 acre feet of water.

We re in pretty good shape water-wise. The city of Hesperia was able to purchase
a lot of water rights,  said Hesperia Mayor Thurston Smith.  But now we re going
to be able to use recycled water for landscaping, and we re able to use the
potable water for human consumption instead of using good drinking water for
landscaping, so this is a real good thing for everybody in the future.

The recycled water, from treated sewage, is equivalent to 730 million gallons
annually, or enough to fill 36,500 swimming pools, according to officials.

It s enough for almost 6,000 households   each plant offering enough non-potable
water for about 3,000 households, according to Logan Olds, general manager of
the Victor Valley Wastewater Reclamation Authority .

Construction bidding on the $50 million project is expected to start this month,
with construction expected to begin in November. The subregional plants are
expected to be operational by March 2017.

The initial use is what s going to be critical ... this couldn t come at a
better time, using reclaimed water as opposed to potable water for irrigation,
said Apple Valley town manager Frank Robinson.  It makes a lot of sense
especially when you have park lands like Apple Valley does. We have a number of
large ballfields and parks. We re going to irrigate in the future with reclaimed
water.

Recycled water infrastructure has already been established in the high desert,
with purple piping having been installed in new developments to accommodate
reclaimed water from the new treatment plants, Robinson said.

It will ultimately result in savings and eliminate us having to buy water,
Robinson said.  We also produce some water on our own, but we also acquire water
from other outside sources. It is potable water, so it is more expensive. The
reclaimed water helps us save money in the long haul.

Nearly $12 million in state and federal funding will go toward construction of
the plants. The Victor Valley Wastewater Reclamation Authority was recently
awarded a $3 million grant from the federal Bureau of Reclamation toward the
project.

I think this is the future and really all over California, you re going to see a
greater emphasis on reclamation and probably more money being diverted to
reclamation projects on a state and federal level,  Robinson said.

The Victor Valley Wastewater Reclamation Authority is a public agency governed
by officials from its member agencies, which include Apple Valley, Hesperia,
Victorville, Oro Grande and Spring Valley Lake. The agency s main treatment
plant, the Resource Recovery Facility, is in Victorville.

For more information, call 760-246-8683, or visit vvwra.com .

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             June 10, 2014 Tuesday

High Desert getting two new water recycling plants

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 538 words


Two High Desert communities are getting some water relief in the form of two new
wastewater recycling plants.

The Victor Valley Subregional Water Reclamation plants will produce water, not
for drinking, but rather for landscape irrigation, industrial use, and
recharging groundwater basins.

Both Apple Valley and Hesperia will be home to a new facility.

The Apple Valley plant will be located at the southwest corner of Brewster Park.
The Hesperia plant will be where Palomino Avenue meets Mojave Street.

When completed, the plants will each provide 1,000 acre feet of water.

We re in pretty good shape water-wise. The city of Hesperia was able to purchase
a lot of water rights,  said Hesperia Mayor Thurston Smith.  But now we re going
to be able to use recycled water for landscaping, and we re able to use the
potable water for human consumption instead of using good drinking water for
landscaping, so this is a real good thing for everybody in the future.

The recycled water, from treated sewage, is equivalent to 730 million gallons
annually, or enough to fill 36,500 swimming pools, according to officials.

It s enough for almost 6,000 households   each plant offering enough non-potable
water for about 3,000 households, according to Logan Olds, general manager of
the Victor Valley Wastewater Reclamation Authority .

Construction bidding on the $50 million project is expected to start this month,
with construction expected to begin in November. The subregional plants are
expected to be operational by March 2017.

The initial use is what s going to be critical ... this couldn t come at a
better time, using reclaimed water as opposed to potable water for irrigation,
said Apple Valley town manager Frank Robinson.  It makes a lot of sense
especially when you have park lands like Apple Valley does. We have a number of
large ballfields and parks. We re going to irrigate in the future with reclaimed
water.

Recycled water infrastructure has already been established in the high desert,
with purple piping having been installed in new developments to accommodate
reclaimed water from the new treatment plants, Robinson said.

It will ultimately result in savings and eliminate us having to buy water,
Robinson said.  We also produce some water on our own, but we also acquire water
from other outside sources. It is potable water, so it is more expensive. The
reclaimed water helps us save money in the long haul.

Nearly $12 million in state and federal funding will go toward construction of
the plants. The Victor Valley Wastewater Reclamation Authority was recently
awarded a $3 million grant from the federal Bureau of Reclamation toward the
project.

I think this is the future and really all over California, you re going to see a
greater emphasis on reclamation and probably more money being diverted to
reclamation projects on a state and federal level,  Robinson said.

The Victor Valley Wastewater Reclamation Authority is a public agency governed
by officials from its member agencies, which include Apple Valley, Hesperia,
Victorville, Oro Grande and Spring Valley Lake. The agency s main treatment
plant, the Resource Recovery Facility, is in Victorville.

For more information, call 760-246-8683, or visit vvwra.com .

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 21, 2011 Sunday

Weatherization program going strong in Kitsap

BYLINE: Amy Phan, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 910 words


Aug. 21--KITSAP COUNTY -- Kitsap County's weatherization grants, part of
President Barack Obama's $787 billion Recovery Act package, seem to have
accomplished what they set out to do: Increase the number of weatherized homes
and jobs.

Since 2009, Kitsap County has received more than $4 million in grants to reduce
the carbon footprint of homes and train the workforce to make it happen.

Weatherization fund recipients said investing in retrofitting has far-reaching
impact. And it has already started to show in Kitsap County.

Kitsap Community Resources, an organization that specializes in free
weatherization upgrades for low-income households, was able to retrofit at least
641 homes with the stimulus money, saving homeowners an average of 35 percent in
annual energy costs, according to Darlene Cook, who oversees KCR's
weatherization program. At least 1,500 low-income individuals have benefited
from the program so far. The agency has created 13 new jobs with the grant, and
hired two full-time and one part-time employee dedicated to energy-efficiency
projects.

"The (American Recovery and Reinvestment Act) money was a great success in
Kitsap County," Cook said.

Previously, KCR retrofitted about 70 homes a year.

KCR members said the agency is on track to use its $1.8 million stimulus fund by
Dec. 31.

The demand to weatherize has been high -- KCR has had to waitlist households
interested in weatherization for about a year; the agency retrofits about seven
residences per month.

KCR's successful weatherization program stands out when compared with
neighboring counties.

Seattle's weatherization program was awarded a $20 million grant to create 2,000
jobs and retrofit 2,000 homes in 2010.

So far, only three homes have been retrofitted and 14 jobs created from the
grant, reported the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.

Organizers told the paper that the economy, bureaucracy and bad timing were to
blame for the poor results.

"The Seattle situation was a mayor's design to rehabilitate homes and create
jobs. It was aimed at structural changes that had a totally different outcome
from what we do," KCR Executive Director Larry Eyer said.

Part of KCR's story has to do with the fact its 30-year weatherization program
was already in place. The agency has been repairing roofs, installing water
pipes and lowering overall home-energy costs since the 1980s, receiving a
mixture of statewide and federal funding. The stimulus money allowed the agency
to capitalize on a proven program without new-program associated delays, Eyer
said.

"We've been working on this low-income weatherization program for a long time.
(With Recovery Act money), we already had a good system in place," he said.

KCR's weatherization program collaborated with Olympic College's
energy-efficiency training program. The college received $275,000 from a $3.9
million U.S. Department of Labor grant for energy-efficiency training in Kitsap,
Jefferson and Clallam counties.

The college used the funding to train 91 students through its program, which
included curriculum on energy-efficient construction, weatherization and
energy-audit certifications at no cost, according to the college.

All of the students were from Kitsap County and had previously been laid off,
said Amy Hatfield, dean of Workforce Development and Basic Studies for Olympic
College.

Matt Stefnik, 49, of Silverdale had been unemployed for about nine months before
joining the program. He graduated from the program in late July, specializing in
energy efficient audits and software.

After a 30-year career in the construction industry, he said, the energy
efficiency training provided him with a much-needed competitive edge in a
"depressed" industry.

With his new certifications, Stefnik opened his own energy assessment business,
hiring six individuals from the program.

"Without it, I would have been chasing all types of work just to pay the bills,
instead of being in the position that I am," he said.

Stefnik contracts with KCR, Puget Sound Energy and the county to conduct energy
audits.

"I'm slammed at work. I'm backlogged a couple weeks out right now," he said.

He's hired five individuals from the training program to help and is looking to
expand his business to a dozen employees by next year.

RePower Kitsap, the county's energy-efficiency loan program, is taking note of
the success of KCR's weatherization program.

Modeled after KCR's program, RePower Kitsap hopes to do the same for
middle-income households.

KCR and RePower Kitsap have independent weatherization programs.

RePower Kitsap received $2.22 million from a U.S. Department of Energy grant in
2009 as part of a countywide retrofit program.

The county reserved $500,000 for household weatherization projects, with 87
assessments resulting and only five loans approved.

Autumn Salamack, resource conservation manager for the county, is confident the
county will finish using its grant before its end cycle in December 2012.

Most of the energy upgrades have been to lighting fixtures in places like county
fairgrounds and the juvenile detention building. The county also installed a
solar hot water system on the county courthouse and a radiant heating system in
the fairgrounds buildings.The county expects to save $72,455 annually in energy
costs from the upgrades, Salamack said.

Â©2011, Kitsap Sun (Bremerton, Wash.) To see more of the Kitsap Sun (Bremerton,
Wash.), or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to www.kitsapsun.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110821-1BR-Weatherization-program-going-strong-in-Kitsap-0821-20110821

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BR


                           Copyright 2011 Kitsap Sun


                              939 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                           February 25, 2017 Saturday

US-funded Zarqa water sanitation project ends as Washington pledges further
funding

BYLINE: Bahaa Al Deen Al Nawas

LENGTH: 675  words


By Bahaa Al Deen Al Nawas - Feb 25,2017 - Last updated at Feb 25,2017

AMMAN -- After five years and $275 million (JD194.5 million), a US-funded water
sanitation project drew to a close on Thursday, leaving behind it 860km of new
water pipes, 300km of new sewage pipes and other infrastructure in Zarqa, some
22km northeast of the capital.

The Millennium Challenge Account-Jordan (MCA-Jordan) held a ceremony to mark the
completion of the programme, which was funded by the US government's Millennium
Challenge Compact (MCC).

Water Minister Hazem Nasser, US Ambassador to Jordan Alice G. Wells, MCC
Regional Deputy Vice President for Europe, Asia, Pacific and Latin America
Fatema Z. Sumar, as well as representatives of MCC, the government, the donor
community, the private sector and the local community all attended the ceremony.

In a speech at the ceremony, Nasser highlighted the challenges Jordan faced to
meet the necessary conditions for participation in the grant programme, as well
as the US government's efforts to help Jordan fund its water projects.

For her part, Wells said: "From the initial construction of the King Abdullah
Canal in the 1960s, to the more recent building of the Zara-Maeen Water
Treatment Plant, the goal has been to create sustainable investments with a
meaningful impact on the economic development of Jordan.

"Jordan's implementation of the compact, from 2011 to 2016, has transformed the
water and sanitation infrastructure in Zarqa, improved the lives of ordinary
Jordanians, empowered women, including a new class of Jordanian female
plumbers," she said.

The ambassador added that the US Congress has allocated $100 million for the Red
Sea-Dead Sea Water Conveyance Project, which is hoped will provide an additional
water supply for the Kingdom, while reversing the declining water levels in the
Dead Sea.

Wells also said that the US plans to invest an additional $250 million over the
next five years to "help meet increasing water and sanitation needs".

Sumar explained that initially, 860km of water pipes were replaced, followed by
a new pumping station, a new water administration utility building, and the
installation of 40,000 new household water metres.

"These investments have laid the foundation for better operation and management
of water utility and bring more clean water to citizens and businesses across
Zarqa," she said.

The project then constructed over 300km of new sewer pipes in Zarqa to reduce
sewage overflow in the city's streets, Sumar added.

"[These] connected more homes in the city to the wastewater network and
increased the collection of wastewater for treatment by As Samra Wastewater
Treatment Plant for irrigation use at the Jordan Valley," she noted.

MCC helped expand As Samra plant -- in partnership with the Water Ministry and
the private sector -- which uses modern methods to treat over 133 million cubic
metres of water annually that farmers can use to irrigate their fields,
according to Sumar.

In addition to installing the water and wastewater pipes, building the Basateen
Pump Station and Reservoir, the new Water Authority of Jordan building in Zarqa
and the expansion of As Samra treatment plant, MCA-Jordan also implemented the
Water Smart Homes Activity.

The activity included an awareness campaign, "By Water We Live - We Preserve it
to Survive", which helped Zarqa residents understand the best practices of water
management within their homes, the company said.

Water and wastewater infrastructure was also repaired and upgraded in around
4,000 of the governorate's most deprived households.

MCA-Jordan CEO Kamal Zoubi said the five-year programme was completed within the
allotted time and saved around $23 million, which was used to purchase
wastewater cleaning vehicles to facilitate the proactive maintenance of Zarqa's
wastewater network.

Asked about the water loss difference before and after the implementation of the
programme, Zoubi told The Jordan Times that the evaluation process is still
ongoing, noting that figures are being calculated and will be made available
later.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2017 The Jordan Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                              June 9, 2014 Monday

High Desert getting two new water recycling plants

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 540 words


Two High Desert communities are getting some water relief in the form of two new
wastewater recycling plants.

The Victor Valley Subregional Water Reclamation plants will produce water, not
for drinking, but rather for landscape irrigation, industrial use, and
recharging groundwater basins.

Both Apple Valley and Hesperia will be home to a new facility.

The Apple Valley plant will be located at the southwest corner of Brewster Park.
The Hesperia plant will be where Palomino Avenue meets Mojave Street.

When completed, the plants will each provide 1,000 acre feet of water.

We re in pretty good shape water-wise. The city of Hesperia was able to purchase
a lot of water rights,  said Hesperia Mayor Thurston Smith.  But now we re going
to be able to use recycled water for landscaping, and we re able to use the
potable water for human consumption instead of using good drinking water for
landscaping, so this is a real good thing for everybody in the future.

The recycled water, from treated sewage, is equivalent to 730 million gallons
annually, or enough to fill 36,500 swimming pools, according to officials.

It s enough for almost 6,000 households   each plant offering enough non-potable
water for about 3,000 households, according to Logan Olds, general manager of
the Victor Valley Wastewater Reclamation Authority .

Construction bidding on the $50 million project is expected to start this month,
with construction expected to begin in November. The subregional plants are
expected to be operational by March 2017.

The initial use is what s going to be critical ... this couldn t come at a
better time, using reclaimed water as opposed to potable water for irrigation,
said Apple Valley town manager Frank Robinson.  It makes a lot of sense
especially when you have park lands like Apple Valley does. We have a number of
large ballfields and parks. We re going to irrigate in the future with reclaimed
water.

Recycled water infrastructure has already been established in the high desert,
with purple piping having been installed in new developments to accommodate
reclaimed water from the new treatment plants, Robinson said.

It will ultimately result in savings and eliminate us having to buy water,
Robinson said.  We also produce some water on our own, but we also acquire water
from other outside sources. It is potable water, so it is more expensive. The
reclaimed water helps us save money in the long haul.

Nearly $12 million dollars in state and federal funding will go toward
construction of the plants. The Victor Valley Wastewater Reclamation Authority
was recently awarded a $3 million grant from the federal Bureau of Reclamation
toward the project.

I think this is the future and really all over California, you re going to see a
greater emphasis on reclamation and probably more money being diverted to
reclamation projects on a state and federal level,  Robinson said.

The Victor Valley Wastewater Reclamation Authority is a public agency governed
by officials from its member agencies, which include Apple Valley, Hesperia,
Victorville, Oro Grande and Spring Valley Lake. The agency s main treatment
plant, the Resource Recovery Facility, is in Victorville.

For more information, call 760-246-8683, or visit vvwra.com .

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                              June 9, 2014 Monday

High Desert getting two new water recycling plants

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 540 words


Two High Desert communities are getting some water relief in the form of two new
wastewater recycling plants.

The Victor Valley Subregional Water Reclamation plants will produce water, not
for drinking, but rather for landscape irrigation, industrial use, and
recharging groundwater basins.

Both Apple Valley and Hesperia will be home to a new facility.

The Apple Valley plant will be located at the southwest corner of Brewster Park.
The Hesperia plant will be where Palomino Avenue meets Mojave Street.

When completed, the plants will each provide 1,000 acre feet of water.

We re in pretty good shape water-wise. The city of Hesperia was able to purchase
a lot of water rights,  said Hesperia Mayor Thurston Smith.  But now we re going
to be able to use recycled water for landscaping, and we re able to use the
potable water for human consumption instead of using good drinking water for
landscaping, so this is a real good thing for everybody in the future.

The recycled water, from treated sewage, is equivalent to 730 million gallons
annually, or enough to fill 36,500 swimming pools, according to officials.

It s enough for almost 6,000 households   each plant offering enough non-potable
water for about 3,000 households, according to Logan Olds, general manager of
the Victor Valley Wastewater Reclamation Authority .

Construction bidding on the $50 million project is expected to start this month,
with construction expected to begin in November. The subregional plants are
expected to be operational by March 2017.

The initial use is what s going to be critical ... this couldn t come at a
better time, using reclaimed water as opposed to potable water for irrigation,
said Apple Valley town manager Frank Robinson.  It makes a lot of sense
especially when you have park lands like Apple Valley does. We have a number of
large ballfields and parks. We re going to irrigate in the future with reclaimed
water.

Recycled water infrastructure has already been established in the high desert,
with purple piping having been installed in new developments to accommodate
reclaimed water from the new treatment plants, Robinson said.

It will ultimately result in savings and eliminate us having to buy water,
Robinson said.  We also produce some water on our own, but we also acquire water
from other outside sources. It is potable water, so it is more expensive. The
reclaimed water helps us save money in the long haul.

Nearly $12 million dollars in state and federal funding will go toward
construction of the plants. The Victor Valley Wastewater Reclamation Authority
was recently awarded a $3 million grant from the federal Bureau of Reclamation
toward the project.

I think this is the future and really all over California, you re going to see a
greater emphasis on reclamation and probably more money being diverted to
reclamation projects on a state and federal level,  Robinson said.

The Victor Valley Wastewater Reclamation Authority is a public agency governed
by officials from its member agencies, which include Apple Valley, Hesperia,
Victorville, Oro Grande and Spring Valley Lake. The agency s main treatment
plant, the Resource Recovery Facility, is in Victorville.

For more information, call 760-246-8683, or visit vvwra.com .

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                 Agencia de Informacao de Mocambique (English)

                                 July 08, 2013

Dutch Companies Awarded Maputo Water Contract

LENGTH: 465 words


The Dutch companies Royal HaskoningDHV and Vites Evides International have been
awarded a contract to work on a project to supply drinking water in Mozambique's
capital city Maputo.

The companies will design a water distribution system for northern Maputo which
will eventually supply safe drinking water to 550,000 residents and 20,000
households.

The contract was awarded by Mozambique's Water Supply Investment and Assets Fund
(FIPAG) for the implementation of all services required for the development
phase of the project that will be funded by the Dutch government. The contract
is worth  2.2 million (just under $3 million).

The water distribution system will be part of the Corumana Water Supply System,
a $130 million project funded by the World Bank through a loan to the Mozambique
government.

The Corumana Water Supply System will initially supply 60,000 cubic metres per
day of treated drinking water to Maputo from the Corumana Dam on the Sabie
River. This capacity will be extended during a second phase to 120,000 cubic
metres per day.

The distribution system will cover an area of about 900 square kilometres. Royal
HaskoningDHV and Vitens Evides International will design the system with four
new distribution centres and 192 kilometres of primary and secondary
distribution pipes connecting 20,000 household to the water supply for the first
time.

The consortium will also draw up the tender documents for the construction of
the distribution system.

The design phase is due to end in April next year, with building work scheduled
to begin before the end of 2014.

The Dutch government will fund the construction phase with a grant of around  20
million, and will pay for the system's operation and maintenance for the first
decade, costing around  1 million.

According to Royal HaskoningDHV's project director, Bob Bakker, "the new
sustainable urban water supply system will provide good quality drinking water
for more than half a million inhabitants in northern Maputo. The new system will
improve drinking water quality and quantity, and will reduce the costs per litre
for the inhabitants that now depend on unreliable sources".

Bakker added, "it is exciting to have the opportunity to provide a system that
will make a real difference to the quality of lives of so many people, and help
to enhance the Maputo community in such a positive way".

Currently the cities of Maputo and Matola and the adjacent areas rely on the
Umbeluzi River for their water supply. But the system based on the Umbeluzi
treatment station is no longer sufficient to meet the growing demand for water.

The Dutch government previously contributed  18.6 million to the expansion of
the Umbeluzi system, a project which increased the number of people benefitting
from this system from 670,000 to 1.5 million.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Warner, Kaine Announce $1 Million Grant To Improve Water Quality In Wise County

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Tim Kaine, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Mark Warner and Tim Kaine announced today that Virginia has
received a $1 million grant from the Department of Agriculture to improve water
quality in Wise County. The $1 million grant, combined with a $276,000 loan,
will help fund a public sewer system in the communities of Osaka and Roda, which
have faced public health issues and environmental concerns due to direct sewage
discharge into streams. The project will serve 73 households in Wise County.

"Expanding access to clean, reliable public water supplies has been a priority
of mine since I served as Governor, when we extended access to more than 70,000
Virginians while also making record investments in Virginia's Water Quality
Improvement Fund," Sen. Warner said. "This is a welcome and significant step to
promote public health and support improved water quality in Wise County."

"It's critical for public health and quality of life that every Virginia
community can depend on reliable water and wastewater infrastructure," said
Kaine. "I am pleased with this major new investment in Southwest Virginia, and I
am committed to supporting these essential infrastructure needs even in tight
budgetary times, particularly in rural communities."

For further information please visit: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

Kensington Heights sewer project awarded funding

BYLINE: Staff report

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 396 words


CHAMBERSBURG &GT;&GT; Five homeowners in Kensington Heights can expect some
financial help in paying to connect to the Hamilton Township Municipal Authority
sewer system.

The state has approved $85,000 in Community Development Block Grant funds for
low- to moderate-income households connecting to public sewer in the original
section of Kensington Heights located in Letterkenny Township.

Just five of the 46 homeowners qualify.

Homeowners protesting the sewer extension had hoped for assistance to help all
families cover the estimated one-time costs of $12,000 or more.

HTMA responded in December to public outcry and suspended the project, but a
month later the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection told the
authority that the project must be completed by the end of 2017.

The authority is expected to pay about $535,000 for the extension. A homeowner
must pay a $2,000 connection fee and buy a grinder pump and tank, then pay to
connect them to the authority's sewer mains. The homeowner also will pay for the
cost of electricity and maintenance of the pump.

HTMA will extend sewer to homes along Kensington Drive, Sheffield Drive, Peach
Street, and a portion of Funk and Lawyers roads. The extension to Old Kensington
Heights was first proposed about 25 years ago, but action was not taken until
last year.

The grant from Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development
would allow five low- to moderate income households to apply for up to $17,000
each to connect to the HTMA system.

A DCED spokesperson said the funding has been approved but a contract has yet to
be executed. Franklin County commissioners on Thursday are to approve the grant
agreement, which will be reviewed by DCED.

HTMA previously had applied for $500,000 in competitive CDBG money, but DCED
determined that the project did not meet the "urgent need" requirements for a
statewide CDBG competitive grant. The state suggested that the county revise its
application to target low- to moderate-income families.

The county did not allocate any of its 2014 CDBG entitlement funds toward the
project because officials were anticipating the state would award the $85,000
competitive grant.

More than half of the households in the project area would have to be low- to
moderate-income in order for all homes to qualify for the grant funding.

HTMA officials could not be immediately reached.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 16, 2016 Saturday

Minnesota: Dollars Available to Help Homeowners Replace Septic Systems

LENGTH: 238  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Stearns: Stearns County of Minnesota has issued the following news release:



 Stearns County's Environmental Services Department has a limited amount of
funding available to assist homeowners in replacing subsurface sewage treatment
systems. The funding comes from a grant received from the State of Minnesota.





 Eligibility for this grant requires that:



     The household has low income (based on 2015 tax returns)

     The property is a homesteaded single family home or duplex

     The sewage treatment system is documented to be an Imminent Threat to
Public Health and Safety, or is Failing to Protect Groundwater status



 These funds are available for a limited time only. Residents of Stearns County
who think they may qualify, and would like an application, should contact Susan
McGuire or Mark Latterell at the Stearns County Environmental Services
Department at 320-656-3613 or 1-800-450-0852.

 Applications are available now, and should be submitted to Environmental
Services when completed. The money will be distributed on first come first
served basis.



 The purpose of these grants is to protect and restore water quality. The source
of the funding is the Minnesota Clean Water Fund, one of four funds established
by the Clean Water, Wildlife, Cultural Heritage and Natural Areas Amendment in
2008.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 15, 2016 Friday

Minnesota: Dollars Available to Help Homeowners Replace Septic Systems

LENGTH: 238  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Stearns: Stearns County of Minnesota has issued the following news release:



 Stearns County's Environmental Services Department has a limited amount of
funding available to assist homeowners in replacing subsurface sewage treatment
systems. The funding comes from a grant received from the State of Minnesota.





 Eligibility for this grant requires that:



     The household has low income (based on 2015 tax returns)

     The property is a homesteaded single family home or duplex

     The sewage treatment system is documented to be an Imminent Threat to
Public Health and Safety, or is Failing to Protect Groundwater status



 These funds are available for a limited time only. Residents of Stearns County
who think they may qualify, and would like an application, should contact Susan
McGuire or Mark Latterell at the Stearns County Environmental Services
Department at 320-656-3613 or 1-800-450-0852.

 Applications are available now, and should be submitted to Environmental
Services when completed. The money will be distributed on first come first
served basis.



 The purpose of these grants is to protect and restore water quality. The source
of the funding is the Minnesota Clean Water Fund, one of four funds established
by the Clean Water, Wildlife, Cultural Heritage and Natural Areas Amendment in
2008.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Minnesota: Dollars Available to Help Homeowners Replace Septic Systems

LENGTH: 238  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Stearns: Stearns County of Minnesota has issued the following news release:



 Stearns County's Environmental Services Department has a limited amount of
funding available to assist homeowners in replacing subsurface sewage treatment
systems. The funding comes from a grant received from the State of Minnesota.





 Eligibility for this grant requires that:



     The household has low income (based on 2015 tax returns)

     The property is a homesteaded single family home or duplex

     The sewage treatment system is documented to be an Imminent Threat to
Public Health and Safety, or is Failing to Protect Groundwater status



 These funds are available for a limited time only. Residents of Stearns County
who think they may qualify, and would like an application, should contact Susan
McGuire or Mark Latterell at the Stearns County Environmental Services
Department at 320-656-3613 or 1-800-450-0852.

 Applications are available now, and should be submitted to Environmental
Services when completed. The money will be distributed on first come first
served basis.



 The purpose of these grants is to protect and restore water quality. The source
of the funding is the Minnesota Clean Water Fund, one of four funds established
by the Clean Water, Wildlife, Cultural Heritage and Natural Areas Amendment in
2008.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 8, 2014 Tuesday

Community water systems struggle with drought, aging wells

BYLINE: Staci Matlock, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 679 words


July 08--Residents in Cañada de los Alamos, a small community east of Santa Fe,
received notice this month that they were in danger of running out of water.

"People are using quite a bit of water now in the summer. Our wells were
producing less water than what we were using," said Richard Hepperle, president
of the Cañada de los Alamos Mutual Domestic Water Consumers Association.

On July 3, he said, the 50,000-gallon tank serving the communal water system was
only one-quarter full.

The water system's board urged the community to conserve water as much as
possible and to boil water until samples are tested from from an old well that
was brought back online over the weekend.

The system, which serves 21 households and an estimated 70 people, is one of
many small community systems across the state that are struggling with water
supplies due to drought and aging wells. Many of the wells are more than 40
years old.

Santa Fe County has more than two dozen mutual domestic water associations and
another dozen privately owned community water systems. Across the state, there
are more than 550 such systems, some serving only a few households and others,
such as the one in Eldorado, serving hundreds.

Hepperle said he has visited with other domestic water system operators. "A lot
of community water systems are having problems with low production and
contamination," he said.

In Sunlit Hills, Richard Vail has seen a definite decline in water levels in
some of the 12 wells serving 425 households in that development. Water levels in
two wells have declined 100 feet in the last three years, said Vail, who owns
the private system serving the subdivision.

He said the wells also declined during the last major drought, from 2000 to
2004, but this time he thinks the drop is happening more quickly.

Vail, who bought the system in 2004, said he was about to restrict water use,
but a new well he added recently helped relieve the supply concerns.

Unlike mutual domestic water associations, which qualify for public funding
through state appropriations, grants and low-interest loans, private community
systems have to foot the bill for repairs and new water resources. "I'm
worried," Vail said of the water outlook. "Do I pay millions of dollars to bring
in a pipeline and thousands more to buy water rights? I can't sell water at a
high enough price to pay for it."

Other mutual domestics in Santa Fe County haven't seen an impact from the
drought. The size of the aquifer serving a well and how it is recharged all play
into whether drought impacts the water levels. The wells at Sunlit Hills, for
instance, rely on winter snowpack, which has declined during the past four
years.

Antonio Chavez, foreman for the Galisteo community water system, said water
levels there drop a little during the summer months but recover quickly. The one
well serving the community system is only 20 feet underground and relies on
recharge from the Galisteo Creek.

Still, Chavez said, "We do require that members not water between 10 a.m. and 6
p.m. As a whole, we conserve as much as we can."

Reynaldo Romero, with the La Cienega community water association, said water
levels in the one well serving that system had remained steady, but water levels
in his private well have declined.

Hepperle said the Cañada de los Alamos system recovered after a gallery well was
turned back on. The well was shut down almost a year ago after a water sample
tested positive for harmful bacteria at levels greater than allowed for drinking
water. He said the well has been chlorinated, but people are still advised to
boil the water until two consecutive samples come back clean.

He said the old system, built in the late 1950s, has had problems with rust and
silt clogging the water pump. Two of the wells tap into water 700 feet below the
surface.

Contact Staci Matlock at 986-3055 or smatlock@sfnewmexican.com Follow her on
Twitter @stacimatlock.

___ (c)2014 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140708-SF-Community-water-systems
-struggle-with-drought-aging-wells-0708-20140708

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2014 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              949 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             June 28, 2007 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

AUDIT FINDS ENERGY-ASSISTANCE FRAUD;
SOME LIHEAP CLIENTS USED SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS OF THE DECEASED

BYLINE: Elwin Green. Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 488 words


More than 400 clients of a state-administered program offering energy assistance
to low income households received aid by using Social Security numbers belonging
to the deceased, according to an audit released yesterday.

State Auditor General Jack Wagner said a special performance audit found
"serious deficiencies" in the Department of Public Welfare's administration of
the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program between July 1, 2000, and June 30,
2006.

According to the report, "inadequate policies and procedures, insufficient
supervision and inadequate oversight" resulted in potential applicant and
employee fraud and abuse in all six counties examined -- Allegheny, Lancaster,
Lehigh, Perry, Philadelphia and York.

"We suspect potential fraud on anywhere from 15 to 20 percent of the
applications we have looked at," Mr. Wagner said.

The Department of the Auditor General has forwarded its findings to the Office
of Inspector General for further review.

In Philadelphia County, 429 applicants received more than $162,000 in benefits
using Social Security numbers associated with the deceased, and 549 applicants
received more than $182,000 by using questionable water and sewer bills, the
audit found.

In Allegheny County, after identifying "systemic weaknesses" in the
administration of Liheap, auditors requested documentation for 230 applicants to
check for potential fraud or abuse.

Those cases are under review.

Liheap provides grants to low-income households to help pay for home heating
fuel crisis payments to resolve emergencies; energy conservation; and
weatherization measures to address long-range solutions.

The federal program, administered through DPW's county assistance offices,
received 689,970 applications and disbursed about $157 million during the
2005-06 program year, with the commonwealth providing $19 million.

Mr. Wagner also made more than two dozen suggestions to the Department of Public
Welfare for improving the program, including modifying the program's information
system to verify the validity of an applicant's Social Security number;
developing procedures to flag applications submitted with similar addresses,
names and Social Security numbers, which could indicate an attempt to obtain
multiple grants for a single household; and giving employees new training to
help them detect potential fraud.

"We think this is as much a management issue as anything," said Mr. Wagner.
"It's systematic. It's not just in the six counties we looked at, it's
throughout Pennsylvania."

Matt Pitzarella, spokesman for Columbia Gas, said the way in which the program
is administered makes it ripe for abuse.

"The program date changes every year, the income eligibility is changed every
year ... all of those things are factors," he said.

Abuses of the program ultimately hurt those who use it legitimately, he said.
"You're not scamming the system as much as you're scamming other households that
are in need."

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Elwin Green can be reached at egreen@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1969.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              950 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Bayside Advertiser (Australia)

                              June 16, 2008 Monday
                                  1 - Edition

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 275  words


Saving money

BAYSIDE water savers are also money savers. A National Water Commission and
Water Services Association of Australia report for 2006-2007 revealed that South
East Water customers were paying the lowest water bills in the country. On
average, $185 was spent on water by each household each year. South East Water
managing director Shaun Cox said customers were to be congratulated on their
water conservation efforts.

Reserve revamp

COMMUNITY views on the revamp of Beaumaris Reserve are being sought. Bayside
Council is asking for submissions on a master plan for the reserve, which aims
to create a village green, links to the library, a sculpture garden and better
landscaping. Submissions close on July 5. Details: 9599 4444. or
www.bayside.vic.gov.au.

What to expect

BAYSIDE residents thinking of standing at this year's council elections can now
log on to the web for more information. The Municipal Association of Victoria
has launched the website www.standforcouncil.com.au to advise would-be
councillors of what to except from the role. At this year's poll in November,
the council will be shrunk from nine wards to three, and will be represented by
seven councillors instead of nine.

Heritage grants

GOLDSTEIN Federal Liberal MP Andrew Robb has encouraged Bayside groups to apply
for community heritage grants. Projects that help preserve nationally
significant collections or help provide collection management training are
eligible to receive grants of $15,000. ``These grants could help to preserve
that heritage for future Bayside generations,'' he said. Applications close on
June 30. For details, phone Mr Robb's office on 9557 4644.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: SBV


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                              June 01, 2007 Friday
                                   e1 Edition

Building a future for the city's poor;
Without reliable infrastructure there can be no investment, the key to job
creation, says Cape Town mayor Helen Zille

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1870 words


The prime objective behind this budget is infrastructure-led economic growth.
Our job as local government is to ensure better roads, reliable electricity,
adequate water and sanitation and a clean, safe public environment. By so doing,
we offer the real opportunities our people need to improve their quality of
life, and we encourage investment in our city. This, in turn, is the key to job
creation, the single most important opportunity people need to escape poverty.

The importance of the approach we are adopting is clear when one looks at the
fate of cities that have neglected infrastructure development. Nairobi in Kenya,
for example, has grown like Cape Town from being a modest town of about 500 000
to a sprawling city of over three million in the past 15 years.

Failure to plan and invest in infrastructure needed for this growth has resulted
in a scarce and erratic water and electricity supply - the greatest barrier to
growth and job creation. Failure to maintain roads and transport systems in many
developing countries has created huge delays in travel times, and hindered trade
by retarding the movement of goods.

Local government's prime job is to make sure basic services work, because
everything else depends on it, especially the lives of poor people.

For this reason alone, this is a pro-poor budget.

At present we cannot keep pace with growth.

Ironically, despite the inadequate infrastructure budgets of the past, this
municipality has been unable to spend its full capital budget for years.

Why? Because a previous administration, losing sight of its mandate, decided to
strip this city of skills in pursuit of something called transformation. We
agree with the principle of transformation, the purpose of which must be to
ensure services to all to create growth and opportunities. When that goal is
displaced, and replaced by racial headcounting, real, broad-based empowerment
will never happen.

The only way we can move forward is by appointing enough staff with the right
skills to do the work required.

This will demand a substantial investment in human resources, and in our overall
operating budget.

While the operating budget in the current financial year is R13.9 billiion, the
budget we will vote on today proposes an operating budget of R17bn.

And while the capital budget in the current year is R2.5bn, we propose an
increase to R4bn in 2007/ 2008.

The total budget for the 2007/8 financial year that we are putting to the vote
has therefore increased from R16.5bn in the current financial year to R21bn.

Much of these additional funds will come from national government in the form of
direct transfers, such as funding for the 2010 stadium. But to raise the budget
will also require a collective contribution from all residents of Cape Town who
can afford it.

The draft budget's proposed increase in rates and tariffs for the total
municipal account will therefore remain at an average of 15%.

Households that experience a greater than 15% increase in their monthly
municipal bill will do so for two primary reasons. One is if their property
value has gone up by more than the average increase across Cape Town. The other
is if they use an excessive amount of water.

When the city carried out its dummy billing run, it was found that a number of
lower income households would see large increases in their bills due to high
water consumption.

The city will be embarking on a major information campaign to assist people with
saving water.

We will also be sending out teams to help low-income households with a high
consumption to detect leaks and reduce their water bills.

People can save money by saving water, and if they use less than 6kl per month,
they will pay nothing.

And poor families who qualify for our additional subsidy can actually use 10kl
free.

As a city, we need to save water. We already lose 17% of all our water to leaks,
which costs ratepayers about R360 million per annum.

To further reduce municipal bills for the poor, this multi-party government has
also proposed adjustments to the original draft budget that will bolster our
indigency policy.

We have extended rates rebates for senior citizens and disabled persons to
households with an income of up to R5 000, from R3000 this year.

The solid waste indigent subsidy towards monthly refuse removal charge has also
been extended to properties valued up to R300 000, from R125 000 in the current
year.

In addition, we propose a range of rebates for homeless people's shelters to
assist us in improving opportunities for the destitute.

We propose that shelters receive a rebate of 50% on their refuse collection
charges for the first 15 container bins that they use. We also propose that
0.75kl of water be provided free per person in the shelter per month.

We have included two more steps in our proposed sanitation tariffs, which will
reduce costs for households that save water.

Here I must stress that the ANC has been dishonest to claim that the overall
increase for sanitation is 125%. We have simply combined two separate charges
into one to comply with the new national Property Rates Act - a law passed by
the ANC.

In the past there was a property rate-based charge for sanitation and a tariff
for sanitation based on water consumption. Now there is only one tariff based on
water consumption, which reflects an average increase of around 19%.

The impact of this for low income households will be lessened by the indigent
grant for water and sanitation. This grant will now also be given to residential
properties valued at R199 000 or below, and has increased from R20 to R30 per
month. This is over and above the 6kl of water that the city already provides
free of charge.

The only proposed tariff increase that remains the same as that put forward in
the draft budget is electricity, which will increase by an inflation-related
5.6%. This is because electricity constitutes the highest expenditure item in
the budgets of most poor households.

In total, the city will be spen- ding R437 million on free basic services for
the poor.

With these new measures introduced, the city has estimated that 16% of
households across Cape Town will have an actual reduction in their total
municipal account.

The majority of those which will benefit are poor people.

The greatest proportion of households in Cape Town, 66% will have increases of
below or equal to 15%; 27% will have increases of between 15% and 30%; and 5%
will have increases of between 30% and 40%. And 2% of households will have
increases of above 40%.

We have done all we can to ensure that we don't leave large numbers of people
unable to pay their bills. However, I am also aware that there are going to be
some cases where people will face great difficulties as the result of the
valuations process.

Some areas, such as the Bo-Kaap, have experienced huge increases in house
prices, and will therefore face major rates hikes.

The city will be working with the communities and ward councillors in those
areas to communicate with residents and we will do what is appropriate to
assist.

Let me reiterate, the valuations process is out of our hands. We have to charge
property rates according to property values for all households in the city. The
Municipal Property Rates Act requires it.

But we have made full use of rebates to lessen the impact of the new rates on
the poor.

It involves a lot of cross-subsidisation from the middle and high income earners
in the city to cover free services and to implement better infrastructure for
everyone.

As we move into a new period of intensive investment, we must acknowledge the
contribution that the ratepayers of Cape Town are making to the future of the
city.

Investing for the future and for opportunities for all our children is the
responsible thing to do.

In this regard, it is unacceptable and irresponsible in the extreme that the ANC
has tried, vigorously, to encourage a culture of non-payment for services in
Cape Town.

Premier Rasool, in particular, should know better.

A law passed by the ANC in Parliament, the Municipal Systems Act, compels us to
restrict services to recover debt. If the ANC in the Western Cape disagrees with
this law, then I advise them to take the matter up with their political
principals at national level.

We are not going to go the same way as ANC-controlled municipalities around the
country, which have a collective debt of R40bn. If they think that is pro-poor,
they are making a grave mistake.

Even where we do restrict services to households, we do not cut water entirely,
and we only restrict services to consumers who can pay but won't, or won't even
take responsibility to register as indigent.

People who are unable to pay can avoid having services restricted by going to
municipal offices to register on our indigency database.

I also want to make it clear to the ANC that the pink final demand letters for
services do not evict anyone. We have not evicted anyone for failure to pay
rates and services. But we do intend to evict drug dealers from council
property.

It is immoral and profoundly dishonest for the ANC to use propaganda about
"hundreds of thousands" of "eviction" letters going out to the poor to mobilise
a political rally outside the civic centre.

I hope that we can put this campaigning behind us and focus on the task ahead,
for the sake of all.

I have previously given a detailed description of the capital projects that this
city intends to target with this budget. One of our top priorities is to ensure
we have the capacity to deliver these projects.

Much of the additional funds that we will bring in will be used to enhance the
efficiency of this organisation, and help it to spend its entire capital budget.

We have already filled 1 800 posts, and have received nearly 2 000 qualifying
applications for the 200 positions advertised two weeks ago.

The new staff we appoint will be coming into an organisation that has been
strengthened in terms of organisational structure and efficiency. We now have a
proper organogram, and 97% of placement letters have been sent out to staff.

Of 300 managers that were displaced in the organisation when we came to office,
only four remain without proper positions.

We have completed phase one of pay parity, which has placed all staff on the
correct pay level. Phase two will begin in July.

Our allocation for staff for the coming financial year has been increased by
R570m to R3.9bn to cater for pay parity and also for the filling of critical
posts.

The budget also seeks to empower wards and subcouncils to play a greater role in
delivery, boosting projects at community level. We are proposing an increase in
the capital budget allocation to each ward from R200 000 to R300 000, while the
operating budget for each ward remains at R200 000.

This budget enables us to build capacity rapidly where it is most critically
needed, and we will continue to fill gaps wherever necessary. In this regard,
the top management of this city will be asked to embark on a resources, skills
and staffing strategy to identify what needs to be done in each directorate to
take the city from where it is now to an ideal position in three to five years
time.

l This is an edited version of the speech by Mayor Helen Zille at the City of
Cape Town budget vote this week.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          February 21, 2007 Wednesday
                                   e1 Edition

Signs of hope for our children in today's Budget

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 806 words


By Katharine Hall and Lucy Jamieson

We are nearly at the end of the two-week suspense period between President Thabo
Mbeki's State of the Nation address at the opening of parliament and the Budget
speech which is to be delivered by Finance Minister Trevor Manuel today. Hints
of a more comprehensive social security package that includes older children
have kept us guessing, and hoping.

It was welcome news when the president announced that "we have also started
examining measures to reach vulnerable children over the age of 14 years". What
could this mean for children between the ages of 14 and 17? One of the simplest
and most effective measures would be to extend the Child Support Grant to
children under 18 years.

Although all children have the same constitutional entitlement to social
assistance, the programme excludes about a quarter of the child population
(about four million children) who are over the age of 14. Initially targeted
only at children under the age of six in 1998, the age threshold was increased
in phases - to nine years, then 11, and finally to children under 14 years from
April 2005. At this point the planned extension in the roll-out of the grant was
completed. The constitution permits the "progressive realisation" of
socio-economic rights that can't all be delivered at once. But at present, we
have unfinished business.

There are many reasons why it would make sense for grant access to be extended.

Older children are no less poor than younger children. An analysis of the
General Household Survey (2005) shows that across the age spectrum, about
two-thirds of children live in income poverty and could be eligible for social
grants if they were not excluded on the basis of their age.

Grant beneficiaries are automatically exempt from paying school fees. Children
need to complete their education to graduate out of poverty. At present, the
grants system cuts off support for children as they enter high school, and it is
at this stage that school drop-out rates increase dramatically.

Social grants are not kept in separate piggy banks, but become part of household
budgets. Many households survive almost entirely on social grants, which enable
people to buy food and clothing, and gain access to other government services
such as education, health care and municipal services - all necessary for the
survival and development of children. Excluding older children means that more
household members depend on fewer grants, and this dilutes the effect of the
R190-per-month grant for their younger siblings.

The social grants system has been by far the most extensive and successful
poverty-alleviation mechanism so far. Not only have social grants reached the
majority of the eligible target population, they have been associated with
better nutrition, better health and better educational outcomes among children.
Rather than depriving older children of these benefits, it makes sense to scale
up the thing that works, while at the same time trying to address the underlying
causes of poverty.

Persistently high unemployment rates mean that a large part of the population
will continue to rely on social assistance until enough jobs are created or
there is a more comprehensive system of social security for the millions of
unemployed adults. The State of the Nation address has already suggested that
there will be measures to extend contributory unemployment insurance to the
poor, to provide a wage subsidy for first-time employees and to intensify youth
development programmes.

Mbeki describes the proposed measures to reach vulnerable teenagers as
"additional" to all this.

The State of the Nation address indicates that an integrated approach to poverty
alleviation will be intensified, using a database of "poor" households that will
be monitored and supported in a number of ways, including the provision of free
or subsidised municipal services (electricity, water and sanitation) as well as
systematic links to work opportunities. The centralised database for grant
beneficiaries, Socpen, is likely to become a key source of information for
identifying poor households.

The social security net should be widened to include older children, so that
they and the households in which they live have the opportunity of being
included in the database - and receiving the multiple associated benefits which
could, in Mbeki's words, enable people to "graduate out of dependence on social
grants".

We will listen to today's Budget speech from the perspective of children - a
special group of rights bearers who have needs now. This is the time for a
commitment and plan to fulfil the right to social assistance. The Budget can
achieve this by providing for the extension of the child support grant to all
children under 18.

l Hall and Jamieson are based at the Children's Institute, University of Cape
Town

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Kerrville Daily Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 13, 2008 Tuesday

BRIEF: $500,000 goes to water project

BYLINE: Kerrville Daily Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 254 words


May 13--The state gave Kerr County $500,000 Monday toward its public sewage
system project in Center Point.

The Office of Rural Community Affairs awarded a grant to the county from the
agency's Texas Community Development Block Grant program to use in Phase 4 of
the project.

The more than $12.5 million project, spearheaded by Pct. 2 Commissioner William
"Bill" Williams, will provide first-time public sewer service to 40 households
east of Kerrville.

This project will benefit about 80 people, 90 percent of which are low- to
moderate-income.

The system will replace on-site septic systems on all residential and commercial
properties in Center Point. Commissioners have said they hope other residents to
the east will be able to hook on to the system.

Williams said septic systems in those areas are old and out of compliance and
potentially contaminate nearby water sources.

According to Williams, the project will be paid for through state and federal
money. The county will oversee construction, and the Upper Guadalupe River
Authority will be the operating agency of the wastewater collection system.

To see more of the Kerrville Daily Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailytimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Kerrville Daily Times, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080513-KF-BRF-500,000-goes-to-water-project-0513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KF


                                 Copyright 2008


                              954 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            April 8, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Hot idea for saving money; Solar thermal collection system trims electricity use

BYLINE: Pedro Arrais, Times Colonist

SECTION: AT HOME; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 813  words


The federal government's new budget offers homeowners a tax break of as much as
$1,350, if they spend up to $10,000 on renovations.

Over the next two months, Times Colonist writer Pedro Arrais looks at some of
the projects you could tackle for $10,000.

Watch for the next instalments in the Wednesday At Home section.

Visit timescolonist.com/athome for past instalments on our website.

- - -

Homeowners who wish to become less reliant on fossil fuels by looking to the
skies for free energy have even more reasons to welcome the sun every morning.

Along with the home renovation tax credit, homeowners who choose to install a
solar hot water system are also eligible for a further $2,375 in grants,
discounts and rebates toward upgrades from various levels of government.

A new solar hot water system will save up to half of the water heating bill and
the equipment used is exempt from provincial sales tax.

It might cost from $6,000 to $8,000 for a typical installed solar hot water
system. But with all the discounts and grants and tax credits, the net cost to
consumers is only about half the list price of the system.

A number of agencies contribute incentives to switch. The $1,250 EcoEnergy
rebate is a pilot project funded by Natural Resources Canada. Solar B.C. is a
program of B.C. Sustainable Energy Association, a non-profit group partially
sponsored by the provincial government, that contributes a further $1,000.
LiveSmart B.C., an energy efficiency incentive provided by the province, kicks
in $125.

"A solar hot water system gives the greatest financial return to homeowners,"
says James Smyth of Pacific Solar Smart Homes of Victoria. "Solar heat can save
consumers up to 50 per cent on the cost of warming household water. Depending on
the number of occupants in the house, payback can be as soon as two years."

A typical solar thermal collection system consists of a bank of solar collectors
placed on a south-facing roof. Collectors can be glazed flat plates or vacuum
tubes with collector tubes inside. Propylene glycol fluid heats up from the
sun's visible and invisible ultraviolet rays. The heated fluid is piped via
tubes to coils inside a water-storage collection tank. Heated water from the
solar water tank is then fed into the home's regular hot water tank. Because the
regular hot water tank is supplied with warmed instead of cold water from the
water mains, it requires less energy to heat it up for household needs.

Residential solar thermal heating systems typically include an auxiliary energy
source in Canada. A conventional hot water tank heated by either natural gas,
oil or electricity usually serves as a backup source of hot water in the winter
when the collector is less effective. Although the solar collector can extract
energy even on cloudy and cold days, the shorter daylight hours reduce the time
available for the panels to do their work.

A typical solar system has a 10-year warranty and an expected life of 30 to 40
years. It is virtually maintenance-free and there is not much to fail. The only
moving part is a pump to circulate the heated fluid from the roof to the storage
tank. A replacement pump costs between $80 and $200.

"I had an itemized energy audit done on my house and solar heating was part of
the recommendations," says Patrick Chenier of Saanich. "The incentives and
rebates came at a good time. I get to reduce my carbon footprint and I realize
the benefit in my pocket book."

Solar thermal systems, which harvest heat from the sun, should not be confused
with solar electrical generating systems. A solar electric system -- commonly
called photovoltaic -- converts sunlight into electricity and can reduce or even
eliminate the monthly utility bill. Such systems make sense when the house is
off the grid and far from hydro lines.

But systems that turn thermal energy into electrical energy are much more
expensive -- up to 30 per cent more -- because the systems are more complex and
require the use of inverters and storage batteries.

Some countries encourage reverse or net metering, where a homeowner will sell
surplus generated energy to the local utility at favourable rates. But that
scenario is unlikely in British Columbia.

"It will never work in here because B.C. Hydro pays so little for the energy,"
Smyth says.

"A homeowner looking to sell their energy will not likely see a payback on their
original investment."

Having a solar system might make a house more attractive to potential buyers,
but don't expect it to increase the list price, say real estate professionals.

"While a solar heating system may make a house more salable because of the
attractiveness of lower heating bills, it doesn't necessarily add value," says
Robert Young of Brown Brothers, who has been selling real estate in Victoria for
25 years. "It's not exactly high on the list of items a prospective buyer is
looking for."

parrais@tc.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: The $1,350 Solution

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Bruce Stotesbury, Times Colonist; The heat exchange ventilator
warms water before it reaches the hot-water tank. ;
Colour Photo: Bruce Stotesbury, Times Colonist; James Smyth, left, and Nathan
Docksteader from Pacific Solar Smart Homes install a panel to heat water in a
Victoria home. ;
Colour Photo: Bruce Stotesbury, Times Colonist; Recovery unit recycles heat
from, for instance, bathwater, which would otherwise have gone down the drain. ;

Colour Photo: Bruce Stotesbury, Times Colonist; New hot water tank is filled
from a supply that has already been warmed by passing through a heat exchange,
picking up thermal energy from the sun. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Series

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              955 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            July 27, 2011 Wednesday

Angola: Local Development Project

LENGTH: 467  words


Project ID: P105101
Project Status: Active
Approval Date 18-MAR-2010
Closing Date 31-JUL-2015
Region Africa
Major Sector (Sector) (%) Public Administration, Law, and Justice (Sub-national
government administration) (40%)


Education (General education sector) (25%)
Water, sanitation and flood protection (General water, sanitation and flood
protection sector) (15%)
Health and other social services (Health) (10%)
Health and other social services (Other social services) (10%)
Themes (%) Decentralization (7%)
Rural services and infrastructure (50%)
Participation and civic engagement (7%)
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise support (7%)
Municipal governance and institution building (29%)
The objectives of the Local Development Project (LDP) are: (a) to improve access
o f poor households to basic services and economic opportunities; and (b) to
enhance local institutional capacities among Angola%s municipalities. There are
three components to the project. The first component of the project is local
social and economic infrastructure. This component aims at increasing access for
poor households to improved social and economic infrastructures by financing the
rehabilitation and construction of basic public works and the acquisition of
essential goods in response to local development plans and through municipal
grants. To ensure proper operation and functioning of the infrastructures, the
LDP will introduce operation and maintenance user committees. The second
component of the project is local economic development. This component aims at
improving business development skills and participation in markets of selected
producer groups by providing a combination of: (i) technical assistance to
selected municipalities to prepare their municipal economic development
strategy; (ii) technical assistance to %participating provinces to conduct
sector and value chain studies; (iii) technical assistance and training for FAS
(Fundo de Apoio Social - Social Action Fund) to prepare and implement the
matching grants manual; (iv) matching grants to selected producer groups and
business development service providers; (v) technical assistance and training to
producer groups and business development service providers on business skills,
managements, and marketing; and (vi) organization of workshops on microfinance.
The third component of the project is local institutional strengthening. This
component aims at strengthening the capacities of public entities and civil
society to be inducted in the participatory planning, management, and monitoring
of basic public service delivery and expenditure management. Activities will
combine on-the-job technical assistance (TA), training, peer-to-peer learning,
field visits, and other knowledge expansion events alike.

country :Angola
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Washington: Klobuchar, Franken, Peterson Announce More Than $1.5 Million to
Improve Water Systems in Oslo

LENGTH: 292  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Collin Peterson has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken, along with Representative Collin
Peterson, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
approved a loan of $1,137,000 and a grant of $436,000 to improve the water
system in Oslo. The funds will be used to help improve sanitary sewer collection
and the water distribution system.





 "Investments in infrastructure, like upgrades to our water systems, are vital
to the economic development and well-being of our state," Klobuchar said. "This
project will help keep Oslo's water system up-to-date and boost the region's
access to clean, safe water."



 "Water treatment systems keep our families healthy and are critical to any
successful community-- I've heard that time and time again during the 'Rural
Infrastructure Listening Tour' meetings that my staff and I have been holding
all around the state," Franken said. "This support will help Oslo upgrade its
clean water system, which is good news for the entire community, and it will be
a boon to the local economy. This type of project is exactly what we need to be
doing more of."



 "These funds will enable Oslo to make important improvements to the city's
infrastructure," Peterson said. "Clean, safe water is a vital resource for our
rural communities."



 The USDA Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program
provides funding for clean and reliable drinking water systems, sanitary sewage
disposal, sanitary solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households
and businesses in eligible rural areas.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              957 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 6, 2013 Friday

Warner, Kaine Announce $1 Million Grant To Improve Water Quality In Wise County

LENGTH: 229  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator  Mark R. Warner, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senators Mark Warner and Tim Kaine announced today that Virginia has
received a $1 million grant from the Department of Agriculture to improve water
quality in Wise County. The $1 million grant, combined with a $276,000 loan,
will help fund a public sewer system in the communities of Osaka and Roda, which
have faced public health issues and environmental concerns due to direct sewage
discharge into streams. The project will serve 73 households in Wise County.

"Expanding access to clean, reliable public water supplies has been a priority
of mine since I served as Governor, when we extended access to more than 70,000
Virginians while also making record investments in Virginia's Water Quality
Improvement Fund," Sen. Warner said. "This is a welcome and significant step to
promote public health and support improved water quality in Wise County."

"It's critical for public health and quality of life that every Virginia
community can depend on reliable water and wastewater infrastructure," said
Kaine. "I am pleased with this major new investment in Southwest Virginia, and I
am committed to supporting these essential infrastructure needs even in tight
budgetary times, particularly in rural communities."

For further information please visit: http://www.warner.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             June 17, 2014 Tuesday

Power cut: How to reduce your energy costs;
Doing some work on your home now will significantly lower those ever-spiralling
utility bills next winter

BYLINE: Fiona Reddan

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 2191 words


Yes it's summer, and saving money on energy costs may not be to the fore of your
mind.

However, a little preparation now to increase your home's energy rating may help
keep those ever-spiralling costs down when winter comes around again.

And, with the first domestic water bills set to issue from next January, and an
average charge of about EUR 240 expected per household, it might be time to
change your water habits to prepare for the switch.

Attic insulation It's likely that most houses now have some form of attic
insulation, given it's one of the easiest ways to let heat escape from your
house. But is it enough?

Typically, it was recommended that you insulate your attic with 150mm of product
such as sheep's wool or polystyrene. Now, however, if the depth of your attic
insulation is less than 200mm, experts recommend you bring it up to 300mm.

The Sustainable Energy Authority of Ireland (SEAI) estimates a 540sq ft attic
will cost you about EUR 400 to insulate, but could save about EUR 130 a year in
heating costs, so it will pay for itself in about three years.

The ESB suggests the typical cost of attic insulation for a three- or four- bed
semi-detached house is about EUR 460.

And if you have a flat roof, insulating a 540sq ft roof will cost you about EUR
1,000.

If you're happy doing a bit of DIY yourself, you'll find plenty of videos on
YouTube giving you advice on how to do it. Just remember to shop around for your
insulating material, as prices do vary.

There is a potential SEAI grant of up to EUR 200 for attic insulation.

Wall insulation

If you wish to insulate your walls, the method you choose will likely depend on
how your house is constructed - and the size of your budget.

Cavity wall insulation is the most cost-effective - you can expect to pay about
EUR 800 for a three- or four-bed semi-detached house - but is only suitable if
you have cavity walls, which usually consists of two leafs of bricks or blocks
with a space between them. Insulation is then pumped into the cavity through
holes drilled in the surface.

If you're not sure as to whether or not you have them, you can ask an insulation
provider to check. A grant of EUR 250 is available for this type of insulation.

If cavity insulation isn't an option for you, you could consider dry-lining,
whereby warm boards of insulation are attached to your wall and then plastered
over. Building regulations recommend panels of about 75mm thick.

However, the SEAI suggests that if you have walls which currently have no
insulation, then even the thinnest insulated panel, which would be 37.5mm thick,
would result in the order of a 70 per cent reduction in heat loss through the
walls.

Dry-lining a standard house will cost in the region of EUR 7,000, with a grant
available for EUR 1,350. However, you will only qualify for this if you get all
the external walls in the house done - getting walls insulated on the
north-facing side of your house won't suffice.

Finally, external insulation involves attaching insulating material to the
outside of your house, and finishing with a weather-tight render.

While it effectively gives your a house a makeover, it is the most expensive
option, at about EUR 12,000-EUR 14,000 for a standard house, and more for a
larger property, but there is a grant available of EUR 2,700. You will, however,
have to finance the work up-front before you can apply for the grant, so it is a
sizeable chunk of money to be parting with.  Heating It's estimated that about
60 per cent of your total energy usage comes from your heating - so while it
makes sense to reduce the need for heating by improving your insulation, you
should also improve the efficiency of your heating system.

According to Jim Curran, energy adviser with Electric Ireland, natural gas is
"by far cheaper" than oil when it comes to heating your home, and it is also
cheaper than electricity for heating water.

However as Curran notes, most homes in Ireland have just one heating zone, which
means the radiators come on with heating water, as it's all on one circuit. To
avoid this, and bring down your costs, he recommends you put in two zones, so
you can heat water separately from the heating.

This basic level of zoning will also ensure you will have a programmable
temperature control through your thermostat. But Curran is quick to point out
that reducing the temperature on your thermostat may not bring down your heating
costs - a common belief.

"You cannot figure out what a degree on your thermostat is, they are typically
very rough objects. So I don't give that tip to people."

A thermostat will cost less than EUR 200 to install, while zoning your house
will typically cost about EUR 2,000 says Curran, with a grant available from the
SEAI of EUR 560 for this work. The work can involve pulling up carpets and
laying new pipes, but a new level of smart control is coming in soon to the
Irish market, which will be installed wirelessly. This will allow you to treat
each room  separately, which means that you could turn on the heating in your
bedroom from the comfort of your couch using your phone. Curran estimates this
will also cost about EUR 2,000.

If your boiler is old, it may pay to switch to a more efficient non-condensing
model. Curran recommends you do your research on this first, as not all boilers
are equal.

Wise up on electricity The good news is that contrary to popular perceptions,
leaving your phone charger on all day and all night won't drive up your bill.
The bad news is that other household appliances might.

According to Curran, a surprising thief of energy is your Sky or UPC box. While
your TV is now likely to be energy efficient, your box can guzzle about 22 watts
"just doing nothing". So turn it off.

He also recommends switching to LED lights, which are more efficient than CFLs,
particularly if you have halogen downlighters. "You could save EUR 9 a year on
each one, and they last 15-20 times longer."

Another way to save energy is to group together all the appliances that come
with your computer, such as scanner, speakers, printer etc, and turn these off
each evening.

Some of the biggest energy saving advances in recent years have come in fridges
and freezers. Curran recommends that if you have a freezer that's 15-20 years
old, it's time to get rid of it.

If you're a night-owl, or have an appliance with a delayed timer, it might also
pay to switch to nightsaver electricity and run your dishwasher or washing
machine while you sleep. A unit of electricity currently costs about 19 cent
with the ESB - switch to nightsaver and it drops to 10 cent, although an annual
standing charge of about EUR 50-60 also applies. In summer, nightsaver hours are
midnight-9am, switching to 11pm-8am in the winter.

Your energy spend If you're interested in learning about what appliances are
costing you money, you could invest in a device such as the Owl home energy
monitor. Costing from EUR 40, it will give you a reading of how much energy
you're using in your house.

"A simple way of examining that is when you're looking at your feed, it will
give you a reading how much you're paying per hour. If your TV is on standby at
that point in time, turn it off completely and see how the monitor adjusts,"
suggests Colm Griffin of purchase.ie, which sells energy savings products.

To keep track of your heating costs, you could opt for a Climote product, which
is sold by Electric Ireland for EUR 299 installed, or a Nest device, which may
enter the Irish market shortly.

These devices give you remote access to your heating, and allow you to turn it
on/off or reduce the temperature. In a survey of about 70 homes, Electric
Ireland found that of those who used it, they had their heating on for 20 per
cent less of the time.

Water charges While it's not yet exactly clear how much we will pay for our
water charges, the Government has made some disclosures.

Each household will receive a free allowance of 30,000 litres of water a year,
which is well shy of the 140,000 litres or so of water it's estimated a
household of 2.7 people uses a year. But, if you have children under 18 you will
also get an allowance of up to 38,000 litres per child per year.

So, a family of four will get an allowance of 106,000 litres, or about 50 per
cent of their estimated annual usage of 140,000 litres. The rest is going to
cost you, at an estimated cost of about EUR 240 for a family of four, or EUR 125
for a single person living by themselves.

So from next year, five minutes in the shower is going to cost you. A regular
shower is said to use about 35 litres of water in five minutes - using a power
shower, on the other hand, will use more than 125 litres in the same time. But
you can take some steps to reduce your usage, while still staying clean.

Griffin estimates that every 1,000 litres of water we use will likely cost us
EUR 2.20. So a shower using 125 litres could set you back about 28 cent.

One option to reduce your usage is to buy a water-saving shower head (you can
expect to pay about EUR 20 for one) which promises to reduce the amount of water
that flows from your shower to just eight litres per minute.

"They're very popular because they reduce the amount of water you use without
affecting the pressure so it's the same experience," says Griffin.

Another option is to get a restricter for your tap, for about EUR 6. This will
reduce the water flow to about 4.5 litres per minute without affecting the water
pressure, or you can opt for a stronger flow for your kitchen, at about 7.2
litres a minute.

It is estimated that about a third of all the water used in the house is flushed
down the toilet. The impact of this can be reduced, however, by using a
displacement device.

"What I'd say is that if it's a modern toilet, and it's dual flush, I'd
recommend not using anything in them. If it's an older cistern ie 2004 or
before, you could use a toilet tank bank," advises Griffin.

Placing this in your cistern will save you about 23 per cent of the water
typically needed to flush a toilet, and will set you back about EUR 5.

Water-charge friendly gardens If the sun comes out, this summer may be the last
time that children get to enjoy getting hosed down in their garden in their
swimsuits with a hosepipe. Given that you can use as much as

1,000 litres of water in an hour with such a hose, it's likely that parents will
cull this past-time.

It also makes sense to protect external sources of water - it used to be oil
that was at risk of being stolen from your garden but soon it could be water. If
you want to protect an outside tap, consider getting a lock for it, which will
cost you between EUR 20 and EUR 30.

While sprinkler systems are rarely needed to keep lawns green in Ireland, it
makes sense to harvest as much free rainwater as you can to keep your garden
hydrated for those times when the sun actually comes out.

As a result, water butts are starting to pop up in homes across the country, and
any catalogue from your local DIY store or low-cost supermarket now seems to
feature them.

They work by collecting water from your roof by connecting to a downpipe, and
the water can then be used to water your garden or car, or any other activity
which doesn't require drinking water.

You can buy a butt for upwards of about EUR 40. Things to watch out for are how
much water it can store, and whether or not it comes with a downpipe kit. You
can also get a solar powered pump to get the water out of the butt.

Once you have this in place as your source of water, the advice then is to use a
watering can or bucket, rather than a sprinkler or hose, as this uses less
water.

Remember, if you have small children running about, make sure that the butt is
safely secured.

Reduce your costs Getting a grant

GRANTS AVAILABLE Attic insulation: EUR 200 Cavity wall insulation: EUR 250
Internal dry-lining: EUR 900-EUR 1,800 External wall insulation: EUR 1,800-EUR
3,600 Heating controls with boiler upgrade: EUR 560 Heating controls only: EUR
400 Solar heating: EUR 800 BER certificate: EUR 50

(Source: Better Energy Homes)  HOW TO QUALIFY Before you embark on a project in
the knowledge that you will get a grant to help defray the costs, you should
brush up first on how to qualify for one, as some caveats do apply.

Firstly, the minimum amount you can claim at first from the SEAI is EUR 400  -
this means that work such as attic and cavity wall insulation, if carried out
individually, won't qualify for the grant.

Secondly, each grant application requires a BER cert, which must be done once
the work has been completed. While you may be entitled to a grant of EUR 50 to
help reduce the cost of getting a cert, (which typically ranges from  EUR
100-EUR 200), you will have to pay the full amount if you apply for grants on
separate occasions.

Finally, to qualify, the work must be done by a contractor from the SEAI's
registered list, and according to the SEAI, it will take between three and four
weeks for your grant cheque to be processed.

Remember also, that if you do carry out works in your home to improve its energy
efficiency, you might be entitled to a tax credit on any VAT you pay at a rate
of 13.5 per cent under the Revenue's Home Renovation Incentive Scheme.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Our 863 governments include herd law districts

BYLINE: By, Harold Morgan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 698 words


Little news came from the 2015 median household income figures released recently
by the Census Bureau. The difference between median household income in Colorado
and New Mexico remains large and appalling: $59,448 versus $44,968.

New Mexico's summary page is found at
http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/community_facts.xhtml#.

The number of governments leapt from the printed summary pages for New Mexico,
Arizona and Colorado. New Mexico has 863 governments, which seems like a bunch
for our 2015 population of 2.1 million. Arizona clearly is doing something right
with a mere 674 governments (which still seem a lot) for 6.8 million people, or
3.3 times the New Mexico's population. Arizona manages with just 15 counties,
compared to our 33.

Colorado, by far the prosperity champ of the three states, reverses the
less-government mantra with 2,905 governments, including 64 counties for 5.46
million people. Colorado even manages to consolidate the city and county
governments for Denver and tiny Broomfield, a logic applied here only in the
case of the special circumstance of Los Alamos and rejected in Albuquerque.

The list of New Mexico's governments lies somewhere between illuminating and
astonishing. These entities live in the background, possibly being useful. See
http://www2.census.gov/govs/cog/2012isd.pdf.

Our 631 "special district governments" include herd law districts (yes, having
to do with herds), noxious weed control districts, parking authorities, regional
transit districts, solid waste authorities, the Eastern New Mexico Water Utility
Authority, community ditches and acequias. The other 232 governments include
municipalities (103), school districts (96) and community land grants. New
Mexico has abolished three governments: the Organic Commodity Commission in 2011
and, in 2007, urban development agencies and community development agencies.

Making government smaller appears possible.

Other three-state measures include: Population percent increase, 2010 - 2015:
New Mexico, 1.2 percent; Arizona, 6.8 percent; Colorado, 8.5 percent. Proportion
of 2015 population that is Hispanic: New Mexico, 47 percent; Arizona, 31
percent; Colorado, 22 percent. Median age: New Mexico, 36.8; Arizona, 36.5;
Colorado, 36.2.

Number of companies (from the 2012 Economic Census): New Mexico, 151,363;
Arizona, 499,926; Colorado, 547,352.

New Mexico and Arizona companies generate similar statistics, with Colorado
again the outlier toward prosperity. New Mexico and Arizona count one company
for about every 14 people. For Colorado it is one company for every ten people.
Putting it another way, significantly more economic activity appears directed
toward Coloradans, for whatever reason. About 22 percent of New Mexico and
Colorado companies have paid employees as compared to 19 percent in Arizona.
Being big enough to pay for staff suggests a more dynamic enterprise.

Hispanic firms are 31 percent of New Mexico companies, well under the 47 percent
of the population that is Hispanic. Arizona and Colorado also show
proportionally fewer Hispanic businesses relative to people. The three states
all have one Hispanic business for about every 21 Hispanics. New Mexico Hispanic
firms show more vigor with 12 percent having paid employees, about a third more
than in Arizona or Colorado.

Another Arizona comparison got attention recently with publication of research
arguing that Arizona's post World War II growth over New Mexico was because of
private sector growth. That's probably true, but Arizona had other things
happening.

Under the old branch banking rules, Arizona had statewide branching with the big
banks headquartered near one another in Phoenix. New Mexico restricted branching
to the county.

The Arizona Biltmore was built in 1929.There are other resorts in Scottsdale and
Tucson. Frank Lloyd Wright built Taliesin West in 1937. The famous and wealthy
visited.

Golf and movies made in Tucson and Monument Valley provided windows on Arizona
for people in Los Angeles. Phoenix had significant companies, such as Phelps
Dodge, Circle K, and Best Western, making for a tightly knit private sector.

New Mexico? Well...

Contact Harold Morgan at http://www.nmopinions.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: cnm


                     Copyright 2016 Carlsbad Current-Argus
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            August 20, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

TDs demand rethink of (EURO)100 for water bill rebels

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 233 words


Niall O'Connor Political Correspondent COALITION figures believe a significant
overhaul of the (EURO)100 Water Conservation Grant will help quell a looming
revolt from backbenchers.

The grant has become a major bone of contention because of the decision to make
it available to all who register with the under-fire utility - whether they have
paid for water or not.

It has now emerged that Fine Gael is pushing to link the (EURO)100 Water
Conservation Grant to bill payment, in a move that has been described as yet
another Irish Water U-turn by the Opposition.

A senior Government source last night described the current system - whereby the
grant is paid in return for simply registering with Irish Water - as "the most
grave error" they had made to date.

But the prospect of withholding the grant from households who refuse to pay
their bills will help the Government contain a looming revolt from Fine Gael
backbenchers.

Junior Minister Paudie Coffey told the Irish Independent TDs are "getting it in
the neck" over the fact the grant is designed to be paid to all householders -
including those who insist they will boycott the charges.

Environment Minister Alan Kelly held lengthy talks with Irish Water this week as
senior figures discussed the ruling that Irish Water must be kept on the State's
balance sheet.

That decision by Eurostat stunned ministers, and put the company's future in
jeopardy.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

USPTO grants trade mark "WAKAWAKA" to Off-Grid Solutions B.V (NETHERLANDS)

LENGTH: 284  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


Off-Grid Solutions B.V (NETHERLANDS), has been granted trademark (4665310)
titled as "WAKAWAKA" from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 011. US 013 021 023 031 034. G & S: Apparatus for lighting, namely,
lighting installations, solar lights, namely, solar powered indoor and/or
outdoor all weather lights, solar powered handheld lights in the nature of
flashlights, LED lamps; Apparatus for heating, namely, electric radiant heaters;
Apparatus for steam generating, namely, steam generators; Apparatus for cooking,
namely, baking ovens, gas stoves; Apparatus for refrigerating, namely,
refrigerators; Apparatus for drying, namely, dryers for dehumidifying, clothes
dryers; Apparatus for ventilation, namely, heat recovery ventilators; Apparatus
for water supply and sanitary purposes, namely, faucets, sinks, pipes being
parts of sanitary facilities; Igniters, namely, oven gas igniters, fire
igniters; Waste disposal incinerators; Air conditioning apparatus; Apparatus for
treating waste water, namely, waste water purification units; Water intake
apparatus in the nature of water filtering units for domestic use; Apparatus for
filtering and purification of drinking water; Electric powered fireplace inserts
comprised of andirons, artificial logs and artificial embers; Electrical
boilers; Electric ranges for household purposes; Electric cooking ovens for
household purposes; Electric griddles, electric rice cookers; Ventilating fans
for household use; Electric lighting apparatus, namely, lighting installations,
lamps, and led lighting fixtures; Air cooling apparatus; Air purification units;
and Solar collectors for heating conversion, sun lamps

Filing

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              October 21, 2003 Tuesday Five Star Late Lift Edition

PENDLETON VOTERS WILL DECIDE WATER, SEWER BOND ISSUE;
FEDERAL, STATE GRANTS WILL HELP THE VILLAGE

BYLINE: Phil Sutin Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: ST. CHARLES COUNTY POST; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 408 words


Voters in Pendleton in Warren County will decide on Nov. 4 whether they will pay
their share of the cost of obtaining water and sewer service for the village.

They will consider approving a $500,000 revenue bond issue for the two services.
The proposal needs a simple majority to pass.

Richard Halloway, chairman of the village trustees, said the village would use
only $35,000 of the bonds to establish the two services.

The water and sewer project would cost $650,000. The village, with the help of
Steve Etcher of the Boonslick Regional Planning Commission, has lined up federal
and state grants to pay the remaining cost.

Officials would use the remainder of the bond issue to expand the two services
as the village of about 80 people grows. Pendleton is on Highway B, about five
miles west of Warrenton. The village has 32 households that would use the new
services.

The project calls for Pendleton to obtain water service from Montgomery County
Public Water Supply District 1. The district would purify and deliver water. The
project would install pipes needed to bring water to houses.

The village would lay sewer pipe and construct a recirculating sand filter
system to purify the sewage. The effluent would go to a tributary of Dry Fork
Creek.

Residents would retire the bonds through water and sewer rates.

Halloway estimated that residents would pay up to $20 a month for water. He did
not have an estimate about the sewer rate.

Etcher said the authorities were likely to waive tap-in fees for home owners who
joined the water and sewer systems when they opened.

Currently, residents use wells to obtain water and septic systems to dispose of
sewage.

The houses on Pendleton are on small lots, Halloway said. They are too small to
meet modern septic system requirements, which calls for using them with houses
on lots of three acres or more, he said.

The community has worked about seven years to obtain water and sewer service,
Halloway said.

"To qualify for a government grant, we had to become a village," he said.
Officials persuaded residents to levy a property tax of 50 cents for each $100
assessed valuation to support the village.

Residents could not obtain water and sewer service without the government
grants, Halloway said.

"Paying $35,000 is a pretty good deal," he said.

The Nov. 4 election "is a final, critical step toward getting everything
finalized," Halloway said.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Phil Sutin:; E-mail: psutin@post-dispatch.com; Phone:
314-863-2812

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              963 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             April 7, 2011 Thursday

China: Jiangxi Integrated Agricultural Modernization Project

LENGTH: 622  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, April 07 -- In 2004, the World Bank launched a project to improve the
livelihoods of rural households in China's Jiangxi Province through agricultural
modernization. It supported the establishment of integrated, market -driven
agricultural production systems that are economically and environmentally
sustainable in order to increase productivity and generate agricultural output
of high quality and value. By the project's completion in 2010, some 267,000
households representing 1.3 million people in Jiangxi Province had benefited
from higher agricultural production and incomes.

Challenge

Agriculture, rural development and farmers are among the top concerns and
priorities of the Chinese Government. China is facing dual challenges to ensure
food security to its large and still growing population and to improve the
living standards of the rural population. In recent years, the growth in
agriculture and the rural sector slowed and the increase in farm incomes was
lagging behind that of non-agricultural incomes. Sustainable stable growth in
agriculture and ensuring food security are key areas of the Government's
development plans. With increasing income levels in the urban areas and more
sophisticated consumer demand, there is also a shift in the focus from the
quantity of food supply towards cost effectiveness, larger diversity and quality
of agricultural products.

Approach

Through the project in Jiangxi Province, the Bank introduced an integrated
approach to agricultural development and modernization. The approach comprised:

* The rehabilitation and extension of existing irrigation and drainage systems,
combined with the establishment of self-financed irrigation and drainage
development systems and water user's associations to ensure more efficient and
sustainable use of land and water resources for irrigated agriculture.

* Improvement in farm production systems to develop higher-value agricultural
production, including irrigated field crops, livestock, small-scale on-farm fish
production and upland crops.

* Development of a market system, through the provision of marketing advice,
promotion of farmers' marketing groups, support to agro-enterprises,
agricultural product markets and "marketing assistance grants" to support
strategic market studies, promotion of the adoption and use of quality
standards, and improvements to market information systems.

The activities were closely linked and carefully sequenced with the active
participation of the farmers during the preparatory and execution stages.

Results

Between 2004 and 2010, the project achieved remarkable results:

* About 1.3 million people in 267,000 rural households in 21 project counties in
Jiangxi Province benefited from better irrigation systems, increased
agricultural production, and higher incomes.

* The average per capita incomes of the famers in the project areas increased to
about US$517 a year from about US$340.

* 210 farm irrigation systems and 772 orchard irrigation systems were improved.

* 218 water user's associations were established, resulting in more sustainable
operation of irrigation systems and utilization of water resources.

* The irrigation reliability of irrigation systems was raised to 80% from 40% in
farm irrigation schemes.

* Paddy production in the project areas was increased by 480 kg/ha (close to
10%), and navel orange production by 5,715 kg/ha (about 60%).

* Four agro-markets, 16 small agro-processing enterprises, 126 leading
specialized households and one farmer marketing group were established.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             June 28, 2011 Tuesday

Two routes suggested for water works

BYLINE: Richard J. Hafey

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 388 words

DATELINE: PAXTON


PAXTON - A preliminary draft of changes needed for the town's aging water system
suggests two programs for overhauling it - $21.5 million for a complete
overhaul, or $1.4 million for "urgent or critical needs."

The overhaul "is not economically feasible using only water rate revenue," the
report says, but critical needs "may be economically feasible using only water
rate revenue."

"Even if (the complete overhaul were) implemented over a 50-year period," the
report continues, "the necessary annual cost increases of $380,000 per year
represent more than a 50 percent water rate increase each year, which obviously
is not economically feasible for the town's small customer base."

Paxton "faces many capital improvement (water system) needs that are not
economically feasible" without revenue sources outside the customer database, it
says.

The report was made by Tighe & Bond, consulting engineers and environmental
specialists from Westfield, and was financed by a $7,500 state grant. Selectmen
have received copies, but have not discussed it.

The need for overhauling the water system and its 23 miles of cast iron water
mains has been repeatedly pointed out by Water Board Chairman John F. Malone.

Mr. Malone, who is also on the Board of Selectmen, has said the decades-old
water pipes, which are constantly breaking, are seriously in need of
replacement.

Replacing those pipes and repairs represent the bulk of the $21.5 million
overhaul.

The report notes three sources of funding to meet those costs: property tax
rate, water rates and loan and grant programs.

However, it continues, Paxton does not use property tax revenue to fund the
Water Department; the department is an enterprise fund operation supported by
water rates.

"Paxton does not meet the criteria for grants because its median household
income (is) higher than the statewide average.

"It is clear that Paxton will need to find sources of grant funding," the draft
report says.

"The recommended approach is to prioritize those improvements that are urgent
and/or critical, and then plan for an implementation schedule that can be
supported by affordable water rate increases," according to the report. "All
others must be deferred until an alternative source of funding becomes
available."

A complete report of the study is expected soon for consideration by the town.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PAXTON - A preliminary draft of changes needed for the town's aging
water system suggests two programs for overhauling it - $21.5 million for a
complete overhaul, or $1.4 million for "urgent or critical needs." The overhaul
"is not economically feasible using only water rate revenue," the report says,
but critical needs "may be economically feasible using only water rate revenue."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Sunday Independent

                                October 25, 2015
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Ten worthwhile ways to spend your (EURO)100 water conservation grant

BYLINE: Louise McBride

SECTION: SUNDAY BUSINESS;FEATURES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 749 words


LAST Thursday was the final deadline to apply for the (EURO)100 water
conservation grant. Many of us have already received that grant - and who
doesn't love the smell of free money in the morning? If you haven't blown your
(EURO)100 on the weekly shopping yet - and would like to use it to buy something
which will help you save water, here are ten things worth considering.

Aerated shower-head: (EURO)60 to (EURO)70 These shower-heads save water because
they mix air into the water flow. "The shower feels the same and you can save
over 25pc of the water flow," says Jacob Tompkins, managing director of British
water conservationists, Waterwise.

"This will save well over (EURO)100 on annual water and energy bills."

However do your research before you buy such a showerhead - as some eco shower
heads don't save as much water as they claim to. The Mira eco shower head is
worth investing in, according to recent research by the British consumer bible
Which? magazine. Make sure the shower-head suits your shower though.

You can pick up the Mira shower-head for between (EURO)60 and (EURO)70,
depending on the store - and whether you go for plastic or chrome.

Shower timer: (EURO)10 Rather than buy a new shower-head, you could simply just
spend less time in the shower.

A shower timer sets the minutes and seconds you want to shower and after the set
time, the timer will beep as a sign to stop showering. The timer can be mounted
on your shower wall. A Powerplus shower timer costs about (EURO)10.

Water butt: (EURO)40 Butts allow you to catch large amounts of rainwater and to
use that rainwater to water your lawn or flowers.

A 100-litre water butt typically costs between (EURO)30 and (EURO)40. Some
retailers have occasional offers where you can get a 210-litre butt for about
(EURO)40.

Toilet cistern device: A few euro Flushed toilets account for about a third of
the water used by a typical household. So cutting back on the amount of water
you use in each flush makes sense. Toilet cistern devices - which essentially
reduce the amount of water used per flush - are worth considering.

"If you have a toilet with a handle you can probably fit one of these," said Mr
Tompkins. "Generally it's a bag with swell-gel - or that you can fill with
water. You put it in the cistern and it saves about one litre per flush.

"Alternatively you can use a 33cl fizzy drink bottle filled with water - but
please don't use a brick, because it will end up damaging the cistern."

The Hippo Water Saver -which saves around 2.5 litres a flush - was recently
tipped by Which? magazine as a good toilet cistern device.

"Any submerged object would do," said Which?. "A few handfuls of marbles will
achieve the same effect."

Dual flush valve: (EURO)25 Dual flush toilets typically use between a third and
a half of the amount of water that an old-style flush system uses, according to
Waterwise.

You might not have to buy a new toilet to get a dual flush -as you may simply be
able to buy and fit a dual flush valve. The valves are typically priced around
(EURO)25.

Repair your leak: Hundreds or maybe even thousands of euro Your water
conservation grant is unlikely to cover the full cost of a leak repair. It could
cost you a few hundred euro to repair a water leak. Indeed, the bill could run
to several hundred or even into the thousands the leak is hard to find.

Under Irish Water's 'first fix' scheme, households are entitled to have the
first leak identified on the external water supply pipe repaired for free - but
internal leaks within the home won't be covered.

Repairing a leak in your home should save you money on water charges in the long
run.

Cupán Amháin: (EURO)95 This is a new kind of kettle which boils the exact amount
of water you need. It should save you on energy and water. It's available from
www.watersave.ie.

Cup: (EURO)2 Running the tap when brushing your teeth one of the biggest wastes
of water. Use a cup of water instead when brushing.

Tap aerator: (EURO)10 to (EURO)20 You can cut back on the amount of water you
waste when running the tap by fitting aerators to all of the taps in your home.

These devices fit or screw onto your tap spout to restrict the flow of water and
introduce air - meaning you get the same pressure using less water. Before
buying them however, check if the aerator will fit onto your taps.

Waterless urinal: about (EURO)45 Converting your urinal to a waterless one save
hundreds of thousands of litres of water. Water Warrior (from the Whiffaway
Group) one such product.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SDI


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Carroll Eagle, Westminster, Md

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 23, 2010 Sunday

Commissioners suspend pursuit of Lineboro sewer project: Two-thirds of residents
said they didn't want to connect to system

BYLINE: Charles Schelle, Carroll Eagle, Westminster, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 645 words


May 23--LINEBORO -- After about two-thirds of the residents of Lineboro who were
surveyed said they didn't want to pay for a county-operated sewer system, the
Board of County Commissioners said this week they won't get one -- at least for
now.

"There has always been a division of those who want it, and those who do not
want to be bothered unless it's all free," Commissioner Julia Gouge said. "And
we know at this point we cannot do that."

At its May 20 meeting, the commissioners decided to stop dedicating staff time
to pursue the project, but instead to finish preliminary engineering so the
county will be ready to apply for future grant opportunities -- if they come
about.

Commissioner Michael Zimmer, who had opposed pursuing the project originally,
supported the recommendation by chief of staff Steven Powell to stop county
staff work on the project.

Commissioner Dean Minnich was absent from the discussion.

Failing septic systems in Lineboro have polluted water in the village for at
least 20 years, according to Mike Evans, director of the county's Department of
Public Works.

Some residents had expressed concern over the septic systems at a September 2009
community meeting.

The commissioners had voted 2-1 in March to spend $50,000 for a study, so it
could apply for a U.S. Department of Agricultural Rural Utility Services grant
for the sewer system, which would cost $2.5 million to $3.5 million. The grant
would cover about 45 percent of the system's cost, Evans had said.

The county estimated that each household in the town would pay $1,000 to hook up
to the system, then about $156 to $185 per month for 40 years if the county
received the USDA grant plus a loan, depending on the system.

One system design probably could have connected 56 households, Evans said.

A group formed in 1996, the Lineboro Environmental Wastewater Treatment
Association, tried to plan and raise money for engineering costs for a sewer
system, which eventually fell out of favor because of escalating costs. At the
time, the cost was estimated at $1 million for a wastewater treatment plant, The
Baltimore Sun reported in 1999.

During discussion in 1996, the county estimated the system would cost $35 a
month for residents.

The first survey the county completed in March from 67 homeowners had two-thirds
of the homeowners say "no" to the system, said Chuck Ingram, the county's bureau
chief of solid waste. The latest survey in April asked residents if they would
want the system if the cost could be reduced, he said.

Forty people said "no" and 22 people said "yes," according to the survey.

Comments included in the survey, which did not include names or addresses,
reflected strong thoughts about the issue.

"We should not be forced to hook up and pay for our neighbors' failing (or
failed) sewer systems -- we dealt with our sewer issue -- they should deal with
their sewer issue individually," one person wrote.

Another person said they support creating the system, and said people have
reported seeing toilet tissue in the community's streams.

"I, for one, as an owner in Lineboro would be willing to give to a fund to help
our neighbors who need it, and perhaps the county could help also," the person
wrote.

The commissioners had hoped to get money from the state's flush tax to help
residents pay for their septic systems, but those funds can only be used for
failing town systems, said Vivian Laxton, county public information
administrator.

To see more of the Carroll Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://explorecarroll.com/carroll-eagle/. Copyright (c) 2010, Carroll Eagle,
Westminster, Md. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100523-1CG-Commissioners-suspend-pursuit-of-Lineboro-sewer-project-0523

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CG


                 Copyright 2010 Carroll Eagle, Westminster, Md


                              967 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                              May 9, 2009 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Residents get heating grants

BYLINE: Patrice John

SECTION: Pg. 29

LENGTH: 286 words


BIRMINGHAM households will have more money to spend on energy effi- ciency
measures thanks to extra government funding.

The Warm Front Grant Scheme used to provide up to pounds 2,700-worth of heating
and insulation improvements, but grants have been increased to pounds 3,500
which means more households can have more work done.

Steve McCabe MP (Lab, Hall Green) praised the development and said: "These
changes will undoubtedly lead to better value for money for those people who
really need to have these grants.

"The increase in the grant will make a huge difference to people in Birmingham
who need help. As costs have risen since the grants were last set in 2005, I
know many people have been asked to top up their grant to get the work done. The
increase should make that situation less likely."

Warm Front provides loft insulation, draught-proofing, cavity-wall insulation
and hot-water tank insulation, energy-efficient light bulbs, gas, electric or
oil central heating and glassfronted fires. People over 60 and those in receipt
of benefits are eligible.

Mr McCabe said: "With volatile oil prices, it makes sense to give people who are
not on the gas grid the option of other heating systems apart from oil-fired
ones. People will be able to get grants for air-source heat-pumps.

If you add in grants for solid wall insulation, you can see this will make a
huge difference in some properties." Secretary of State for Energy and Climate
Change Ed Miliband said: "The number of customers asked to make a contribution
will be vastly reduced.

"Some of the most vulnerable households will get vital heating and insulation
measures installed." See www.warmfront.co.uk or call 0800 316 2805 for
information..

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Roscommon Herald

                               February 25, 2009

Boost of EUR 8.6m for rural water supplies

SECTION: IRISH NEWS

LENGTH: 388 words


IMPROVEMENTS TO the rural water supplies in County Roscommon have been given an
EUR 8.6 million boost this week.

Minister Michael Finneran TD has announced details of an EUR 8.6m allocation
from his Department to Roscommon County Council under the 2009 Rural Water
Programme.

This allocation for rural water will fund improvements to group water supplies
and small public water and sewerage schemes throughout the county.

The Minister confirmed that the bulk of the 2009 funding, EUR 7.55m, was
earmarked for eight new plants that would provide water treatment for 22 group
schemes and one small public supply which, together, served over 2,000
households.

The households are located in Annaghmore-Corrislira, Ardkeenagh, Ballymacurley,
BallinderryRathmore, Carane-Ballintubber, Carnalasson, Carrowcrim, Clooneyquinn,
Clooncullane, Corristoona, DerraneCoolteigue, Derryphatten, Donamon,
Clooneygrasson, Gorthaganny, Grange Four Mile House, Grange Lower, Knockcroghery
Lecarrow, Ogulla, Peake Mantua, Rathcarren, Rathcroghan and Shadlough.

The Minister said that tenders for the treatment plants, the largest project of
its kind in the county, were being examined by Roscommon County Council and that
the funding provided would allow a single contract covering all eight plants to
be signed as soon as the tenders had been assessed and approved.

He added that the EUR 7.55m grant would fund other necessary works such as mains
replacement and interconnecting pipelines to link up each scheme to its own
treatment plant.

The Minister said that a further EUR 320,000 had been allocated to enable
Roscommon County Council to complete works on other group water schemes at
Camlin-Ballinameen,TartanScurmore and Derrinacartha.

"These schemes are being upgraded so that they can taken in charge by the
council and become part of the public water supply system.

There is an additional EUR 36,000 for construction work to begin on a new group
water scheme at Cloonark and on extensions to the existing Ballymacurley and
ArdkeenaghTulsk schemes," said Minister Finneran.

The Minister also said that a provision of EUR 675,000 had been made for
improvements proposed by the council to "a significant number of small public
water and sewerage schemes around the county".

Minister Finneran said that the 2009 allocation "was a major boost for
Roscommon".

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              969 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                           February 21, 2008 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Compassion grants for East 18th residents

BYLINE: Nicole MacIntyre, The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 147 words


The city is offering compassionate grants up to $750 per household for East 18th
Street residents affected by a water main break last summer.

Councillor Scott Duvall said the Mountain residents have experienced numerous
water main breaks over the years and several can no longer get insurance.

"The residents have experienced a lot of pain," said Duvall. "This is just a
small little bit of relief."

Only a handful of residents are expected to apply for the grants, so the maximum
cost is $5,250. The grants, which must still receive final approval from
council, do not signal that the city is accepting responsibility for the damage.

The city started compassionate grants in recent years for residents affected by
rainstorms that overwhelmed the city's system. In 2003, council approved a
$10,000 total grant to people affected by a huge water main break in the Locke
Street neighbourhood.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                             March 3, 2011 Thursday

TAOSEÑOS SEEKING AID AFTER GAS OUTAGE

BYLINE: MATTHEW VAN BUREN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 424 words


By Matthew van Buren

The Taos News

A representative from Gov. Susana Martinez' office will hold office hours in
Taos for the last time Thursday (March 3), and a new source of federal funding
has become available to people affected by the natural gas outage.

Cyndi Montoya, Martinez' director of constituent services, has been helping
Taoseños seek relief, taking appointments in Town Hall the past two Thursdays.
After her first visit, she said she met with eight people personally and took a
number of phone calls, helping to direct claims between $100 and $25,000 from
individuals and businesses.

Montoya said she met with a dozen people Feb. 24 and took about 10 phone calls
from people with similar claims. She said she is helping people figure out how
to fill out forms and what to provide to the New Mexico Gas Company as they
request a piece of the company's $1 million relief fund. She said few were
seeking funding from other sources.

"It was all about the gas company this time," she said.

Montoya will be at Town Hall again Thursday (March 3), 9 a.m. until 4 p.m. She
can be reached locally at (575) 737-2620 or by e-mail at
cyndi.montoya@state.nm.us Information and forms related to the New Mexico Gas
Company's relief fund can be found at nmgco.com.

Community Development Block Grants (CDBG) up to $2,000 per household have also
been made available to low- and moderate-income residents as determined by the
Department of Housing and Urban Development.

In Taos County a four-person household with an income of $35,900 is considered
"low-income," and a household of the same size with an income of $22,450 is
considered "very low-income."

The New Mexico Community Development Council held a meeting Tuesday (March 1)
regarding the CDBG funding. According to information from the council,
approximately $1.1 million will be made available for repairs to or replacement
of water lines, water-damaged walls, water heaters and furnaces.

The deadline for residents to apply for the CDBG funding is March 18. For more
information or to download the emergency application form, visit the town's
website taosgov.com.

The USDA Rural Development Department is working with "very low-income families
and individuals" who must replace heating, water and electrical systems, and the
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) is also assessing damage in Taos and
elsewhere to determine whether more federal relief funding will be made
available. More information about other sources of relief is also available at
taosgov.com.

For a related story, see Page A6.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              971 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Express and Echo

                             May 17, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Sunny outlook for solar panels;
With all this rain, it may seem like the sun will never shine again, but when it
does, you can harness its power. Julia Gray looks at the pros and cons of solar
panels

SECTION: PROPERTY;FEATURES; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 476 words


YOU may think that solar panels are a big expense and so not for you, but if
you're planning to stay in your home for a long time, installing them can make
sense financially, as well as being beneficial to the environment. There are two
types of solar panel - ones that generate electricity (solar photovoltaics or
PV), which are most popular, and ones that heat your home's water (solar
thermal). With both, you'll cut your utility bills and CO2 emissions, but the
benefits don't end there. Solar PV panels can also earn you money, thanks to the
Government's Feed-In Tariffs scheme, which pays you for the electricity you
generate and use and also for any surplus you supply to the National Grid. This
could give you savings and income of around £670 a year, according to the Energy
Saving Trust. Its website (www.energysavingtrust.org.uk) features a Solar Energy
Calculator, where you can work out how you could benefit from the scheme.

An average 3kWp (kilowatts peak) PV system, which will produce enough
electricity for around 75 per cent of a typical household's needs, costs in the
region of £10,000.

Solar thermal panels cost much less, at around £3,000 to £5,000 for a typical
system. They'll provide around 33 per cent of the hot water you need at home
(depending on the size of your household), but won't save you much money -
between £55 and £80 a year, according to an Energy Saving Trust field trial. You
may be able to get a grant to help with the cost of the installation, or other
financial assistance - check the Energy Saving Trust website for the latest
schemes.

As well as the thermal panels, you'll need a boiler or immersion heater to give
you additional hot water and sometimes to make the water heated by the panels
hotter, especially in winter. You may also have to change your boiler and hot-
water cylinder to a compatible one.

If putting the panels on a pitched roof isn't an option, you may be able to
mount them on a frame on the ground, a wall or a flat roof instead.

As with all solar panels, how well they'll work will depend on how much sun they
get - the sunnier the position, the better, although they can still work on
cloudy days.

If your home's leasehold, you may need permission from the freeholder to install
solar panels. Restrictions may also apply if you live on 'designated land', such
as a conservation area, and if the building's listed, so ask your local council
about what you can and can't do.

Where planning restrictions apply, solar roof tiles or slates may be acceptable
to the planners. These are more expensive than panels, though.

Standard solar panels are readily available - try the B&Q website (www.diy.com),
where panels start at £2,198 for two. Alternatively, go to http://
local.which.co.uk or www.microgenerationcertification.

org to find solar panel installers.

As ever, get as many quotations as possible.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bright idea: Installing solar panels can earn householders extra cash

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EEE


                        Copyright 2012 Express and Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           October 19, 2010, Tuesday

Houses finally get city water;
Reliable water a luxury for some;
Project brings water to local homes while others still go without

BYLINE: PAUL FALLON, DAILY MAIL STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 1085 words


For years, Patricia Fizer and her family had to carefully regulate their water
consumption because the well at her Dutch Ridge home often would be depleted.

Fizer said she and other family members had cut back on showers so the well
would not get too low. They also had to be careful how often they washed their
clothes.

"And if you washed clothes, you didn't wash dishes," Fizer said. "And we never
washed our cars at the house."

But those days are behind the 52-year-old Kanawha County resident after the
completion of a $2.5 million water project near her home. She is one of the 82
new West Virginia American Water customers in the Sanderson/Dutch Ridge area.

Fizer said her well was not contaminated and her family had one of the better
water sources on the ridge. She still is very pleased to now have city-style
water.

A dedication ceremony for the new water system was held Monday at the Quick
Community Building with county commissioners and representatives from West
Virginia American Water attending.

Most of the money for the project, about $1.9 million, came in the form of a
grant from the state Department of Environmental Protection Abandoned Mine Lands
Division.

The Kanawha County Commission contributed $400,000 for the project, and West
Virginia American Water provided $189,000.

"This type of project would not have been possible if it wasn't for the grant,"
Kanawha County Commission President Kent Carper said.

The cost per new customer served is about $30,000, said Mark Shamblin, project
manager for West Virginia American Water.

The project will not cause water rates to increase for existing customers, said
Wayne Morgan, president of West Virginia American Water.

The average water customer pays $41.42 and uses about 3,746 gallons per month,
said Laura Jordan, external affairs manager at the company.

David Grishaber, 45, also lives on Dutch Ridge Road. He's been waiting a long
time to get water to his home. Although the water line to the area was activated
about three months ago, Grishaber has to lay line from his home to the new water
pipe, he said.

He likely will install the line this week.

Grishaber has been using a hand-dug well/water cistern combination for several
years. He would often run out of water at his home and then would have to haul
about 1,000 gallons of water in a tank from a source at the Quick Community
Building a few miles from his home.

"And that would last about three or four days," he said.

He also spends about $20 a week on drinking water.

Carl Hughes, 51, has to haul water about a mile and a half to his Dutch Ridge
Road home. Several years ago, his well collapsed, and he now uses water out of a
1,200-gallon cistern he has buried near his home.

"I usually have to haul water twice a week," he said.

But Hughes will not get water because of this project. He is in what officials
have dubbed Phase II of the Dutch Ridge project.

Phase II will supply water to about 60 households. This project has been
designed but is currently not funded, Carper said.

It will cost an estimated $1.9 million, said Patrick Snyder, project coordinator
for Kanawha County Planning and Community Development.

Another water project in the Leatherwood area near Clendenin has also been
designed, Shamblin said. This project will supply water to about 150 households
and also lacks funding. This project is estimated to cost around $2.7 million.

The timeline for future projects is dependant upon the county securing funding.
The plans for future projects can change dramatically depending on how much
money the county can obtain from other sources, Carper said.

About 1,500 households in the county are without city-style water. Although
Carper believes this is a very low number, he understands that people in that
situation are very frustrated.

"The further you go into rural areas, the more a project costs," he said.

The Sanderson/Dutch Ridge project consisted of around 10 miles of new line with
one 100,000-gallon storage tank and 18 new fire hydrants. The extension will
help increase the county's tax base and open the area for commercial and
residential development.

But the prospect for development is a secondary consideration for Carper.

"This is a quality-of-life issue," he said. "What kind of quality of life can
someone have without clean drinking water?"

Kanawha is not the only county working to get water to rural areas.

Putnam County Commission President Joe Haynes said about 90 percent of that
county's population has access to city-style water. The U.S. Census Bureau
estimates the county had 55,488 residents in 2008.

Last spring, the county completed a water project in the Jim Ridge area, which
provided water to about 50 new households.

"And we're waiting to hear about funding for Phase II of the Jim Ridge project,"
he said.

Phase II would provide water to about 50 additional customers, he said. Haynes
was unsure when the project could get under way because of the lack of funding.
He did not have figures handy and was unsure how much the project would cost.

But, as in Kanawha, the remaining Putnam County residents who lack water service
live in more rural areas. Therefore, the cost per customer is very high, Haynes
said.

County officials are updating a study that shows high-priority areas for water
projects. Haynes believes it will be completed in 30 to 60 days.

CRAIG CUNNINGHAM/DAILY MAIL

David Grishaber, owner of the Quick Country Store, has had water at his business
for some time. But Grishaber's is now one of 82 households that will be
receiving water now that a $2.5 million project is complete. Grishaber lives on
Dutch Ridge Road.

The Kanawha County Commission held a dedication ceremony for the new water line
at the Quick Community Building Monday. The project was made possible by a $1.9
million grant from the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection
Abandoned Mine Lands Division.

Dutch Ridge Road resident Carl Hughes still has to haul water in a 325-gallon
tank in the back of his truck to his home. Hughes will not be one of the 82 new
customers served by West Virginia American Water because he lives in an area
that will get service after Phase II of the project is completed.

CRAIG CUNNINGHAM/DAILY MAIL

Patricia Fizer recently got city water at her home on Dutch Ridge. Before that,
she had to conserve her well water and couldn't even wash her car at her home.
Fizer's home is one of 82 being served after completion of the water line about
three months ago.

Contact writer Paul Fallon at paul.fallon@dailymail.com or 304-348-4817.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                              973 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Minnesota: Dollars Available to Help Homeowners Replace Septic Systems

LENGTH: 242  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Stearns County of Minnesota has issued the following news release:

Stearns County's Environmental Services Department has a limited amount of
funding available to assist homeowners in replacing subsurface sewage treatment
systems. The funding comes from a grant received from the State of Minnesota.

Eligibility for this grant requires that:

The household has low income
    The property is a homesteaded single family home or duplex
    The sewage treatment system is documented to be an Imminent Threat to Public
Health and Safety, or is Failing to Protect Groundwater status.

Failing Septic SystemThese funds are available for a limited time only, and
applications are available now.   Residents of Stearns County who think they may
qualify, and would like an application, should contact Susan McGuire or Mark
Latterell at the Stearns County Environmental Services Department at (320)
656-3613 or 1-800-450-0852, or download an application now.

The deadline to submit completed grant applications is April 30, 2015 at 4:30
PM. The money will be distributed on first come first served basis.

The purpose of these grants is to protect and restore water quality. The source
of the funding is the Minnesota Clean Water Fund, one of four funds established
by the Clean Water, Wildlife, Cultural Heritage and Natural Areas Amendment in
2008.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Tasmanian (Australia)

                            November 8, 2009 Sunday
                                  1 - Edition

Getting the green light

BYLINE: MORRIS KAPLAN

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 926  words


Across the green spectrum there are literally hundreds of ``vertical''
opportunities for business and, ultimately, investors and consumers to derive
benefits

IT SEEMS almost trite to make mention of climate change and our personal
finances and profits in the same sentence.

Yet for many governments grappling with the issue, it raises both political and
economic questions.

The battle between the big industrial carbon polluters and the government
charged with bringing in the appropriate legislation to make us as near as
carbon neutral as possible is being fought along the corridors of power.

Since the GFC, climate change has been pushed down from a front-of-mind to a
wish-list priority.

There is almost no doubt that every household in the Western world will be
paying for efforts to mitigate against carbon emissions.

As investors, however, the equation is far less clear but, in the long term,
there will be winners.

A low-carbon economy throws up challenges and opportunities. On the one hand, it
is difficult to see anything other than brown coal feeding the electricity grid
of Victoria or the burgeoning cities and industrial plants of Queensland.

Gas seams buried deep below vast tracks of land in Queensland, however, are
already on the planning agendas of large utility companies.

Renewable energy, while still perched on the high-cost side of the energy
spectrum, is becoming more important for many planners and a commercial
opportunity for business.

A raft of grants, loans and rebates from state and federal governments, as well
as concessions from local governments, are fuelling a massive take-up of solar
panels for both water heating and energy usage.

This is a global phenomenon and is typical of the paradox presented to both
consumers and business as well as authorities.

On the one hand, solar, which as a technology is well advanced, remains a
high-capital cost renewable energy solution and one that takes years to offer
the consumer a return on investment. Yet, on the other hand, it presents a cash
saving in terms of the monthly emery bill.

A number of academics and building industry experts (not associated with the
solar industry) assert that in the emerging new green economy, a home with solar
equipped energy will command a premium in the market in terms of capital value.

Some suggest a 1 per cent premium. On an average capital value of $450,000 for a
city home in Australia, this is a mere $4500 -- not enough to pay for the
capital costs (unless grants and rebates are arable) of solar energy.

Internationally, the same dilemma faces authorities and consumers -- although in
California, as a case in point, where energy costs are much higher than just
about anywhere in Australia, the economics are more in favour of the consumers.

Hence there are incentives for business to commercially invest in new
technologies which, in turn, will make this readily accessible form of
alternative energy viable.

There are already a number of listed companies in Australia which are technology
leaders in this space; some will generate profits for their shareholders.

Across the green spectrum there are literally hundreds of ``vertical''
opportunities for business and, ultimately, investors and consumers to derive
benefits.

Even the common, local landfill presents an opportunity for local authorities,
commercial ventures and consumers to benefit from alternative uses of the space.

Apart from diverting waste from landfill (recycling bins, e-waste, compost etc),
landfill is being re-configured by local authorities around the world.

In Australia, dozens of sites now produce commercial quantities of methane gas
for energy use rather than escaping into the atmosphere producing heavily loaded
carbon emissions.

In Perth, entrepreneurial companies are capturing and containing the composting
organic waste emissions and producing usable energy as well as by-products such
as fertilisers.

Electric cars, an enduring dream of alternative fuel manufacturers, are now a
reality. In some cites around the world -- San Francisco, for instance, and in
many parts of London -- electric vehicles are becoming the principal form of
transport.

Many auto manufactures have accelerated their plans for electric cars, offering
both hybrids and all-electric vehicles.

A number of planners are looking at ``stations'' for enabling electric vehicles
to be recharged along key routes.

Electric vehicles will produce an explosion of innovation across the whole
supply chain, from batteries to stations to accessories as well as transport
grids, parking and servicing facilities.

Investment both at the new venture end and at the listed public company end will
offer ample opportunity to investors to go ``for the ride''.

At the household level, green grants are becoming hugely popular. These grants
and loans made available by the federal government, enable householders to buy
the solar panels, the water systems (for example, brown-water systems).

These incentives are needed to overcome the complacency and the lack of
available capital in the average household.

Even here there are mixed messages. Just last week we saw the Federal Government
take 25 per cent off the insulation rebate in a move to curtail some of the
rorts emerging from the scheme.

We all want to be green, but the costs remain high. Investment in green
technology at the household level will produce dividends in time, just as
investing in companies which will become tomorrow's green champions will produce
long-term returns.

* Morris Kaplan is the author of It's Payback Time (Hardie Grant Books).

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           September 1, 2012 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Guiding homeowners to green renovations

BYLINE: Stu Niebergall, The Leader-Post

SECTION: HOMES; Stu Niebergall; Pg. F2

LENGTH: 836 words


Many of us would like to see progress in addressing important environmental
issues such as climate change and reducing greenhouse gas emissions, improving
air quality and protecting our natural resources.

At the same time, many homeowners are interested in lowering operating costs and
adding value to their homes. Having a healthy home also tops the list for many.
The good news is that with a home renovation, any project large or small can be
a step toward a "greener" home.

Our professional renovators are helping homeowners take a leadership role on
these issues. A professional renovator can guide homeowners through their
"green" choices, pointing out features, costs and benefits. Look for the
RenoMarkT logo when looking for a professional renovator. RenoMarkT renovators
are members of the Regina & Region Home Builders' Association and they have the
expertise when it comes to "green" home renovations.

There are three important steps to work through when "greening" a renovation
project: increasing energy and water efficiency; ensuring clean indoor air; and,
choosing resource-smart materials and products.

By far the most important of the "green" options is saving energy and water.
Renovating offers the opportunity to reduce significantly the amount of energy
and water used in the household, reducing the impact on the environment and
saving on operating costs now and in years to come. These upgrades can also add
value to the home, making it more attractive to others if there is the decision
to sell. There is a wide range of energy and water efficiency improvements that
can be made.

Replace or upgrade heating systems with high-efficiency equipment, and in doing
so look for ENERGY STAR® certified products. If the project involves exposing
exterior walls or renovating the exterior, take the opportunity to add
insulation. When installing new windows, choose higherperformance windows and
look for ENERGY STAR® certification. Upgrade light fixtures and bulbs to compact
fluorescent, halogen and LED lights. If water heating equipment is getting old,
consider replacing it with new more energy efficient models. Replace appliances
with new ENERGY STAR® appliances. When choosing new plumbing fixtures, look for
those with the WaterSense® certification as they are the most efficient on the
market.

One of the best steps to take before planning a renovation is to get a home
energy assessment from an independent certified home energy evaluator. This will
identify how the home uses energy, where it is being wasted and what changes
need to be made. This can assist greatly with the renovation plans and is an
essential component of qualifying for an energy grant.

Until October 31, 2013, Saskatchewan homeowners are eligible for home
energy-upgrade grants through the Saskatchewan EnerGuide for Houses Retrofit
Grant Program. To qualify, homeowners must have an initial evaluation before
work is started and a second evaluation once work is completed. The maximum
provincial grant is $5,000.

A renovation project is the perfect opportunity to improve indoor air quality,
and protect your family's health from moulds, chemicals and other pollutants. A
healthy home needs proper ventilation to bring in fresh air and get rid of stale
or moist air, chemicals and other indoor pollutants. As the home gets more
airtight, additional ventilation may be needed to keep indoor air fresh and
healthy. Consider adding a heat recovery ventilator that delivers fresh air
without extra heating costs. "House as a system" thinking is important when
planning a renovation, because changes made to one part of the home can affect
other parts. Ask about the "clean air" products that can be used when upgrading.
Such products would include pre-finished hardwood flooring, ceramic, stone,
marble and other hard-surface tiles for flooring and walls, low or no-VOC paints
and adhesives, and many others.

Choosing resource smart products and materials is another important method of
"greening" a renovation. Here are some examples of the type of products that are
better for the environment. Materials made from recycled waste including
insulation, and decking materials that are made from recycled plastic, just to
name a few. Some products are made from easily renewable or wellmanaged
resources or natural materials that involve less processing. Ask suppliers for
the "green" information on the particular product options. Locally-produced
materials reduce energy intensive transportation. Durable products that last
longer may cost a little more upfront, but are money-saving and better for the
environment over time.

There are many reasons for choosing to go with a "green" renovation. It is a
personal decision. But whether it is for financial savings by lowering household
operating costs and adding value to the home, or whether it is because of the
benefits to the environment or to personal health, it is always the right choice
to go "green" in renovating.

For more information on this go to www.reginahomebuilders.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2012 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              976 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

USPTO grants trade mark "PLUMB CONNECT" to Plumb Connect International Pty Ltd
(AUSTRALIA)

LENGTH: 121  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


Plumb Connect International Pty Ltd (AUSTRALIA), has been granted trademark
(4599251) titled as "PLUMB CONNECT" from the United States Patent and Trademark
Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 035. US 100 101 102. G & S: Retail store and wholesale
distributorship services featuring water supply apparatus and installations,
plumbing fixtures and fittings, household appliance and fittings, bathroom
fixtures and fittings, toilet fixtures and fittings and plumbing supplies;
online retail store and wholesale store services featuring water supply
apparatus and installations, plumbing fixtures and fittings, household appliance
and fittings, bathroom fixtures and fittings, toilet fixture fittings and
plumbing supplies

Filing

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 11, 2017

                           Comision Nacional del Agua

               Av. Insurgentes Sur NO. 2416, Col. Copilco el Bajo
                                 Coyoacan 04340
                                     Mexico

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


San Agustin Town, Chihuahua Receives Grant For Water And Wastewater Improvement
Project

   Jun 24, 2013

   The town of San Agustin, Chihuahua, received a $792,440 grant to finance
improvements to its drinking water system, as well as to provide wastewater
collection and treatment services in the Juarez Valley. The grant funds are
being provided by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency through the Border
Environment Infrastructure Fund, which is administered by the North American
Development Bank (NADB).Water system improvements include the installation of
disinfection systems for two water wells, construction of an elevated storage
tank and more than 104,000ft of transmission and distribution lines. The
wastewater components consist of the construction of a sewer system, including
38,000ft of pipeline, 711 residential connections, and expansion of the sewer
main to connect the new system to the El Million wastewater treatment plant,
which will be expanded to accommodate the additional flows from San Agustin. The
$2.64m project was certified by the Border Environment Cooperation Commission in
November 2012.The state water agency, Junta Central de Agua y Saneamiento de
Chihuahua and NADB recently signed the grant agreement for the project. Comision
Nacional del Agua is providing matching grant funds to cover the remaining
project costs. Upon completion, the project will provide reliable water and
wastewater services to 100% of the community, as well as reduce the potential
for groundwater and surface water contamination by eliminating the use of
latrines, septic tanks, and wastewater discharges to open-air drains.
Specifically, an estimated 109,786 gallons a day of wastewater will be collected
and treated.


NADB Awards $18m Grant To Matamoros And Miguel Aleman Cities, Mexico For
Environmental Infrastructure Projects

   Nov 28, 2012

   The North American Development Bank (NADB) signed grant agreements totaling
$18m with the local water utilities of the cities of Matamoros and Miguel
Aleman, Tamaulipas, to help finance the construction of their respective water
and wastewater improvement projects.These projects, which together will cost an
estimated $76m to implement, are receiving almost $18m from the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) through the Border Environment
Infrastructure Fund (BEIF), which is administered by NADB. The implementation of
these infrastructure works is being carried out in collaboration with the
Mexican National Water Commission.Both projects were certified by the Border
Environment Cooperation Commission (BECC) on July 17, 2012. For these two
certified projects, the cities of Matamoros and Miguel Aleman received $572,015
and $187.138, respectively, in technical assistance grants for the preparation
of preliminary engineering, environmental authorization and final design. These
grants were provided through the Project Development Assistance Program, which
is funded by EPA and administered by BECC. The $69.72m project in Matamoros
consists of wastewater system improvements, including the installation of
sanitary sewer systems in 34 subdivisions, as well as construction of the West
wastewater treatment plant, which will have the capacity to treat 12.33 million
gallons a day of sewage. The utility is receiving a $16m BEIF grant to cover
part of the construction costs. In addition to the BEIF grant, NADB is also
providing a peso-denominated loan estimated at $12.2m for this project, which
was contracted earlier November 2012. Expansion of the wastewater collection and
treatment system will provide an estimated 7,131 households with access to
sanitary sewer systems, while the wastewater currently collected through 36,825
existing sewer connections will be treated prior to discharge. Sanchez Garza,
mayor of Matamoros, said, "With this new infrastructure, asside of providing
sewer collection to 34 subdivisions that currently lack this vital service,
wastewater treatment coverage will increase from 24% to 70%, which will notably
improve the environment and quality of life of the residents of Matamoros." In
the case of Miguel Aleman, the $6.25m project consists of improvements to the
wastewater collection system in the city's downtown area, including the
construction of more than 63,000ft of sewer lines and collectors and the
installation of 1,888 residential sewer connections. In addition, a force main
and lift station will be constructed that will convey all of the city's
wastewater to the current treatment plant located on the east side of town. The
treated wastewater will be used for agricultural purposes. The utility is
receiving a $1.98m BEIF grant for this project.


BECC And NADB Announce $158m In Financing For Five New Projects

   Nov 08, 2012

   The Border Environment Cooperation Commission (BECC) board of directors and
the North American Development Bank (NADB) announced the approval of five new
projects that will benefit over four million residents of the US-Mexico border
region. These projects are receiving over $158m in loan and grant financing for
construction.The board approved the certification of a $2.64m water and
wastewater improvement project for the community of San Agustin, Chihuahua,
which currently does not have a wastewater collection or treatment system. The
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), through grants to the BECC and NADB,
provided $39,494 in technical assistance and $792,440 in construction funding
for this project and is actively supporting its implementation in partnership
with Mexico's National Water Commission.At the same time, the board approved the
certification of a $1.46m project for construction of a wastewater collection
and conveyance system for the community of Tintown, Arizona, near the city of
Bisbee. This project is receiving $240,005 in technical assistance and $761,309
in construction assistance from the EPA, through grants to the BECC and NADB.
EPA, BECC and NADB are providing oversight and coordination with state and local
funding partners for the successful implementation of the project. The board
also recently certified an additional wastewater collection improvement project
for the city of Tijuana, Baja California. The project consists of constructing
the La Cuesta sewer system to provide over 300 residential hookups, as well as
rehabilitating a collector and force main. In 2009, Tijuana received a loan for
$22.08m to finance several water and wastewater works. Approximately $1.58m of
that loan is being applied towards the implementation of these new components,
which will reduce environmental and health hazards associated with inadequate
sewage disposal. With board support, NADB is also providing $155m in financing
for two renewable energy projects. The Ocotillo Express wind energy project,
located in Imperial county, California, is a 265.4 MW wind farm utilizing 112
wind turbines, which will generate electricity for the equivalent of 120,000
households. NADB is providing a $110m loan to Pattern Renewables LP, a
subsidiary of Pattern Energy Group LP, for the project. The energy generated
will be sold to San Diego Gas and Electric. The second energy project, a 12.5
MWAC solar park within the boundaries of the Davis-Monthan Air Force Base
(DMAFB), southwest of the city of Tucson, Arizona, will receive a US$45m loan
from NADB. The project will interconnect to DMAFB onsite through Tucson Electric
Power's existing interconnecting point and is expected to generate sufficient
energy to supply about 35% of DMAFB's electrical needs. In addition to the new
projects, the board approved a fiscal year 2013 borrowing plan for the NADB so
that the bank can continue its lending operations while complying with its
liquidity and reserve policies. The board commended NADB management on the
bank's recent $250m debt issuance, which was oversubscribed, and issued at a
2.4% interest rate, reflecting the bank's strong credit ratings. As part of
NADB's borrowing activities, the board approved a $50m loan agreement between
NADB and Kreditanstalt fÃ¼r Wiederaufbau (KfW) to be used specifically for water
and wastewater projects in the Mexican border region. In addition, KfW is
providing project development support through a grant for more than $1m grant
that will be managed by BECC.


Poyry Receives Wastewater Tunnel Project Contract In Mexico

   Dec 22, 2011

   Poyry Plc's Urban & Mobility business group has been awarded a contract by
Mexico's National Water Commission, Comision Nacional del Agua (CONAGUA), to
provide technical, administrative and financial advisory services in the Emisor
Oriente tunnel project in Mexico city. The value of Poyry's assignment is
?8.5m.Poyry's services to assure the quality of the tunnel construction started
in November 2011. The project is expected to be completed by the end of
2014.Emisor Oriente tunnel is a part of the new drainage system in Mexico city
and it will significantly reduce the risk of flooding in the city and in the
surrounding areas. Thierry Dugay, president of Latin America & Spain in Poyry's
Urban & Mobility business group, said, "The rapid population growth in Mexico
city has increased the need for water supply and resulted in more groundwater
extraction. The water has been pumped from below the city, which has actually
caused the city to sink. In the last 100 years, parts of Mexico city have sunk
as much as forty-two feet and the city is expending a lot of effort to stop the
sinking, which has already caused considerable damage to buildings, roads, and
critical infrastructure. In some locations it has caused the sewage lines to
become slanted - resulting in the lines running backward. Consequently, the city
struggles with flooding during the rainy season. The new tunnel will improve the
safety and well-being of the inhabitants."
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017


                              978 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday

UK Intellectual Property Office grants trade mark "SENSE" to Adey Holdings
(2008) Limited

LENGTH: 1541 words

DATELINE: New York



 London:  Adey Holdings (2008) Limited, has been granted trademark
(UK00003192524) titled as "SENSE" from the UK Intellectual Property Office.



  Status: Registered



 Class/es:    Class 9

     Apparatus and instruments for monitoring, measuring and checking
(supervision); monitoring apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments
for condition monitoring; apparatus and instruments for monitoring fluid;
magnetic apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for magnetic
filtration; smart filters; magnetic filters; smart magnetic filters; power
flushing filters (magnetic); smart power flushing filters (magnetic); testing
apparatus and instruments; water testing apparatus and instruments; water
monitoring apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for testing and
monitoring central heating water; apparatus and instruments for testing and
monitoring water in central heating systems, cooling systems, boilers, heaters,
radiators, pumps and pipes; apparatus and instruments for monitoring and testing
central heating systems, cooling systems, boilers, heaters, radiators, pumps and
pipes; apparatus and instruments for monitoring and testing the efficiency,
performance and consumption of central heating systems, cooling systems,
boilers, heaters, radiators, pumps and pipes; apparatus and instruments for
monitoring and testing heating, ventilating, air conditioning or water supply
apparatus, systems, devices and installations; apparatus and instruments for
monitoring and testing the efficiency, performance and consumption of heating,
ventilating, air conditioning or water supply apparatus, systems, devices and
installations; checking, monitoring and controlling apparatus for heating,
ventilating, air conditioning or water supply apparatus, systems, devices and
installations; checking, monitoring and controlling apparatus for central
heating systems, cooling systems, boilers, heaters, radiators, pumps and pipes;
electric control apparatus, systems, devices and installations; programmable
control apparatus, systems, devices and installations; remote control apparatus,
systems, devices and installations; remote control apparatus, systems, devices
and installations for use with heating, ventilating, air conditioning or water
supply apparatus, systems, devices and installations; remote monitoring
apparatus, systems, devices and installations; remote monitoring apparatus,
systems, devices and installations for use with heating, ventilating, air
conditioning or water supply apparatus, systems, devices and installations;
temperature and energy control apparatus; thermostats; thermostat control
apparatus; thermal sensors for use in thermostats; thermal controls; boiler
control apparatus; communications controllers; computer software; computer
software for monitoring; computer software for heating, ventilating, air
conditioning or water supply apparatus, systems, devices and installations;
computer software for the control and monitoring of heating, ventilating, air
conditioning or water supply apparatus, systems, devices and installations;
computer software for monitoring, testing and recording the efficiency,
performance and consumption of central heating systems, cooling systems,
boilers, heaters, radiators, pumps and pipes; interactive computer software
accessible electronically, via computers or mobile telephones; computer software
applications; mobile phone applications; mobile applications; meters; smart
meters; electrical meters; apparatus, equipment and instruments for measuring
the efficiency, performance and consumption of heating apparatus, systems,
devices and installations; sensors; detectors; parts and fittings for all of the
aforesaid goods.



 Class 11

     Apparatus and installations for heating and water supply; central heating
apparatus and installations; smart filters being parts of household or
industrial installations for heating, central heating, water storage, water
supply and cooling; filters being parts of household or industrial installations
for heating, central heating, water storage, water supply and cooling; smart
magnetic filters being parts of household or industrial installations for
heating, central heating, water storage, water supply and cooling; magnetic
filters being parts of household or industrial installations for heating,
central heating, water storage, water supply and cooling; smart non-magnetic
filters being parts of household or industrial installations for heating,
central heating, water storage, water supply and cooling; non-magnetic filters
being parts of household or industrial installations for heating, central
heating, water storage, water supply and cooling; smart power flushing filters
being parts of household or industrial installations for heating, central
heating, water storage, water supply and cooling; power flushing filters being
parts of household or industrial installations for heating, central heating,
water storage, water supply and cooling; smart filters being parts of central
heating apparatus and installations; filters being parts of central heating
apparatus and installations; smart magnetic filters being parts of central
heating apparatus and installations; magnetic filters being parts of central
heating apparatus and installations; smart non-magnetic filters being parts of
central heating apparatus and installations; non-magnetic filters being parts of
central heating apparatus and installations; smart power flushing filters being
parts of central heating apparatus and installations; power flushing filters
being parts of central heating apparatus and installations; smart filters being
for use in central heating systems; filters being for use in central heating
systems; smart magnetic filters being for use in central heating systems;
magnetic filters being for use in central heating systems; smart non-magnetic
filters being for use in central heating systems; non-magnetic filters being for
use in central heating systems; smart power flushing filters being for use in
central heating systems; power flushing filters being for use in central heating
systems; water filtration apparatus and installations for heating, central
heating, water storage, water supply and cooling; water filtration apparatus and
installations for central heating apparatus and installations; water treatment
apparatus for water purification and water softening; water treatment apparatus
for water purification and water softening for domestic use; water treatment
apparatus for water purification and water softening for central heating
apparatus and installations; water treatment filters; portable filtration units
(other than machines); temperature sensors (thermostatic valves) for heating
apparatus; parts and fittings for all of the aforesaid goods.

 Class 37

     Maintenance services; installation, maintenance and repair of heating
apparatus, installations and systems; installation, maintenance and repair of
central heating apparatus, installations and systems; installation, maintenance
and repair of water storage apparatus, installations and systems; installation,
maintenance and repair of water supply apparatus, installations and systems;
installation, maintenance and repair of cooling apparatus, installations and
systems; cleaning services; heating and water supply system cleaning and
flushing services; central heating system cleaning and flushing services; water
storage system cleaning and flushing services; cooling system cleaning and
flushing services; information services relating to installation, repair and
maintenance of heating apparatus, installations and systems; information
services relating to installation, repair and maintenance of central heating
apparatus, installations and systems; information services relating to
installation, repair and maintenance of water storage apparatus, installations
and systems; information services relating to installation, repair and
maintenance of water supply apparatus, installations and systems; information
services relating to installation, repair and maintenance of cooling apparatus,
installations and systems; information services relating to the provision of
cleaning services; information services relating to the provision of heating and
water supply system cleaning and flushing services; information services
relating to the provision of central heating system cleaning and flushing
services; information services relating to the provision of water storage system
cleaning and flushing services; information services relating to the provision
of cooling system cleaning and flushing services; provision of technical support
in relation to all of the aforementioned installation, maintenance, repair,
cleaning, flushing and information services; providing information in relation
to all of the aforementioned services and suppliers or installers thereof from a
database or website; information, advisory and consultancy services relating to
all of the aforementioned services.



 Filing Date:  21 October 2016



 Date of registration: 3 February 2017



 Representative name:  Albright IP Limited



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              979 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            March 18, 2017 Saturday

UK Intellectual Property Office grants trade mark "MAGNACLEAN SENSE" to Adey
Holdings (2008) Limited

LENGTH: 1543 words

DATELINE: New York



 London:  Adey Holdings (2008) Limited, has been granted trademark
(UK00003210062) titled as "MAGNACLEAN SENSE" from the UK Intellectual Property
Office.



  Status: Registered



 Class/es:    Class 9

     Apparatus and instruments for monitoring, measuring and checking
(supervision); monitoring apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments
for condition monitoring; apparatus and instruments for monitoring fluid;
magnetic apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for magnetic
filtration; smart filters; magnetic filters; smart magnetic filters; power
flushing filters (magnetic); smart power flushing filters (magnetic); testing
apparatus and instruments; water testing apparatus and instruments; water
monitoring apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for testing and
monitoring central heating water; apparatus and instruments for testing and
monitoring water in central heating systems, cooling systems, boilers, heaters,
radiators, pumps and pipes; apparatus and instruments for monitoring and testing
central heating systems, cooling systems, boilers, heaters, radiators, pumps and
pipes; apparatus and instruments for monitoring and testing the efficiency,
performance and consumption of central heating systems, cooling systems,
boilers, heaters, radiators, pumps and pipes; apparatus and instruments for
monitoring and testing heating, ventilating, air conditioning or water supply
apparatus, systems, devices and installations; apparatus and instruments for
monitoring and testing the efficiency, performance and consumption of heating,
ventilating, air conditioning or water supply apparatus, systems, devices and
installations; checking, monitoring and controlling apparatus for heating,
ventilating, air conditioning or water supply apparatus, systems, devices and
installations; checking, monitoring and controlling apparatus for central
heating systems, cooling systems, boilers, heaters, radiators, pumps and pipes;
electric control apparatus, systems, devices and installations; programmable
control apparatus, systems, devices and installations; remote control apparatus,
systems, devices and installations; remote control apparatus, systems, devices
and installations for use with heating, ventilating, air conditioning or water
supply apparatus, systems, devices and installations; remote monitoring
apparatus, systems, devices and installations; remote monitoring apparatus,
systems, devices and installations for use with heating, ventilating, air
conditioning or water supply apparatus, systems, devices and installations;
temperature and energy control apparatus; thermostats; thermostat control
apparatus; thermal sensors for use in thermostats; thermal controls; boiler
control apparatus; communications controllers; computer software; computer
software for monitoring; computer software for heating, ventilating, air
conditioning or water supply apparatus, systems, devices and installations;
computer software for the control and monitoring of heating, ventilating, air
conditioning or water supply apparatus, systems, devices and installations;
computer software for monitoring, testing and recording the efficiency,
performance and consumption of central heating systems, cooling systems,
boilers, heaters, radiators, pumps and pipes; interactive computer software
accessible electronically, via computers or mobile telephones; computer software
applications; mobile phone applications; mobile applications; meters; smart
meters; electrical meters; apparatus, equipment and instruments for measuring
the efficiency, performance and consumption of heating apparatus, systems,
devices and installations; sensors; detectors; parts and fittings for all of the
aforesaid goods.



 Class 11

     Apparatus and installations for heating and water supply; central heating
apparatus and installations; smart filters being parts of household or
industrial installations for heating, central heating, water storage, water
supply and cooling; filters being parts of household or industrial installations
for heating, central heating, water storage, water supply and cooling; smart
magnetic filters being parts of household or industrial installations for
heating, central heating, water storage, water supply and cooling; magnetic
filters being parts of household or industrial installations for heating,
central heating, water storage, water supply and cooling; smart non-magnetic
filters being parts of household or industrial installations for heating,
central heating, water storage, water supply and cooling; non-magnetic filters
being parts of household or industrial installations for heating, central
heating, water storage, water supply and cooling; smart power flushing filters
being parts of household or industrial installations for heating, central
heating, water storage, water supply and cooling; power flushing filters being
parts of household or industrial installations for heating, central heating,
water storage, water supply and cooling; smart filters being parts of central
heating apparatus and installations; filters being parts of central heating
apparatus and installations; smart magnetic filters being parts of central
heating apparatus and installations; magnetic filters being parts of central
heating apparatus and installations; smart non-magnetic filters being parts of
central heating apparatus and installations; non-magnetic filters being parts of
central heating apparatus and installations; smart power flushing filters being
parts of central heating apparatus and installations; power flushing filters
being parts of central heating apparatus and installations; smart filters being
for use in central heating systems; filters being for use in central heating
systems; smart magnetic filters being for use in central heating systems;
magnetic filters being for use in central heating systems; smart non-magnetic
filters being for use in central heating systems; non-magnetic filters being for
use in central heating systems; smart power flushing filters being for use in
central heating systems; power flushing filters being for use in central heating
systems; water filtration apparatus and installations for heating, central
heating, water storage, water supply and cooling; water filtration apparatus and
installations for central heating apparatus and installations; water treatment
apparatus for water purification and water softening; water treatment apparatus
for water purification and water softening for domestic use; water treatment
apparatus for water purification and water softening for central heating
apparatus and installations; water treatment filters; portable filtration units
(other than machines); temperature sensors (thermostatic valves) for heating
apparatus; parts and fittings for all of the aforesaid goods.

 Class 37

     Maintenance services; installation, maintenance and repair of heating
apparatus, installations and systems; installation, maintenance and repair of
central heating apparatus, installations and systems; installation, maintenance
and repair of water storage apparatus, installations and systems; installation,
maintenance and repair of water supply apparatus, installations and systems;
installation, maintenance and repair of cooling apparatus, installations and
systems; cleaning services; heating and water supply system cleaning and
flushing services; central heating system cleaning and flushing services; water
storage system cleaning and flushing services; cooling system cleaning and
flushing services; information services relating to installation, repair and
maintenance of heating apparatus, installations and systems; information
services relating to installation, repair and maintenance of central heating
apparatus, installations and systems; information services relating to
installation, repair and maintenance of water storage apparatus, installations
and systems; information services relating to installation, repair and
maintenance of water supply apparatus, installations and systems; information
services relating to installation, repair and maintenance of cooling apparatus,
installations and systems; information services relating to the provision of
cleaning services; information services relating to the provision of heating and
water supply system cleaning and flushing services; information services
relating to the provision of central heating system cleaning and flushing
services; information services relating to the provision of water storage system
cleaning and flushing services; information services relating to the provision
of cooling system cleaning and flushing services; provision of technical support
in relation to all of the aforementioned installation, maintenance, repair,
cleaning, flushing and information services; providing information in relation
to all of the aforementioned services and suppliers or installers thereof from a
database or website; information, advisory and consultancy services relating to
all of the aforementioned services.



 Filing Date:  1 February 2017



 Date of registration: 17 March 2017



 Representative name:  Albright IP Limited



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    September 5, 2003 Friday FINAL C Edition

Water meters advocated -- but they come at a price: Municipalities study
alternatives to flat rate

SOURCE: Vancouver Sun

BYLINE: Chad Skelton

SECTION: News; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1035 words

Installing water meters on all homes in the Lower Mainland could help prevent
future crises like the one this year by reducing water consumption by up to 30
per cent and making it easier to track down system leaks.

But it would be costly -- $130 million to $170 million to hook up all 375,000
unmetered homes -- according to the Greater Vancouver regional district.

The GVRD is currently experiencing the worst water crisis in its history -- with
reservoirs at 39 per-cent capacity, their lowest ever for this time of year.

On Aug. 22, the district instituted a complete lawn watering ban, which has
reduced water consumption by about 15 per cent and for now eliminated the need
for further restrictions.

But the scale of this year's crisis has some wondering what can be done to
reduce water consumption in the Lower Mainland -- which uses more water than
almost any other region on Earth -- with some thinking metering could be the
answer.

All municipalities in the GVRD meter the water consumption of commercial and
industrial customers.

But only one, the city of Langley, meters all residential customers.

The rest charge a flat fee -- usually between $150 and $250 a year -- no matter
how much water is used.

Studies produced by the GVRD estimate metering all residences could reduce
residential consumption anywhere from seven to 30 per cent -- depending on the
pricing scheme used.

Nancy Knight, demand side management manager for the GVRD, said studies show the
most effective metering programs use a sliding scale -- for example, charging
$40 for the first hundred cubic metres, $60 for the next hundred, and so on.

Seattle, for example, has three different water rates -- with the top rate
almost three times higher than the base rate.

The advantage of such a system, Knight said, is that those who use small amounts
of water pay very little, while those who waste water pay the most.

"If people want to use more, they can pay the higher rate," said Knight. "And it
reflects the cost of adding new supply capacity. It makes sure that the people
who are driving expansion pay a bigger share of it."

Installing meters across the GVRD would also have a dramatic impact on the
amount of water wasted.

The district estimates that 14 per cent of the region's water supply is simply
lost -- from things such as pipeline leaks.

Residential metering would help to isolate leaks, because municipalities could
compare the water going down mainline pipes with the amount that reaches each
home.

"You can track it down distribution channel by distribution channel," said
Knight. "You can track your leaks really quickly and fix them really quickly."

Studies suggest that, with metering, the amount of water wasted could drop from
14 per cent to five per cent.

The most recent report on metering went to the GVRD's water committee in
mid-July.

Knight said the district hasn't made a decision, but interest in the idea has
grown steadily in recent years.

"Five years ago . . . very few people were interested in water metering. They
saw little benefit," she said. "It's really changed."

One of the reasons for that is the price of water is due to go up substantially
in the next few years to help pay for the region's new $600-million filtration
plant.

In the next six years, the wholesale price of water -- what the GVRD charges
member municipalities -- is due to double from 19 to 38 cents per cubic metre.

There are about 750,000 households in the GVRD -- half of which are already
metered, usually because they are in high-rise apartments or condominiums.

That leaves 350,000 unmetered households.

It costs anywhere from $340 to $450 to install a single meter -- with the most
expensive being higher-tech meters that can be read automatically.

It then costs another $30 per year to service and maintain each meter, Knight.

That means it would cost anywhere from $130 to $170 million to install meters
across the region and a further $10.5 million a year to service them all.

While Langley city is currently the only municipality that meters all its
households, several cities -- including Surrey, Maple Ridge, Richmond, West
Vancouver and North Vancouver city -- require meters on all new homes.

And last year, Surrey -- with help from $6 million in grants from the federal
and provincial government -- introduced a plan allowing residential customers to
be voluntarily metered.

The grant money pays for the meter's installation.

Already, 5,000 people have signed up to be metered -- calling the city's hotline
at 604-575-WATER -- and Surrey hopes to sign up another 25,000 in the next few
years.

Vincent Lalonde, the city's utilities manager, said that within a few years,
roughly half of Surrey's homes will be metered.

Those who decide to be metered in Surrey have their $220-a-year flat fee
replaced with a $60-a-year administration fee, plus 37 cents per cubic metre.

So far, those who have signed up for the program have saved an average of $130 a
year -- about $70 from paying less for water, and another $60 for reduced sewage
charges, which are calculated as a percentage of water consumption.

Lalonde believes that as more people sign up to be metered, the incentive for
others to sign up will increase.

That's because the flat fee paid by Surrey residents now -- as in all cities --
is the total cost of delivering water to all of Surrey's non-metered residents,
divided by the number of households.

As low water users sign up for metering and go off the flat fee, the average for
remaining users is bound to go up, said Lalonde, meaning those with a flat fee
will probably be stuck with a higher bill.

"The long-term goal is to have everyone on meters," Lalonde said.

Langley city Mayor Marlene Grinnell said residents in her city are happy with
the results of metering -- which has been in place for more than a decade -- and
encouraged other municipalities to follow suit.

"It's all about accountability. It's all about making people aware of the cost,"
said Grinnell. "I know that it's expensive. But in the long run, it definitely
pays off."

cskelton@png.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Steve Bosch, Vancouver Sun; Francis Cheung, the City of
Langley's director of engineering shows how water meters work.

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

Seven out of 10 rural people still lack access to hygienic toilet facilities

SECTION: Vol. 09 No. 321

LENGTH: 1219  words


Seven out of 10 people who still lack access to safe, hygienic toilet facilities
live in rural areas, mostly in Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia. However, more
than 850 million urban residents also lack access to sanitation. The
increasingly rapid pace of urbanization, combined with evidence showing great
health impacts of poor sanitation in dense urban areas, makes this a key barrier
to sustainable development, according to a World Bank report issued from
Washington today. This has serious public health impacts, as well as long-term
impacts on human capital. Just last week estimates were released suggesting that
sanitation is the second leading cause of child stunting worldwide. Sanitation
was one of the most off-track Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) globally. The
world missed the MDG target for sanitation by almost 700 million people. The
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), launched in 2015, include a target (SDG
6.2) to achieve access to adequate and equitable sanitation and hygiene for all
and end open defecation by 2030, paying special attention to the needs of women
and girls and those in vulnerable situations. To step up efforts to achieve
sanitation for all by 2030, the World Bank Group is aligning its efforts around
five priority themes.

Sustainability - Focusing on the multiple facets of sustainability (including
social, environmental, financial, and economic sustainability) to ensure that
results are sustained into the future. Although access to sanitation services
has improved during the MDG era, many countries struggle to maintain services -
often as a result of weak institutions and poor resource planning. In addition,
poor sanitation leads to pollution of shallow groundwater sources, thereby
polluting water supplies for many low income communities. Inclusion - Supporting
more inclusive approaches to provide sanitation to the poorest, the most remote,
and the most marginalized and those in rapidly expanding peri-urban areas. The
challenge of urban sanitation is particularly acute as it requires changing
mindsets towards a balanced mix of sewered and non-sewered solutions, creating
new institutional arrangements at the interface between municipalities,
utilities and private providers, inducing behavior change at the household
level, and developing new financing paradigms to channel capital and operational
subsidies.

Institutions - Enhancing community managed models in rural areas by providing
strong, institutionalized, technical and administrative back-up to those
community based organizations responsible for rural sanitation and water supply.
Improving governance and incentives for service providers in urban areas to
deliver greater accountability, efficiency and customer orientation. With rapid
urbanization, more work also needs to be done to develop new institutional
models that can keep up with rapidly changing environments. This also means
working more closely with small scale private providers, such as septic tank
emptiers, to leverage public capacity. Financing - Broadening the financing mix
to allow for more rapid expansion of sanitation facilities. This includes
mobilizing more concessional funds where possible and, at the same time,
improving the performance of service providers, making it easier for them to
access to commercial finance. Supporting expansion of microfinance, particularly
in rural areas, so that households can borrow to make investments in toilets.

Incentivizing the use of cost effective solutions and, finally, encouraging
better targeting of limited public funds to provide best returns for
communities. Resilience - Supporting the development of a clear strategy for
influencing water, sanitation and hygiene policy, shaping investments, and
recommending solutions to countries, to fill the global knowledge gap in how to
build climate resilient water supply and sanitation services. Recent World
Recent World Bank country support demonstrating solutions to move toward
sanitation for all by 2030: In Lao PDR, the Community-Led Total Sanitation
(CLTS) approach, combined with sanitation marketing tools, led to a 32% increase
in sanitation access in 266 villages, eight times faster than the national rural
average of 2.6% per year from 2014 to 2016. Through this support, 113 villages
were declared open defecation free and almost 40,000 people gained access. In
Haiti, the National Direction of Water and Sanitation (DINEPA) launched a
roadmap to raise awareness and encourage households to build or improve their
own latrines. As part of this strategy, DINEPA doesn't grant any direct
subsidies to households for buying a toilet; instead, it provides them with
consulting ser vices for the construction of latrines.

In India, a US$1.5 billion World Bank loan is supporting the Government of
India's Swachh Bharat Mission in its efforts to ensure that all citizens in
rural areas have access to improved sanitation with the goal of ending the
practice of open defecation in the country by 2019. The program incentivizes
latrine and toilet construction through a focus on changing behaviors and
stimulating demand. In Egypt, the US$550 million Sustainable Rural Sanitation
Services Program for Results is enhancing access to sanitation services for poor
people in small towns while addressing the pollution of the Nile from untreated
sewage. The Program aims at empowering local service delivery and connecting the
rural and small town poor to working sanitation systems in the Delta
governorates of Daqahliya, Sharqiya, and Beheira in Lower Egypt. In Mozambique,
at the request of the Maputo Municipal Council, inclusive sanitation options
have been identified for households not connected to the limited sewerage
system.

This pilot has led to a request for World Bank financing for urban sanitation
projects which will promote sustainable solutions to on-site sanitation.
Projects which similarly address the challenges of on-site sanitation at scale
are either under implementation or preparation in Ghana, Bangladesh, Benin,
Tanzania, Indonesia and Ethiopia, among other countries. In Bangladesh, as part
of a broader technical assistance program, the Water and Sanitation Program is
working with leading microfinance institutions to develop specialized sanitation
loan products. These can help the many households in rural Bangladesh which do
not have sufficient cash on hand to upgrade to improved sanitation, but can
afford the cost if they are able to spread it over time. Following initial
successes, the approach is now being expanded through a US$3 million GPOBA
grant. Together with civil society organizations like Global Citizen, the UN,
and others in the development community, the World Bank Group supports efforts
to advocate for high level political attention to ensure sanitation is
prioritized in a way that ensures the SDGs are met.

This World Toilet Day, over 100,000 people are gathering in person at the MMRDA
Grounds in Mumbai for the first-ever Global Citizen Festival in India, with an
incredible lineup of international and Indian headliners including Jay Z,
Coldplay and the Bollywood star Aamir Khan, to mobilize social change in
sanitation, clean water, education and gender equality. Follow @WorldBankWater
for the latest updates on sanitation campaigns around #WorldToiletDay.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                 The Sunday Star-Times (Auckland, New Zealand)

                            October 18, 2009 Sunday

Nelson's solar plan may spur other cities

BYLINE: CAIRNS Lois

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 628 words


NELSON'S BID to harness the sun and become the country's first "solar centre"
could spark a new wave of investment in alternative energy sources around the
country, environmentalists hope.

Tomorrow Nelson launches its innovative Solar Saver Scheme, which will see up to
$9 million spent over the next three years installing solar hot water systems in
1700 of the city's homes. If the scheme proves successful, the offer could be
extended to businesses as well.

"It will put Nelson on the map not only for its sunshine but also for its
innovation to become New Zealand's first solar city," said Nelson City
councillor Derek Shaw.

Nelson, at the top of the South Island, boasts New Zealand's highest average
sunshine hours - 2500 hours annually - making it the ideal place to use solar
energy to supplement the electricity supply.

Under the Solar Saver Scheme, home-owners in the Nelson City area can get a loan
to cover the cost of installing a solar hot water system and take 10 years to
pay it off as part of their rates bill.

Those who sign up for the scheme are also eligible for a $1000 grant from
central government via the Energy Efficiency and Conservation Authority (EECA)
to reduce the cost of their system.

The scheme is the first of its kind in New Zealand and is already attracting
interest from around the country and overseas.

Interest from Nelson home- owners has been so high that the city council is
having to hold a ballot to select the first 200 homes to participate.

Typically solar water heaters cost between $4000 and $8000 installed. In general
they are more expensive to install in an existing house than in a new house.

The exact amount you save from solar water heating depends on a wide range of
factors including how much hot water you use, the solar water heating system you
install, and the quality of the installation.

But it has been estimated that, for an average household, an effective system
will:

* Provide between 50-75% of annual hot water needs.

* Cut about 2200kWh from annual electricity use.

* Provide savings of $350-$450 a year.

Nelson mayor Kerry Marshall said the scheme allowed people to switch to solar
now and repay the cost while they reaped the benefits of saving on the cost of
electric water heating.

"The boost the solar industry will receive is also likely to have a great flow
on effect for many Nelson businesses."

Applauding Nelson's initiative, Green Party energy spokeswoman Jeanette
Fitzsimons hoped other cities would follow Nelson's lead.

"It may flow over eventually to a similar scheme for solar electricity. That has
been much too expensive up to now but the price has come down quite markedly. It
is getting to the stage where it will soon be cost competitive with
electricity," Fitzsimons said.

"I see it as a start of a programme where homes actually become energy
generators rather than just energy consumers."

Fitzsimons admitted that in the past solar hot water systems had delivered mixed
benefits to households but said considerable work had been done to improve their
performance.

"We have really tightened up a lot of things around the industry so that
households will get a quality product," Fitzsimons said.

"We were concerned when we started to find that a lot of systems were being put
in by people with no training in solar, even if they were qualified plumbers.

"A lot of systems were being badly installed and were not saving a lot of
energy. We now have training schemes throughout the country and there are now
also quality standards for the panels and performance measurements for the
systems . . . so that we know the consumer is getting quality."

--------------------

CAPTION:

Nelson's record of 2500 hours of sunshine each year makes it the perfect
launch-pad for a solar energy campaign.

Picture: James Shook

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                             March 05, 2013 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

Prudent policies keep SA on course

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 917 words


At the height of the global economic crisis several countries found themselves
floundering with their economies on the verge of collapse. Like a rudderless
ship they were being pounded mercilessly by wave after wave of negative economic
news.

South Africa, as part of the global community also had to face the rough seas of
the global economic turmoil, but while others floundered and edged toward their
fiscal cliff, our ship sailed steadily forward as a result of prudent economic
policies.

Under President Jacob Zuma, we charted a course to ride out the global recession
and adopted a counter-cyclical approach of spending to help stimulate the
economy.

While the economy grew, albeit at a slower pace - growth in gross domestic
product slowed to 2.5 percent last year and is predicted to grow at 2.7 percent
this year - we remain in a much better position than some economies in the
developed world.

In this year's Budget the government is again steering the country away from the
turbulent waters through controlling expenditure and seeking to stimulate the
economy.

In presenting it, Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan said: "The 2013 Budget is
presented in challenging times, but against the background of a new strategic
framework for growth and development. This is a budget in which there is limited
room for expansion, yet there are significant opportunities for change."

The government has made adjustments to remain within its spending envelope. New
expenditure has been significantly curtailed, while spending increases have been
capped at 2.3 percent a year over the next three years.

These measures are necessary to counter the drop in revenue of R16.3 billion
that is a result of slower growth due to the global economic recession, lower
commodity prices and instability in the mining sector.

In real terms our spending plans have been reduced by R10.4bn through
reprioritisation, savings and a draw-down on our contingency reserve.

Gordhan emphasised: "The government is committed to remaining within the
expenditure ceiling set out in the Budget. New policy initiatives over|the next
three years will be financed from savings, efficiency gains and
reprioritisation."

In instances where programmes are not performing or not aligned to the
government's core priorities, money will be taken away and distributed to
programmes that are delivering.

The government's procurement system will also be overhauled to become more
efficient. A project team seconded from the private and public sector will begin
enhancing the system.

This will include the setting of fair value prices for certain goods and
service, while those responsible for infringing procurement rules will be
investigated. To stimulate the economy, the government is calling on business to
partner with it in investing in the economy. It is estimated that corporates are
holding more than R500bn in un-invested cash.

We are supporting investment through incentives such as the Special Economic
Zone programme, which will offer a lower tax rate to businesses in such zones.

This year the Manufacturing Competitiveness Enhancement Programme has been
funded to the tune of R1.7bn to assist manufacturers with their competitiveness
and ensure job retention.

The government is also encouraging local businesses to expand into Africa to
support the continent's growth and in turn support our own.

We will introduce measures to relax cross-border financial regulations and tax
requirements on companies.

Our investment in developing large-scale infrastructure also presents
opportunities for business to invest and grow.

The government has committed R827bn over the next three years through the fiscus
and state enterprises to infrastructure development.

Also, the Presidential Infrastructure Co-ordination Commission is considering
R3.6bn in other projects in the long term.

The national Budget also supports poor households through social spending,
accounting for 60 percent of our expenditure. The Budget provides social grants
to nearly a third of the population and pays for their services at public health
facilities and the provision of water and electricity.There are no-fee schools
for the poor.

This year almost 60 percent of all households will receive a subsidy of R275 a
month for the provision of free basic services. Over the next three years R277bn
will be allocated to local government in support of the subsidy.

The 2011 Census results clearly demonstrate how our social spending is changing
lives, more than 36 percent of households have access to free clean water, 26
percent have access to free basic electricity and 23 percent to free sanitation.
Since 2008 the amount spent on housing and community amenities has increased by
more than 16 percent a year and the government has provided more than 1.5
million free homes.

We have earmarked funds over the next three years to provide sanitation services
to 36 742 rural households and 119 223 housing loans through the microfinance
programme.

The impact of our social grant programme cannot be overemphasised; it provides a
safety net for communities who would otherwise be devastated by poverty.

The number of grant beneficiaries is expected to increase from nearly 16 million
last year to 17.2 million in 2015.

The government is confident that our fiscal policies are sound and we are
equipped to continue moving forward in our quest to ensure a better life for
all.

l Williams is acting chief executive officer of the Government Communication and
Information System and cabinet spokeswoman.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

WB okays $138m to improve efficiency of Sindh irrigation

SECTION: Vol. XXVIII No. 289

LENGTH: 412  words


The World Bank approved $138 million additional financing to the Sindh Water
Sector Improvement Project to further improve the efficiency and effectiveness
of the irrigation water distribution system of three Area Water Boards (Ghotki,
Nara and Left Bank) in the Sindh province.

Sindh is one of the primary beneficiaries of Indus Basin Irrigation System with
three major barrages that divert some 48 million acre feet of water annually to
the 14 main canal commands in the province.  Sindh is one of the poorest regions
of the country, and 56 percent of household income in Sindh comes from
agriculture, directly or indirectly.  The project covers over 1.8 million ha of
irrigated land, benefiting over 600,000 farmhouseholds or over 3.6 million
people. "Harnessing the development potential of the Indus Basin Irrigation
System one of the world's largest integrated irrigation network  is essential to
Pakistan's agriculture sector, which is a major source of employment in the
country," said Rachid Benmessaoud, World Bank, Country Director for Pakistan.
"The additional financing will help increase agricultural productivity,
employment and incomes in more than 30 percent of the irrigated area in the
province."

The project will cover rehabilitation of key hydraulic infrastructure, main and
branch canals, and distributaries and minors that were covered under the scope
of the original project but could not be undertaken because of cost escalation
and impact of successive 2010 and 2011 floods, hence the need for additional
funds.  It will also address the systemic issues of the irrigation and drainage
sector leading to its sustainability in the long run. The project's ultimate
objective is to deepen the institutional reforms that are already underway in
Sindh.

"The additional financing will further support the Sindh Irrigation and Drainage
Authority in improving the irrigation service delivery to about 600,000 farm
households, with special focus on reliability, equity, and user satisfaction",
said Abdulhamid Azad, the Task Team Leader of the project. "The project promotes
equitable distribution of irrigation water and boosts shared prosperity by
increasing farmers' income and reducing their vulnerability to future droughts."

The credit is financed from the International Development Association (IDA), the
World Bank Group's grant and lowinterest arm. It will be on standard IDA terms,
with a maturity of 25 years, including a grace period of 5 years.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Zimbabwean

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Dutch companies awarded Maputo water contact

BYLINE: Staff Reporter<br />Name

LENGTH: 474  words


The Dutch companies Royal HaskoningDHV and Vitens Evides International have been
awarded a contract to work on a project to supply drinking water in Mozambique's
capital city Maputo.

The two companies will design a new water distribution system for northern
Maputo which will eventually supply safe drinking water to 550,000 residents and
20,000 households.

The contract was awarded by Mozambique's Water Supply Investment and Assets Fund
(FIPAG) for the implementation of all services required for the development
phase of the project that will be funded by the Dutch government. The contract
is worth 2.2 million euros (just under three million US dollars).

The water distribution system will be part of the Corumana Water Supply System,
a 130 million dollar project funded by the World Bank through a loan to the
Mozambique government.

The Corumana Water Supply System will initially supply 60,000 cubic metres per
day of treated drinking water to Maputo from the Corumana Dam on the Sabie
River. This capacity will be extended during a second phase to 120,000 cubic
metres per day.

The distribution system will cover an area of about 900 square kilometres. Royal
HaskoningDHV and Vitens Evides International will design the system with four
new distribution centres and 192 kilometres of primary and secondary
distribution pipes connecting 20,000 household to the water supply for the first
time.

The consortium will also draw up the tender documents for the construction of
the distribution system. The design phase is due to end in April next year, with
building work scheduled to begin before the end of 2014.

The Dutch government will fund the construction phase with a grant of around 20
million euros, and will pay for the system's operation and maintenance for the
first decade, costing around one million euros.

According to Royal HaskoningDHV's project director, Bob Bakker, "the new
sustainable urban water supply system will provide good quality drinking water
for more than half a million inhabitants in northern Maputo. The new system will
improve drinking water quality and quantity, and will reduce the costs per litre
for the inhabitants that now depend on unreliable sources".

Bakker added, "it is exciting to have the opportunity to provide a system that
will make a real difference to the quality of lives of so many people, and help
to enhance the Maputo community in such a positive way".

Currently the cities of Maputo and Matola and the adjacent areas rely on the
Umbeluzi River for their water supply. But the system based on the Umbeluzi
treatment station is no longer sufficient to meet the growing demand for water.

The Dutch government previously contributed 18.6 million euros to the expansion
of the Umbeluzi system, a project which increased the number of people
benefitting from this system from 670,000 to 1.5 million.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1286


                         Copyright 2013 The Zimbabwean
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            August 9, 1995 Wednesday

LENGTH: 261 words


FARGO (AP) -- Federal budget cuts passed by Congress will create longer delays
for rural utility projects and low-income housing loans, a top U.S. Department
of Agriculture official says. The House has voted to cut the budget for
low-income housing loans from $934 million a year to $550 million, said Wally
Beyer, administrator of the USDA's Rural Utilities Service. Beyer was manager of
Verendrye Electric Cooperative in Velva for 30 years before taking a job at USDA
in November 1993. Beyer said some low income people are waiting an average of
more than three years to get home loans under the program -- and those delays
will lengthen if the funding is cut.

""There's as much poverty in rural America as there is in urban America,'' Beyer
said. ""In my home county of McKenzie County, the average household income is
about $13,000.'' The Rural Utilities Service has a $2.7 billion annual budget,
of which $1.3 billion goes toward telecommunications and electrification
programs. ""Water, and waste water programs in particular have been cut by the
House by 30 percent,'' Beyer said. The 1995 budget was $830 million for water
and waste water loans and another $500 million for grants. The House would cut
that by 30 percent to about $900 million. ""We have an annual backlog on water
and waste water of about $2.6 billion for loan requests and about $1.2 billion
in grant requests,'' Beyer said. The loans and grants go to communities with
populations of 10,000 and fewer, and rural water systems. ""With the backlog
we're carrying now we can't keep up,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1995 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             October 3, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

State's finances in best shape since the big crash

BYLINE: Colm Kelpie

SECTION: NEWS; FRONT PAGE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 380 words


THE State's finances remain on track for the best Budget since the crash.

Exchequer Returns for September show the State has collected about (EURO)2bn
more in taxes so far this year than the same period in 2013. The tax take is
2.5pc ahead of target for the year to date, with income tax and VAT returns
healthier than expected.

The figures are the final set of Exchequer Returns before the Budget is due to
be delivered in less than a fortnight and give the most up-to-date picture of
the State's finances.

In a joint statement, Finance Minister Michael Noonan and Public Expenditure and
Reform Minister Brendan Howlin said the data was evidence of the "significant
progress" that had been made in stabilising the economy.

"Nevertheless, it remains the case that we still have a deficit in our public
finances that we must continue to be vigilant and disciplined in our management
of the public finances," they said.

Target Income tax and corporation tax are both below target for the month of
September, but monthly data can be volatile. Mr Noonan has said that the Budget
will be "broadly neutral", with the only new austerity measures likely to be
water charges. He also told the Dail yesterday that he was looking at the tax
system, signalling the possibility of some concessions.

Davy stockbrokers said the Exchequer data reinforced the case for a neutral
Budget.

"That said, Irish households will be hit by water charges in 2015 worth
(EURO)200-300m," said Davy analyst Conall MacCoille. "The water charges are, in
effect, a tax increase on households but may not be included in the Budget 2015
announcements."

a "  Alan McQuaid of Merrion Stockbrokers said the Government should be in a
position to make tax concessions for workers. "The economy is on course to grow
by 5pc or more in real terms this year and around 4.5pc in 2015, which should
boost tax receipts," he said.

But Peter Vale, tax partner at Grant Thornton, struck a more cautious note.
"There is increasing external pressure from the EU and IMF, and from some closer
to home, to maintain a prudent position. What had looked like being a neutral
Budget, with many seeing their tax bills falling, now looks less certain. It's
possible that many of the promised tax reductions will be deferred until this
time next year."

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                January 31, 2016

Coalition expects index-linked water tariffs to pass EU test

BYLINE: Michael Brennan

LENGTH: 318 words



HIGHLIGHT: Charges were due to expire at the end of 2018 but will be kept up to
2021


Fine Gael and Labour insist they can keep capped water charges in place for five
more years without failing a crucial European statistical test.

The coalition parties plan to extend the current system of capped charges of
(EURO)160 for a single-person household and (EURO)260 for a two-person household
. They were due to expire at the end of 2018, paving the way for fully metered
charges.

But they will now be kept up to 2021, which will cover the full term of the next
government, although they will rise in line with inflation to ensure there is
enough funding for Irish Water's (EURO)4 billion capital development programme
of water services. Fine Gael and Labour also intend to keep the (EURO)100 water
conservation grant in place.

Fine Gael and Labour sources insist their plan to continue with capped water
charges will not affect a renewed push to put Irish Water off the state's
balance sheet.

EU statistical agency Eurostat ruled last year that Irish Water was
state-controlled, which means that its borrowing is counted as part of the
national debt.

Senior Fine Gael sources said Eurostat had been worried about the lack of
evidence of payment by Irish Water's 1.5 million customers. "By 2021, there will
be a track record of revenue," said one.

Irish Water will have to prove that more than 50 per cent of its revenue is
coming from household and business customers to pass Eurostat's market
corporation test.

"We're confident that if Irish Water implements its business plan, it will
increase compliance and reduce costs. The market corporation test can be
passed," said another senior Fine Gael source.

Labour is also in favour of extending the capped water charges up to 2021. A
party source said it would ensure that the charges remained affordable during
the lifetime of the next government.

"It gives more time [for]Irish Water to develop a degree of public trust," said
a senior Labour source.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Corning Observer (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 23, 2015 Thursday

Training Center receives intern drought grant

BYLINE: Corning Observer, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 374 words


July 23--The Job Training Center recently received a National Emergency Grant
aimed at creating temporary jobs in drought affected areas and providing
manpower to benefit drought relief efforts. As part of the grant, interns will
be placed with public agencies and non-profits working on a wide variety of
projects.

"It feels good to be doing something proactive concerning the drought," said
Kathy Sarmiento, CEO of the Job Training Center. "This grant creates a win-win
situation, helping accomplish drought projects and employing job seekers."The
grant will allow the Job Training Center to provide wages, workers compensation,
drug screening and monitoring.

Examples of possible projects include fire risk prevention; community education;
water system maintenance/improvement; water use data collection; stream habitat
mapping; invasive species eradication and studies; erosion control;
administrative tasks associated with drought relief; water reduction efforts;
sod removal; planting/designing drought resistant landscapes; and installing
water-saving irrigation systems.

"Right now we are working on locating projects and recruiting interns who would
like several months of work experience, a paycheck and a chance to help a
drought project," Sarmiento said.

Interns must meet one of the grant eligibility guidelines:

--Unemployed or underemployed because of the drought.

--Individuals in households whose incomes have been reduced due to unemployment
or reduced employment changes attributable to the drought.

--Long term unemployed individuals residing in a drought affected area.

The internships will range between two-six months and can be part-time or
full-time. The Job Training Center is hoping to start interns immediately.

Agencies with projects who would like to learn more can call 529-7000 and ask
for Kathy Garcia or email kgarcia@jobtrainingcenter.org

The request for positions can be found at www.jobtrainingcenter.org.

Job seekers interested in internships are encouraged to visit the Job Training
Center at 718 Main St., Red Bluff, or call 529-7000.

___ (c)2015 the Corning Observer (Corning, Calif.) Visit the Corning Observer
(Corning, Calif.) at www.appeal-democrat.com/corning_observer/ Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150723-YF-Training-Center-receives-intern-drought-grant-0723-20150723

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YF


                        Copyright 2015 Corning Observer


                              990 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           January 9, 2013 Wednesday

Solar panels help East Contra Costa sanitation district save on PG&E bills

BYLINE: By Eve Mitchell Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 473 words


ANTIOCH -- Solar panels are helping Delta Diablo Sanitation District generate
big savings on its Pacific Gas & Electric bills.

Since May, almost 1,000 panels installed on nine individual carport structures
covering a 75-space parking lot have been providing most of the electricity used
by the district's adjacent two-story administration building.

"We paid on the order of $120,000 per year for electricity on that building,"
before the solar photovoltaics were installed, said Dean Eckerson, principal
engineer for the district, which provides sewage treatment, household hazardous
waste disposal services and street sweeping for 52,000 households in Antioch,
Bay Point and Pittsburg.

Now, the district expects its yearly power costs will be about $10,000 for the
administration building, which also includes laboratories for testing water
quality of discharged wastewater, mechanical equipment repair and warehouse
facilities.

On an annual basis, the district's 421-kilowatt solar project is expected to
provide enough energy to power 58 single-family homes. It is the first solar
project installed by the district, which is looking into adding a second such
project on its property.

The panels, along with the carports that they sit upon, were installed over a
six-month period at a total project cost of $2.85 million. A $650,000 grant from
the California Solar Initiative, which is funded by ratepayers from PG&E,
Southern California Edison and San Diego Gas & Electric, will help offset
project costs over a five-year period.

But beyond the grant money, the district will be saving more than $100,000 a
year from lower PG&E bills, Eckerson said.

Having a solar system also lets the district export some of its surplus energy
back to the grid.

"There are times of the day and the year when we over generate, and PG&E is
crediting us the value back on the bill," he said.

Paying less for electricity is among many factors that the district will take
into consideration when setting rates in the future. And while rates aren't
expected to decrease going forward, having lower energy costs for the
administrative building could potentially offset other rising operational costs.

"This lowers one portion of operating costs," Eckerson said. "Ultimately, it
would be reflected in the rates, but it's just one component."

Plans are under way for a second solar project for the district's recycled water
facility, which would provide up to 70 percent of the facility's energy needs.

Delta Diablo is among a growing number of PG&E customers deriving energy from
the sun.

"We've connected solar facilities for more than 75,000 residences and businesses
throughout our service area," PG&E spokesman Jason King said. "It is by far the
most of any utility in the United States."

Contact Eve Mitchell at 925-779-7189. Follow her onTwitter.com/EastCounty_Girl .

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                          September 23, 2004 Thursday

No-man's land;
Far East subdivision can't find anyone to supply running water

BYLINE: By Adriana M. Chavez, El Paso Times

SECTION: BORDERLAND; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 633 words


El Paso Times

For about 20 years, the Sustaita family has been struggling without proper water
connections in their home in far East El Paso, while other residents a few
blocks away have running water.

"People who don't know think we're connected to a city (water) system," said
Felipe Sustaita, who lives in the Tierras de Oro subdivision off of Zaragoza
Road. Sustaita's home on Azogue Avenue is just a few yards from the city limits.

Sustaita and about 14 other families in the subdivision have long voiced their
concerns to county commissioners, including Miguel Teran, and say they're
frustrated at the lack of response.

"We pay taxes just like everyone else," Sustaita said in Spanish. "They tell us
if we want water, we would have to pay $60,000 a family. That's impossible for
us. I might as well buy a new home with water service."

Teran said Tierras de Oro is a "forgotten" subdivision, just like about 20 other
subdivisions in the county.

"It's kind of a no-man's land," Teran said. "It doesn't belong to any of the
water districts. They were excluded when some of the water districts were
created."

Teran said he tried meeting with Public Service Board members about augmenting
the number of water connections allowable under contract with the county, but in
order for that to happen, the PSB and the county would have to apply for state
grants. Teran said grants are awarded based on the number of households affected
by the lack of water, and are very competitive among cities like El Paso, Laredo
and Zapata. Those factors work against residents of Tierras de Oro, Teran said.

"The people in those communities don't really have any hope," Teran said. "The
number of people isn't enough to create political pressure to create an interest
to fund them."

Families like the Sustaitas pay almost $100 a month for water supply companies
like Mountain View Water Supply to deliver about three tanks full. The water is
poured into larger plastic or steel tanks in the backyards of homes. Pipes,
often constructed and maintained by residents, are located under the tank and
connect to the home.

Rebecca Anguiano, 42, who has lived in the subdivision for about four years,
said in order to have water delivered, residents must call at least a day in
advance. Residents also have gas delivered for heating their homes.

"If we forget (to call), we're left without water," Anguiano said.

Genoveva Fernandez has lived in the area for about eight years, and said water
levels in the tanks must be constantly watched to avoid any problems.

"It's a problem when you run out of water completely," Fernandez said in
Spanish. "If the tank runs empty, it breaks the water pump and you have to
replace it."

Fernandez said because of the lack of water in the area, she can't sell parcels
of land she owns near her home.

Teran said county officials do plan to look at the problem in the future, but it
probably won't be solved anytime soon.

"We realize it would need to be addressed sooner or later, but all we're doing
right now is looking at it," Teran said. "We need to work with (residents) and
hopefully develop a long-range plan, but it's difficult to prioritize their
properties when there are subdivisions with a lot more people in the same boat."

Access to water

. A report published last year by the Texas Safe Water Project showed that 5.81
percent of 106,273 residents are unserved by a public water system, and 34.4
percent are unserved by public sewerage.

. Some regions have more people without water service than others: Lower Valley,
10.7 percent; Northwest, 4.1 percent; and East Side, 1.7 percent.

. Health officials have said people without potable water are suspectible to
water-borne diseases, such as hepatitis A, salmonellosis and shigellosis.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2004 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              992 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 16, 2012 Wednesday

Waterline could cost $600K less

BYLINE: Tiffany Y. Latta, Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 431 words


May 16--SPRINGFIELD -- A waterline that could connect nearly 300 Limecrest
residents to the city's water system could cost about $600,000 less than
expected.

Clark County officials reviewed bids for the Limecrest Water System on Tuesday
with the lowest bid coming in at nearly $1.7 million from Associated Excavating,
based in Brookville. The second lowest bid came from VTF Excavation of Celina at
about $1.8 million.

Officials say the waterline, originally estimated to cost $2.3 million, is
needed to improve water quality as residents have complained for years about
brown, rusty water.

Clark County Department of Utilities officials might ask commissioners to
approve construction of the waterline at the end of the month, said Chuck Bauer,
deputy director of the utility department.

"I think it would be an improvement to the water quality and it would provide
them with fire protection, which is another major thing," Bauer said.

As of Tuesday, between 120 to 130 of the 286 Limecrest households currently
connected to sanitary sewers were in favor of the waterline, he said.

At least 10 percent of residents in the area are adamantly opposed to the
project, Bauer said.

Alice Godsey, director of the utilities department, has said that officials need
a minimum of 50 Limecrest residents to hook up to the city's water system in the
first year and about 150 by the third year to provide enough revenue to repay
the loan.

Commissioner John Detrick said on Tuesday he would vote in favor of the project
if utility officials get more residents to support it.

"We need a good chunk of them to agree to it before we can move forward,"
Detrick said.

If the project is approved, residents who choose to hook up to the city's water
supply would pay $1,125 for a connection charge and radio read meter in addition
to a plumbing permit fee, costs to hire a plumber and install a water service
line to their home and costs to abandon their private well.

Monthly bills for city water could range between $30 to $40 if at least 150
households agree to connect to the system, county officials said.

The utilities department spent about $69,500 on design plans last fall. The
department has since secured $1.1 million in funding for the project from an
Ohio Environmental Protection Agency zero-percent, 30-year loan and $400,000
from a grant from the Ohio Public Works Commission.

Construction could start in early July and be completed by June 2013, officials
said.

___ (c)2012 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio Visit Springfield News-Sun, Ohio at
www.springfieldnewssun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120516-1SP-Waterline-could-cost-600K-less-0516-20120516

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SP


                                 Copyright 2012


                              993 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          September 20, 2012 Thursday

Reaching out to Oklahoma tribes: Center to host wastewater and septic system
training seminars

BYLINE: M. Scott Carter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 509  words


The Rose State College Oklahoma Environmental Training Center and the
Environmental Protection Agency will host of series of wastewater and septic
system training seminars for tribal members, the center's environmental
coordinator said this week.

Bill Clark said Rose State would host its first seminar about on-site wastewater
treatment Oct. 23 and 24. A second training session is scheduled for Dec. 5 and
6 at Cameron University in Lawton. A third session is planned for April 2013 at
Tulsa Community College, but the date hasn't been determined yet.

Clark said the seminars were targeted to the state's 39 federally recognized
Native American tribes.

"We're working with Indian Health Services, tribal leaders and even the big
casinos," he said.

Clark said the seminars would focus on the treatment of household wastewater and
the use of advanced septic systems.

"The new advanced systems can treat wastewater well enough so that it can be
used to water your lawn," he said.

With new legislation allowing Oklahomans to use up to 250 gallons of gray water
(used household water that isn't sewage), the training sessions could supplement
the state's goal of increased water recycling. In 2012 the Oklahoma Legislature
passed a measure that set a goal of maintaining the state's present water usage
rate through 2060.

Clark said the program was funded by a $67,000 grant from the EPA.

Tribal leaders said the seminars offered them the chance to update their
training and explore new wastewater recycling technologies.

"We probably put in 50 to 60 septic systems per year," said Kurtis Silas,
director of environmental health for the Citizen Potawatomie Nation.

Silas said new technology has brought the treatment of household wastewater down
to the individual level.

"Many of the systems are computerized and are pretty complicated," he said. "But
they can get the water to the point you can use it to water your lawn. I think,
though, people are more comfortable with manual systems because they are easier
to operate. "

Silas' department provides services for tribal members in five counties located
in central Oklahoma.

Part of an ongoing effort by the EPA, the seminars are designed to provide
up-to-date information to tribal leaders and health officials. Clark said Rose
State was chosen for the project because it has hosted training for municipal
officials from water and wastewater utilities since 1975.

"This is the first time we've done the wastewater training for the tribes," he
said.

In addition to the sessions, Clark said the program provides 20 on-site
technical assistant visits.

"We have the chance to go out and help the tribal nations with their septic
issues," he said. "In Oklahoma, problems with wastewater treatment and septic
tanks are a growing concern. When you put in a septic system, because of the
soil and terrain, you might have to move to the advanced system and those are
more complicated. "

Yet even with new technology, Clark said some problems with septic systems
persist.

"You still have to have the tank pumped occasionally," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              994 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             April 29, 2007 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

Asbestos fibers in water produce worry, not action;
Hazard from pipes: Levels have been measured at 3,000 times acceptable limit.

BYLINE: STACY SHELTON; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1643 words


Richland --- Five years ago, the state warned this small town near Plains of a
potentially deadly problem in its drinking water.

Since then, cancer-causing asbestos fibers have measured more than 3,000 times
the level considered safe. The cause: fibers flaking off the insides of
decades-old water pipes made of cement mixed with asbestos.

"I'm not happy drinking this tea," said Mayor Adolph McLendon, lifting a full
glass over lunch recently at the Whistle Stop Cafe, the liveliest spot on the
town's dusty main street. "They tell you it won't hurt you, but they tell you a
lot of things. They told us the pipes were good, too."

That reassurance came in 1997, when the state Environmental Protection Division
first learned about the asbestos-and-cement pipes. Officials tested and told
Richland that levels of asbestos found in the water were too low to worry about.

State engineers made some recommendations then closed their investigation,
saying they might come back to retest. McLendon applied for a $500,000 state
grant to start replacing the pipes, but was denied.

It was five years before EPD returned. By then, in 2002, the pipes had started
to crumble. Asbestos fibers in one water sample were more than seven times the
safe limit.

Things would get far worse.

Gauging the risk

Richland's situation is the worst case of asbestos-contaminated water ever seen
in the state, but other communities could be at risk. As many as 300 water
systems in Georgia have some asbestos-and-cement pipes.

The state does not require water systems to regularly test for asbestos --- even
those known to have pipes manufactured with it. And some communities may not
even know their pipes contain asbestos, which was first added to cement in the
1930s to strengthen pipes.

Richland did not discover its 40-year-old pipes contained asbestos until fibers
began clogging filters and water meters.

Asbestos-and-cement pipe was the most common kind of water pipe installed across
the nation during the 1950s and 1960s. The pipe poses no health threat as long
as it's maintained. But in Richland's case, the area's naturally acidic water
scours the inside of the pipes, causing asbestos fibers to break loose.

Inhaling asbestos fibers is known to cause lung disease and cancer, but little
is known about the health effects from swallowing asbestos fibers.

The federal Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry warns that some
communities with asbestos fibers in their drinking water have had
"higher-than-average death rates from cancer of the esophagus, stomach and
intestines."

There's no indication of an unusually high number of cancer deaths in Richland,
but asbestos-related illnesses can take years to develop.

Richland, about 35 miles south of Columbus, is an old railroad town that trains
long ago stopped passing through. A small regional hospital, a four-county
nursing home and a farming center keep the car traffic coming --- barely.

The town is one of the poorest in the state. Nearly a quarter of its 1,700
residents live in poverty, and most receive Social Security payments or some
form of government help. The average household income is less than $25,000 a
year.

Costly problem

Ten years ago, the state recommended the town use lime and other chemicals to
reduce its water's acidity, which erodes the pipes.

It's hard to know whether the state's advice was followed. The state didn't
check in with the town from 1997 to 2002, and McLendon isn't sure.

What is clear is that asbestos fibers kept building up in the town's water
supply. In December 2003, a water sample showed asbestos fibers exceeded the
federal standard 3,132 times --- "a level never seen before," according to an
EPD letter.

As recently as February, a water sample taken from Richland had 728 times more
asbestos fibers than the limit considered safe by the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency.

Nonetheless, state records show the town for years disregarded EPD's prodding.
McLendon, 67, was mayor from 1975 to 1997. He said he left the post knowing the
pipes contained asbestos but believed the situation was being addressed.

When he took office again in 2006, he said he was surprised to learn that
three-quarters of the town's water delivery system --- more than two miles of
pipes --- still contained asbestos.

State Rep. Bob Hanner (D-Parrott), who represents Richland, said the town can't
afford to fix their water system. Nearly half the town's $1 million annual
budget already goes to maintaining the water system. And raising water rates to
do more would be tough, Hanner said.

Richland residents already pay $48.50 a month per household for water and sewer,
about $11 less than metro Atlantans.

"Most of the residents are either elderly or low-income, and you can't raise the
water rates," Hanner said.

Richland has borrowed nearly $2.3 million to pay for water system upgrades. The
town also received a $873,860 federal grant. But much more work is needed.
McLendon estimates finishing the job will cost at least $1 million more.

In the legislative session that ended earlier this month, lawmakers included
$850,000 for Richland in the state budget that starts July 1. Sen. George Hooks
(D-Americus), who pushed for the money, said he counts it as "a real blessing.
... Let's go ahead and start rolling."

'They should let us know'

To alert Richland's residents of the risk in their water, at least two public
notices about the high asbestos levels ran in the local newspaper, one in 2002
and the other in 2005. Information also has been included in water bills. Many
of the townsfolk avoid drinking the water, but not everyone got the message.

A group of men sitting under a shade tree in Richland on a recent afternoon said
they were only vaguely aware of a problem with their drinking water.

Elbert Geddis, 48, who works at the Pic 'n Sav, said he's noticed a lot of
people buying bottled water. He and his friends drink from the tap.

"They should let us know about [the asbestos]," Geddis said. "They should make
it their business to come around and discuss that with people."

In the late 1980s, after the public health risks associated with asbestos
surfaced, federal and state governments began to realize the pipes could pose a
problem. Across the United States, about 15 percent of water pipes are made with
asbestos, according to the American Water Works Association, a Denver-based
nonprofit group of water professionals.

Georgia hired geologist Wayne Fuller in the early 1990s to determine whether the
state was facing a crisis.

He surveyed more than 2,000 water providers in the state --- cities, counties,
nursing homes, country clubs and schools. Most, including Richland, said they
didn't have pipes made with asbestos.

About 300 water systems said at least some of their pipes contained asbestos,
including the cities of Atlanta, Cumming and Doraville and Cobb, Clayton and
Fulton counties.

The state found dangerous levels of asbestos fibers in the drinking water of
only three communities: Rockdale County, and the cities of Butler, southwest of
Macon, and Wrens, southwest of Augusta. All have since replaced their asbestos
pipes, according to EPD.

At any point, though, asbestos-and-cement pipes can start to break down, as they
did in Richland.

"That's just a fact of life that we have to deal with," Fuller said. "Any water
system is a mechanical device and can wear out over time. ... This is something
that we're constantly on the hunt for."

WHAT IS ASBESTOS?

Asbestos is a mineral fiber used to strengthen products and provide heat
insulation and fire resistance. The material was commonly used in household
goods until the 1970s.

ABOUT ASBESTOS

Which products may contain asbestos?

* Ductwork or piping for furnaces and air conditioners

* Simulated ashes and embers in gas log sets

* Vinyl floor tiles

* Automobile brake linings

* Artificial snow on Christmas trees

What are the health risks?

* Inhaling asbestos can increase the risk of cancer, especially in lungs, and
may cause asbestosis, a potentially deadly disease that causes shortness of
breath.

* There is evidence that swallowing asbestos fibers could lead to an increased
risk of gastrointestinal tumors.

* Some data --- still inconclusive --- indicate swallowing asbestos may be
associated with cancer of the esophagus, stomach and intestines.

Source: U.S. Agency for Toxic Substances & Disease Registry

--- Compiled by researcher Sharon Gaus and staff writer Stacy Shelton

A LOOK BACK

* Circa 1966: Richland builds a water distribution system using asbestos-lined
cement pipes.

* September 1993: In response to a survey, the Richland water system tells the
state its pipes are not made with asbestos.

* August 1997: State inspectors find asbestos fibers captured in a water filter,
but levels are too low to be a concern.

* September 2002: State regulators see "fibrous material" on a roadside, left
from flushing a water line. It's later found to be asbestos fibers.

* October: Tests show two of eight water samples exceed the federal maximum
level for asbestos of 7 million fibers per liter. One sample showed 45 million
fibers per liter.

* July 2003: EPD fines Richland $250 for violating the safe limits for asbestos
fibers in drinking water and orders the town to replace its water pipes.

* November-December: Asbestos measured in Richland's water soars to 22 billion
fibers per liter.

* March 2005: Richland starts to replace some of the asbestos-lined pipes using
a $1.15 million loan from the state.

* June: EPD notifies Richland it is out of compliance with two-year-old order to
provide plans for fixing the system. The U.S. Department of Agriculture loans
Richland $1.1 million and awards $873,860 grant.

* February 2007: In one water sample, asbestos fibers are measured at 5.1
billion per liter.

* March: EPD approves Richland's plans to replace remaining pipes.

* April: The Legislature includes $850,000 in the 2008 budget for Richland.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: STACY SHELTON / StaffRichland's City Hall, a refurbished train
depot, reflects the town's origins as a railroad town. Now it's off the beaten
track and most of its residents are old or poor./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: STACY SHELTON / StaffWalter Horne (from left), Elbert Geddis and Felton
Jordan said they were unaware of the high levels of asbestos fibers in the water
despite some public notification about the problem. Geddis, who works at a
grocery store, said sales of bottled water are up./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: STACY SHELTON / StaffMayor Adolph McLendon said he was surprised to
discover that 2 miles of pipe had not been replaced before his return to
office./ImageData* ImageData*
Map: SHANNON PEAVY / StaffMap pinpoints Richland, Ga. Inset map outlines area of
detail relative to Atlanta./ImageData*

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Chronology

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              995 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                             June 16, 2009 Tuesday
                               1 - State Edition

Spotlight on solar cash farce

BYLINE: JOE HILDEBRAND

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 309  words


GREEN energy rebates of up to $1600 are being given to households for ``bogus''
solar hot water systems that do not use a single watt of solar power.

The ``heat pump'' hot water systems, which use up to 1000W of electricity an
hour at peak times, are eligible for the Federal Government subsidy under the
``solar hot water rebate'' but do not use solar power.

Yet a gas system that may produce less carbon is banned from the rebate.

While the heat pump systems are more energy efficient than a purely
electric-powered hot water system, they are far less effective than a
solar-assisted system or a gas-only one.

The gas industry has called them ``bogus solar products'' and is lobbying for a
change to the law.

The rules were introduced by the Howard government but maintained with much
fanfare by the Rudd Government earlier this year as part of its $4 billion
energy efficient homes package. The legislation is intended to ensure that at
least 20 per cent of Australia's energy comes from renewable sources by 2020.

However, experts are critical that the numbers are rubbery because heat pumps
still use conventional energy and solar heaters generally do not put green
energy back into the grid.

Dr Iain MacGill from the University of NSW's Centre for Energy and Environmental
Markets said the laws were working against the environment they were attempting
to protect.

``There's no doubt that sometimes the policy frameworks put in place have
unintended consequences and this policy is an example of that,'' he said. ``It
was never clear that it was the right vehicle -- it isn't renewable electricity
for a start.''

A separate University of NSW engineering paper found that the heat pump systems
were only very efficient in larger households.

Climate Change Minister Penny Wong's office said that the program was consistent
with the Government's election commitment.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              996 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            March 1, 2017 Wednesday

Floating voters won't forget water charges farce

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 614 words


After four years of the hated Irish Water quango; battles over the installation
of 890,000 meters outside homes; the muddled billing of 1.5m people; and
political chaos over charging households, the money taken from people now looks
set to be refunded to those who paid their charges.

Furthermore, there is little appetite for an  excess  water use charge. Water
charges are finished.

That was the declaration from TDs across parties yesterday about pending
recommendations to the Dáil.

The dragged-out narrative about water charges will be mulled over for years. It
will make wasteful spending by previous governments look like small change when
the full amounts are totted up.

Initially, there were threats by the last government to reduce people s water
supply to a trickle; then there were water quotas for children; and finally
there was the farcical  conservation grant  to help pay for bills.

An Oireachtas committee examining the future of water charges now looks set to
recommend that the estimated 989,000 households who paid get some form of
refund.

It could be by cheque, a tax credit or through Revenue. The same conclusion
though will be reached: Attempts by the Fine Gael-Labour government to charge
for water have failed.

In fact, a decision to refund households is being declared a  victory  for anti-
water campaigners, who co-ordinated marches against the levy across the country.

Committee members are meeting this week to finalise a report which will go to
the Dáil and guide parties on how to vote on the future of water charges. This
decision must be made by the end of March as charges have been frozen only until
then.

As of last night, Fianna Fáil s position was that it is against any form of
future charge. It wants to end the metering programme, except for district
metering, and says EU water rules can be bypassed by funding services through
general taxation.

It must not be forgotten that Fianna Fáil backed the idea of water charges when
in power up until 2011, where even its election manifesto promised meters would
create thousands of jobs.

If bills are refunded, the next question is whether excessive water use will be
charged for in the future. Most TDs and senators in the committee seem opposed
to any future metering system or a possible excess water charge.

This is despite the country having already paid  500m to install meters for
almost 900,000 homes. Without a complete metering system, it is hard to see how
water usage per household will be measured.

District metering in Scotland is being mentioned as an alternative. But
abandonment of individual metering means any excess charge is unlikely.

There are many questions still to be answered, such as how households will be
incentivised to use less water or whether they will be punished for excessive
use.

And what about the meters in the ground; the demands by the EU that the
polluter pays ; and the ability to detect leaks on properties?

Water charging was tried in Dublin and collapsed in 1996. It now seems that for
a second time in around 20 years, another failed attempt to roll out charges has
come to an end.

Granted, the committee has yet to finish its report by March 13 and a Dáil vote
will follow. But the numbers in the committee and their positions, as of last
night, suggest a regime of future charges is finished.

This leads to the next situation. Under the confidence and supply agreement, the
Government must initiate legislation to scrap charges if the Dáil vote goes that
way.

Fianna Fáil s newfound position on water is likely to put the Fine Gael
government in an awkward position of having to scrap and refund bills it
introduced   something voters are unlikely to forget.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved
