
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Glasgow Daily Times (Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 24, 2010 Monday

Monroe County farm families eligible for FSA emergency loans

BYLINE: Gina Kinslow, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 467 words


May 24--GLASGOW -- Monroe County is one of seven counties in Kentucky where farm
families are eligible for Farm Service Agency emergency management loan
assistance due to the May 1-2 flooding.

"We had a lot of fence damage, about what Barren County had," said Dawn Gentry,
county FSA executive director. "We both asked for the same amount of money. We
had several fields that were covered in gravel bars. So far no one has turned in
any animals."

As for crops damaged in the flood, Gentry said there weren't very many affected,
she said.

Emergency management loans are made to farmers who own or operate land located
in a county declared federally as a disaster area or designated by the State
Secretary of Agriculture as a disaster area or quarantine area; are established
family farm operators and have sufficient farming or ranching experience; area
citizens or permanent residents of the United States; have suffered at least a
30 percent loss in crop production or a physical loss to livestock, livestock
products, real estate, or chattel property; have an acceptable credit history;
are unable to receive credit from commercial sources; can provide collateral to
secure the loan; and have repayment ability, according to a handout issued by
FSA.

Emergency management loans may be used to restore or replace essential property,
pay all or part of production costs associated with the disaster year; pay
essential family living expenses; reorganize the farming operation; and
refinance certain debts, the handout stated.

The loans are based on the amount of loss farmers sustained.

"We would have to asses what kind of loss to determine whether it is physical or
production loss," said Debbie Turner, farm loan officer with FSA.

Producers can qualify up to 100 percent of actual production or physical losses
or up to $500,000 in emergency loan funds, she said.

The current annual interest rate for emergency loans is 3.75 percent.

Agriculture Commissioner Richie Farmer advises Kentucky farmers affected by the
floods to seek relief.

"Kentucky farmers have lost thousands of acres of crops, and some had farm
equipment and fences damaged," he said in a press release. "I want them to know
they are not alone. There are several programs available through the Farm
Service Agency to assist them in their recovery."

For more information about emergency management loans, call 629-2081.

To see more of the Glasgow Daily Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.glasgowdailytimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100524-GK-Monroe-County-farm-families-eligible-for-FSA-emergency-loans
-0524

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GK


                       Copyright 2010 Glasgow Daily Times


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Oskaloosa Herald (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 24, 2008 Tuesday

Farm Service Agency loans available: Emergency low interest loans are available
to repair or replace damaged or destroyed physical property essential to the
success of farming operations.

BYLINE: Michael Schaffer, The Oskaloosa Herald, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 426 words


Jun. 24--OSKALOOSA -- Mahaska County Farm Service Agency, through the United
States Department of Agriculture, now has emergency loans available for eligible
farm families with qualifying production and other losses due to recent natural
disasters.

Physical loss low interest loans are available to repair or replace damaged or
destroyed physical property essential to the success of farming operations,
including farm buildings, fixtures, equipment, livestock, perennial or stored
crops, and fruit- and nut-bearing trees.

The Presidential Major Disaster Declaration amended on June 18 added 13 Iowa
counties as primary disaster areas, including Mahaska County, and was the
trigger mechanism for the loans. Forty-five counties contiguous to the 13 are
also considered part of the disaster area.

Joe Rieck, Mahaska County Farm Service Agency county executive director, said
qualifying production and physical losses have to be a result from severe
storms, tornadoes and flooding.

The incidence period for disaster losses started after May 25 and is continuing,
with Feb. 18 the last day to submit loan applications. Rieck said farmers who
think they might qualify should call the Mahaska County Farm Service Agency at
(641) 673-3476.

The amount of emergency loan money available for individual farms has yet to be
determined, he said.

"We're going through a time now where some of those limits are raising now, so I
don't know what they are for sure," Rieck said.

The interest rate for the emergency loans is 3.75 percent. Repayment for most
loans is seven years and can be for up to 40 years, if applied to replacement
for real estate fixtures.

Besides emergency loans, other Farm Service Agency programs will be available
because of the disaster declaration.

Rieck said the extent of those programs is still unclear because of the new Farm
Bill in Washington.

"But it looks like because of this declaration, we have three or four or five
programs that are going to become available," Rieck said. He mentioned programs
for debris cleanup and livestock losses.

Herald City Editor Michael Schaffer can be reached by email at
mschaffer@oskyherld.com

To see more of The Oskaloosa Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.oskaloosaherald.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Oskaloosa Herald, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080624-XZ-Farm-Service-Agency-loans-available-0624

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XZ


                                 Copyright 2008


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Corning Observer (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 17, 2012 Friday

Tehama County eligible for emergency farm loans

BYLINE: Corning Observer, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 248 words


Aug. 17--Tehama County is eligible for US Department of Agriculture emergency
farm loans because of damages and losses caused by the drought occuring Feb. 21
through May 14, according to the Farm Service Agency.

In all, 43 California counties and contiguous counties were named eligible for
the emergency loans, including Colusa, Glenn, Butte and Shasta.

Farmers in all named counties have eight months to apply for the loans to help
cover part of their actual losses. Some of the eligibility requirements are:

--Have suffered at least a 30 percent loss of normal production directly related
to the above-cited cause,

--Be able to repay the loan and any other loans,

--Be unable to obtain credit elsewhere,

--Have adequate security,

--Have multi-peril crop insurance, if available, and

--Meet other eligibility criteria.

All applicants must complete a certification of disaster losses, which reflects
the exact date and nature of the designated disaster and how it caused the loss
or damage. Crop insurance field reports may be a source for documenting losses
directly related to the cited cause.

The authorization for Farm Service Agency to accept emergency loan applications
under this authorization expires on March 12, 2013.

Applications should be filed with the FSA Service Center at 2 Sutter St., Red
Bluff, CA 95988 or call 527-3013.

___ (c)2012 the Corning Observer (Corning, Calif.) Visit the Corning Observer
(Corning, Calif.) at www.corning-observer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120817-YF-Tehama-County-eligible-for-emergency-farm-loans
-0817-20120817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YF


                        Copyright 2012 Corning Observer


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ottawa Herald (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 7, 2010 Friday

Farm damaged by winter storms? You may be eligible for emergency loan

BYLINE: The Ottawa Herald, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 343 words


May 7--Emergency loans are available for farmers in Franklin and surrounding
counties.

Farmers in Anderson, Coffey, Douglas, Franklin, Johnson, Linn, Miami, Osage and
Shawnee counties who suffered crop or livestock losses because of severe winter
storms and snowstorms Dec. 22 and Jan. 8 now can apply for Farm Service Agency
(FSA) emergency loans, FSA Farm Loan Manager Stacy L. Kull said in a news
release.

Applications for assistance will be accepted by FSA until Nov. 9.

FSA loans covering physical losses may be used to replace installations,
equipment, livestock or buildings, including homes, lost through this disaster,
Kull said.

FSA loans covering production losses may be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer,
livestock or to make payments on real estate and chattel debts, she said.

"Loans covering physical and/or production losses may be made at a 3.75-percent
interest rate and are scheduled for repayment as rapidly as feasible, consistent
with the applicant's reasonable ability to pay," Kull said.

To be eligible for an emergency disaster loan, an applicant must be operating a
family size farm or ranch, must be unable to get credit elsewhere and must have
suffered a qualifying physical and/or production loss from the disaster.

"Funds can also be used for other essential operating and living expenses," Kull
said.

Farmers who suffered at least a 30-percent reduction to at least one cropping
enterprise may have a qualifying production loss.  Emergency disaster production
loss loans cover 100 percent of qualifying losses.

Farmers and ranchers who think they may eligible should contact the FSA county
office in Ottawa at (785) 242-3527.

To see more of The Ottawa Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottawaherald.com Copyright (c) 2010, The Ottawa Herald, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100507-IQ-Farm-damaged-by-winter-storms-You-may-be-eligible-for-
emergency-loan-0507

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IQ


                        Copyright 2010 The Ottawa Herald


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Mineral Wells Index (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 20, 2008 Friday

Farmers, ranchers eligible for help as part of area disaster declaration

BYLINE: Libby Cluett, Mineral Wells Index, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 449 words


Jun. 20--Local farmers and ranchers affected by fires and high winds earlier
this year could be eligible for emergency loan assistance from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency.

"Palo Pinto County is included in a natural disaster area as designated by the
Secretary of Agriculture on May 15 according to information [I] received this
week," County Judge Mike Smiddy stated in a press release.

Ten counties, including Young County, comprise the primary disaster area, he
stated. In addition, 53 contiguous counties are included in the natural disaster
area for damages and losses caused by fires and high winds beginning on Jan. 1.

"This designation makes farm operators eligible to be considered for
low-interest emergency loans from the Farm Service Agency," Smiddy said. "Loan
applications will be received through Jan. 15, 2009 for production and physical
losses."

For details on the FSA loan program, contact Farm Loan Manager Cynthia Kruger at
the Erath County Farm Loan Program Team located in Stephenville. Her number is
(254) 965-3169.

Kruger said agricultural operators must meet certain eligibility and feasibility
requirements to be eligible for emergency loans through the FSA.

"The number one thing is a 'test for credit,'" she said. "If person who
sustained a loss is eligible for credit through regular commercial lenders, then
they are ineligible for FSA loan assistance."

"In order to be also eligible, you have to have shown you sustained a 30 percent
loss in what your operation does -- [for example] wheat, peanut, melons, cattle
or hay. This designation also covers physical losses," she added. "You have to
show proof that you had damage or losses.

The current interest rate on a regular direct FSA loan is 3.125 percent and the
emergency loan rate is 3.75, according to Kruger.

"There might not be a benefit to utilizing the emergency loan when the direct
loan has a lower interest rate," she said. "However, we are able to loan more
money through the emergency loan program; the maximum principle indebtedness is
$500,000. We now have a $300,000 cap for the direct loan program."

"The emergency loan program applicant must be willing to pledge any and all
assets for collateral for the debt until the loan is repaid," Kruger added.

To see more of the Mineral Wells Index or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mineralwellsindex.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Mineral Wells Index,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20080620-XW-Farmers-ranchers-eligible-for-help-as-part-of-area-disaster-declarat
ion-0620

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XW


                                 Copyright 2008


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            April 26, 2006 Wednesday

County eligible for USDA emergency farm loans

SECTION: BUSN; Pg. B03sc

LENGTH: 385 words


St. Charles County family farmers may be eligible to apply for low-interest
emergency loans from the Farm Service Agency (FSA) because the county is
adjacent to one designated by the U.S. Department of Agriculture as a primary
disaster county after a series of powerful storms swept across the state in
March. On March 24, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns declared 27 Missouri
counties - including Lincoln County - primary disaster areas following the
severe storms, tornadoes and flooding that occurred March 11 through 13. Another
55 counties, including St.

Charles and Warren counties, were named in the declaration because they are
contiguous to one or more of the primary disaster counties. "The Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act permits family farmers in counties that are
contiguous to a primary disaster county to apply for emergency loans if they
meet eligibility requirements," the FSA's Bob Noellsch said in a news release.
Noellsch is the agency's farm loan manager for St. Charles, Lincoln, Warren and
Pike counties. Emergency loan applications will be accepted through Nov. 24. To
be eligible, producers must have suffered at least a 30 percent loss in crop
production or a physical loss to livestock, livestock products, real estate or
chattel. They must also have an acceptable credit history, be able to provide
collateral, be able to repay the loan and be unable to obtain credit from
commercial sources. Noellsch said eligible producers could borrow up to 100
percent of actual production or physical losses, to a maximum amount of
$500,000. Loans for crop, livestock and non-real estate losses usually are
repaid in one to seven years. Loans for physical losses to real estate usually
are repaid in 30 years. The current interest rate for emergency loans is 3.75
percent. "We look at each loan application on its own merits, taking into
account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability,"
Noellsch said. FSA emergency loans may be used to restore or replace essential
property, pay production costs associated with the disaster year, pay essential
family living expenses, reorganize the farming operation and refinance certain
debts. For more information, visit the agency's Web site at www.fsa.usda.gov or
call Noellsch at (573) 324-3313, extension 2.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 6, 2008 Monday

County farmers may get emergency loans

BYLINE: Vershal Hogan, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 305 words


Oct. 6--NATCHEZ -- Farmers, ranchers and other producers in the area may be
eligible for emergency loans following the recent presidential disaster
declaration.

Adams County was one of eight Mississippi counties that are included in the
areas eligible for aid following the presidential declaration of disaster in the
wake of Hurricane Gustav, Farm Service Agency Farm Loan Manager David K. Smith
said in a statement.

The loans will be available through the Lincoln and Pike County office of the
Farm Service Agency.

Those who qualify for the emergency loans have the option of borrowing as much
as 100 percent of their actual production loss, or they may borrow whatever
amount is needed to return their operation to its condition before the disaster,
depending on which one is less.

However, the loans and the principal outstanding balance of any other loan owned
by an individual borrower or a borrower within a business entity cannot exceed
$500,000.

Loans from the Farm Service Agency are designed to cover losses from designated
disasters, and are offered to farmers who cannot obtain credit from other
lending agencies in the area.

The Lincoln County FSA office can be reached at 601-833-9321 extension 2, and
the Pike County office can be reached at 601-684-2584 extension 2.

Other counties included in the disaster designation include Amite, Claiborne,
Copiah, Franklin, Lawrence, Lincoln and Pike Counties.

To see more of the Natchez Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.natchezdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081006-YY-County-farmers-may-get-emergency-loans-1006

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                                 Copyright 2008


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Watertown Daily Times (New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 18, 2007 Thursday

Emergency farm loans offered in Jefferson County, N.Y., due to dry spell

BYLINE: Rachael Hanley, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 398 words


Oct. 18--They've welcomed recent rain, and now Jefferson County farmers may
receive another form of relief after a six-month dry spell.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture will offer disaster emergency loan assistance
through the local Farm Service Agency. The decision comes after the north
country experienced a severe drought, with a rain deficit of almost 6 inches
between May and October.

The disaster emergency loan assistance was put in place Oct. 12 "due to damages
and losses caused by drought which occurred on May 1, 2007 and continuing,"
according to the FSA news release.

Under the program, which is run by the service agency (formerly Farmers Home
Administration), local farmers will be able to receive financial assistance for
crop shortcomings.

To qualify, farmers must show evidence that they have lost at least 30 percent
of their production as a result of the drought.

They can then qualify for loans of up to 80 percent of the actual losses, the
amount needed to stay in business, or a maximum principal balance of $500,000,
whichever is less. The interest rate on the loans is 3.75 percent and the loans
typically extend over a seven-year term.

Farmers also must show that they cannot receive a similar loan at a commercial
bank.

Larry M. Laribee, farm loan manager at the Watertown FSA, said his agency does
not yet know how many farms will apply. He said the loans cover fruit and
vegetable crops, but are likely to be used most by dairy farmers with production
losses for hay, corn and other forage crops.

This is the first time in more than 20 years that such loans have been made
available to farmers after a north country drought, said Laribee.

"We've done emergency loans for ice storm damage and also during a microburst,
when a couple of barns burned down," said Laribee. "There's been nothing for
drought in this area."

Applications for the emergency loans will be accepted until June 12. The local
FSA office is at 21168 Route 232, town of Watertown.

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.wdt.net. Copyright (c) 2007, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20071018-WE-FARM-LOANS-20071018

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WE


                      Copyright 2007 Watertown Daily Times


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Lyon County News, Inc. (George, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 16, 2012

Some Farmers With Physical Loss May Be Eligible for Emergency Loan

BYLINE: Lyon County News, Inc. staff

LENGTH: 317  words


County Executive Director, Carol Groen, announced that farm operators who have
suffered physical losses caused by high winds on May 27, 2012 may be eligible
for an emergency loan. Applications for assistance should be completed at the
Osceola County FSA Office located at 1672 Highway 60 Blvd, Sibley, Iowa.

"This Administrator's Notification for Lyon county has been issued as a primary
disaster county, thus making producers eligible for emergency loans", said
Groen.

The Farm Service Agency may make Emergency Loans to eligible family farmers
which will enable them to return to their normal operations if they sustained
qualifying losses resulting from natural disasters. Physical loss loans may be
made to eligible farmers to enable them to repair or replace damaged or
destroyed physical property essential to the success of the farming operation.
Examples of property commonly affected include; essential farm buildings,
fixtures to real estate, equipment, livestock, perennial crops, fruit and nut
bearing trees and harvested or stored crops.

Applicants must be unable to obtain credit from other usual sources to qualify
for the Farm Service Agency Farm Loan Program assistance. The intereste rate for
the emergency loans is 3.75%. Each applicant applying for credit will be given
equal consideration without regard to race, creed, color, marital status or
national origin.

The repayment schedule for most disaster loans are based on the useful life of
the security, the applicant's repayment ability, and the type of loss. If the
loan is secured only on crops, it must be repaid when the next crop year's
income is received. Loans to replace fixtures to the real estate may be
scheduled for repayment up to 40 years.

The final date for making applications is March 4, 2013.

For more information on these and other FSA programs, please contact us at
712-754-3643 or visit FSA on-line at www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LYY

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 Lyon County News, Inc.


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        West Lyon Herald (Inwood, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 8, 2010

FSA emergency loans available

BYLINE: West Lyon Herald staff

LENGTH: 236  words


Farm operators in Lyon county who have suffered major forage/crop production
and/or physical losses caused by severe storms and flooding occurring July
21-July 30, 2010, may be eligible for an emergency loan. Applications for
assistance should be completed at the Lyon County Farm Service Agency office,
710 N. Second Ave. East, Rock Rapids.

The agency may make emergency loans to eligible family farmers which will enable
them to return to their normal operations if they sustained qualifying losses
resulting from natural disasters.

Physical loss loans may be made to eligible farmers to enable them to repair or
replace damaged or destroyed physical property essential to the success of the
farming operation. Examples of property commonly affected include: essential
farm buildings, fixtures to the real estate, equipment, livestock, perennial
crops, fruit and nut bearing trees and harvested or stored crops.

Applicants must be unable to obtain credit from other usual sources to qualify
for Farm Service Agency Farm loan program assistance. The interest rate for the
emergency loans is 3.75 percent.

Most of the disaster loans may be for up to seven years; however, if the loan is
secured only on crops, it must be repaid when the next crop year's income is
received. Loans to replace fixtures to the real estate may be scheduled for
repayment up to 40 years.

The final date for making applications is May 23, 2011.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLY

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2010 West Lyon Herald


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Western Kansas World (Wakeeny, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 10, 2015

Emergency Loans Available from FSA

BYLINE: Western Kansas World staff

LENGTH: 428  words


"Farmers in Rooks and Graham Counties, who suffered crop losses due to drought,
winter kill, and insect infestation occurring January 1, 2015 and continuing may
now apply for Farm Service Agency (FSA) emergency loans," FSA Farm Loan Manager,
Randal R. Thiel, said today. Applications for assistance will be accepted by FSA
until April 26, 2016.

"Loans covering physical and/or production losses are scheduled for repayment as
rapidly as feasible, consistent with the applicant's reasonable ability to pay,"
said Thiel. The current interest rate is 3.625 percent but is subject to monthly
changes until the loan is approved.

FSA's Farm Loan Programs staff is committed to new and existing customers, FSA
customer goals and our rural communities. FSA's service extends beyond the
typical loan, offering FSA customers ongoing consultation, advice and creative
ways to make your farm business thrive. At the Farm Service Agency, we want to
be your lender of first opportunity to overcome these adverse weather conditions
and rebuild your operation to get back on track. FSA's loan staff can refer
customers to other public and commercial financing sources that can serve as a
blend with FSA's farm loan programs.

FSA loans covering physical losses may be used to replace installations,
equipment, livestock, or buildings (including homes), lost through this
disaster.

FSA loans covering production losses may be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer,
livestock, or to make payments on real estate and chattel debts. "Funds can also
be used for other essential operating and living expenses," Thiel said.

To be eligible for an emergency disaster loan, an applicant must be operating a
family size farm or ranch, must be unable to get credit elsewhere, and must have
suffered a qualifying physical and/or production loss from the disaster.

Farmers who suffered at least a 30 percent reduction to at least one cropping
enterprise, may have a qualifying production loss. Emergency disaster production
loss loans cover 100 percent of qualifying losses.

Farmers and ranchers that think they may eligible should contact the FSA County
Office in Hill City, Kansas or call 785-421-2115 for additional information and
how to apply. USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a
complaint of discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC
20250-9410 or call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339
(Local or Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WKW

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 Western Kansas World


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Prairie Post (White City, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 18, 2010

Deadline for FSA emergency disaster loan applications

BYLINE: The Prairie Post staff

LENGTH: 415  words


The expiration dates for filing applications for Emergency Disaster (EM) loans
by farmers and ranchers in Chase, Greenwood, Lyon, Marion, Morris, Wabaunsee and
Woodson Counties are February 25, 2010, for those needing farm credit as a
result of severe storm's, flooding, winds and tornadoes from April 14-May 16,
2009; and February 24, 2010, for those needing farm credit as a result of severe
winter storm with snow from March 26-29, 2009, and who think they are eligible
for FSA assistance. They should make their applications at the FSA County
Office, 3020 W. 18th Avenue, Emporia, KS 66801, before the expiration date.

According to Jane Armitage, Farm Loan Manager, for the FSA, "Loans covering
physical and/or production losses may be made at 3.75 percent interest rate, and
are scheduled for repayment as rapidly as feasible, consistent with the
applicant's reasonable ability to pay.

FSA's Farm Loan Programs staff is committed to new and existing customers, FSA
customer goals and our rural communities. FSA's service extends beyond the
typical loan, offering FSA customers ongoing consultation, advice and creative
ways to make your farm business thrive. At the FSA, they want to be your lender
of first opportunity to overcome these adverse weather conditions and rebuild
your operation to get back on track. FSA's loan staff can refer customers to
other public and commercial financing sources that can serve as a blend with
FSA's farm loan programs.

FSA loans covering physical losses may be used to replace installations,
equipment, livestock, or buildings (including homes), lost through this
disaster.

FSA loans covering production losses may be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer,
livestock, or to make payments on real estate and chattel debts; they can also
be used for other essential operating and living expenses.

To be eligible for an emergency disaster loan, an applicant must be operating a
family size farm or ranch, must be unable to get credit elsewhere, and must have
suffered a qualifying physicu and/or production loss from the disaster.

Farmers who suffered at least a 30 percent reduction to at least one cropping
enterprise, may have a qualifying production loss. Emergency disaster production
loss loans cover 100 percent of qualifying losses.

Farmers and ranchers that think they may be eligible should contact the FSA
County Office in Emporia, or call 620-343-6944 for additional information and
how to apply. USDA is an equal opportunity employer and provider.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TPP

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2010 The Prairie Post


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Meridian Star (Mississippi)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Lauderdale County farmers eligible for emergency loans

BYLINE: The Meridian Star, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 235 words


Nov. 04--Emergency loans for farmers, ranchers and operators are available
through the Lauderdale County Office of the Farm Service Agency, according to
FSA Farm Loan Manager Randy M Saxon.

The loans are being made available because of U.S. Department of Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack's Oct. 21 declaration of a major disaster in Mississippi
caused by a drought. Lauderdale County is contiguous to the natural disaster
area and has been designated eligible for Federal Disaster assistance pursuant
to Section 321(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act.

Applications for assistance in the disaster-stricken county will be accepted by
FSA through June 21, 2016.

Farmers qualifying for emergency loans may borrow up to 100 percent of their
actual production loss or the amount needed to restore their operation to its
pre-disaster condition, whichever is less, an FSA press release states.

The new emergency loan and outstanding principal balance of any existing
emergency loan owed by the applicant or any individual member of an entity
cannot exceed $500,000, according to the press release.

FSA emergency loans cover losses from designated disasters and are made to
qualified farmers who cannot obtain credit from other lenders in the local area.

___ (c)2015 The Meridian Star (Meridian, Miss.) Visit The Meridian Star
(Meridian, Miss.) at meridianstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151104-ZG-Lauderdale-County-farmers-eligible-for-emergency-loans
-1104-20151104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZG


                        Copyright 2015 The Meridian Star


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Western Kansas World (Wakeeny, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 11, 2010

Deadline for FSA Emergency Disaster Loan Applications

BYLINE: Western Kansas World staff

LENGTH: 395  words


The expiration date for filing applications for Emergency Disaster (EM) loans by
farmers and ranchers in Graham, Sheridan, Rooks and Trego Counties is November
9, 2010,, according to Randal Thiel, Farm Loan Manager, for the Farm Service
Agency (FSA).

Those needing farm credit as a result of severe winter storms and snowstorms on
December 22, 2009 to January 8, 2010, and who think they are eligible for FSA
assistance, should make their applications at the FSA County Office, 100 N. 12th
Avenue, Hill City, Kansas, before the expiration date.

Loans covering physical and/or production losses may be made at 3.75 percent
interest rate, and are scheduled for repayment as rapidly as feasible,
consistent with the applicant's reasonable ability to pay.

FSA's Farm Loan Programs staff is committed to new and existing customers, FSA
customer goals and our rural communities. FSA's service extends beyond the
typical loan, offering FSA customers ongoing consultation, advice and creative
ways to make your farm business thrive. At the Farm Service Agency, we want to
be your lender of first opportunity to overcome these adverse weather conditions
and rebuild your operation to get back on track. FSA's loan staff can refer
customers to other public and commercial financing sources that can serve as a
blend with FSA's farm loan programs.

FSA loans covering physical losses may be used to replace installations,
equipment, livestock, or buildings (including homes), lost through this
disaster.

FSA loans covering production losses may be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer,
livestock, or to make payments on real estate and chattel debts. Funds can also
be used for other essential operating and living expenses.

To be eligible for an emergency disaster loan, an applicant must be operating a
family size farm or ranch, must be unable to get credit elsewhere, and must have
suffered a qualifying physical and/or production loss from the disaster.

Farmers who suffered at least a 30 percent reduction to at least one cropping
enterprise, may have a qualifying production loss. Emergency disaster production
loss loans cover 100 percent of qualifying losses.

Farmers and ranchers that think they may eligible should contact the FSA County
Office in Hill City, Kansas or call 785-421-2115 for additional information and
how to apply. USDA is an equal opportunity employer and provider.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WKW

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Western Kansas World


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 3, 2011 Monday

Loan open to farmers

BYLINE: Taylor Aswell, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 351 words


Jan. 03--NATCHEZ -- Adams County farmers who have experienced losses this year
are eligible for disaster loans through the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

"Emergency loans for farmers, ranchers and operators are available through the
Lincoln and Pike County Office of the Farm Service Agency," David K. Smith, FSA
Farm Loan Manager said in a press release.

The loans are to help farmers dealing with problems caused by the current
drought period that began March 23.

Any farmers who experienced damages or losses due to the drought are eligible
for the loan.

Adams, Claiborne, Jefferson and Wilkinson counties are contiguous to the primary
natural disaster area in Louisiana that was declared on Nov. 30, making the
counties eligible for Federal Disaster assistance pursuant to the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act.

Representatives from the Lincoln County FSA said farmers have until Aug. 1 to
apply for the loans, and that affected farmers need to take advantage of the
program.

While there is no FSA office in Adams County, farmers in the county can contact
their local farm agents or visit the loan offices in Pike and Lincoln counties
for an application.

According to the press release, farmers qualifying for the emergency loans may
borrow up to 100 percent of their actual production loss, or the amount needed
to restore their operation to its pre-disaster condition.

Farmers will receive aid in whichever amount is less.

The new emergency loan and outstanding principal balance of any existing
emergency loan owed by the farmer applying for the loan cannot surpass $500,000.

Emergency loans from the FSA cover the losses from designated disasters and are
made to farmers who qualify but cannot receive credit help from other local
lenders in the area.

To see more of the Natchez Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.natchezdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110103-YY-Loan-open-to-farmers-0103-20110103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                      Copyright 2011 The Natchez Democrat


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Western Kansas World (Wakeeny, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 7, 2011

Emergency Loans Available From FSA

BYLINE: Western Kansas World staff

LENGTH: 330  words


"Farmers in Ellis, Graham, Rooks, Sheridan and Trego Counties, who suffered crop
or livestock losses due to drought, excessive heat and high winds occurring
January 1, 2011 and continuing may now apply for Farm Service Agency (FSA)
emergency loans," FSA Farm Loan Manager, RANDAL R. THIEL, said today.

Applications for assistance will be accepted by FSA until February 23, 2012.

Loans covering physical and/or production losses may be made at a 3.75 percent
interest rate, and are scheduled for repayment as rapidly as feasible,
consistent with the applicant's reasonable ability to pay.

FSA's Farm Loan Programs staff is committed to new and existing customers, FSA
customer goals and our rural communities. FSA's service extends beyond the
typical loan, offering FSA customers ongoing consultation, advice and creative
ways to make your farm business thrive. At the Farm Service Agency, we want to
be your lender of first opportunity to overcome these adverse weather conditions
and rebuild your operation to get back on track. FSA's loan staff can refer
customers to other public and commercial financing sources that can serve as a
blend with FSA's farm loan programs.

FSA loans covering physical losses may be used to replace installations,
equipment, livestock, or buildings (including homes), lost through this
disaster.

FSA loans covering production losses may be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer,
livestock, or to make payments on real estate and chattel debts. Funds can also
be used for other essential operating and living expenses.

To be eligible for an emergency disaster loan, an applicant must be operating a
family size farm or ranch, must be unable to get credit elsewhere, and must have
suffered a qualifying physical and/or production loss from the disaster.

Farmers who suffered at least a 30 percent reduction to at least one cropping
enterprise, may have a qualifying production loss. Emergency disaster production
loss loans cover 100 percent of qualifying losses.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WKW

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 Western Kansas World


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



             The Wabaunsee County Signal-Enterprise (Alma, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 30, 2015

Emergency Loans Available From Farm Service Agency (FSA)

BYLINE: The Wabaunsee County Signal-Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 474  words


"Farmers in Chase, Greenwood, Lyon, Marion, Morris, and Wabaunsee Counties who
suffered crop or livestock losses due to severe storms, tornadoes, straight-line
winds and flooding occurring May 4, 2015 -- June 16, 2015 may now apply for Farm
Service Agency (FSA) emergency loans," FSA Farm Loan Manager Eric Guenther, said
today.

Woodson County also became eligible under existing legislation which provides
that farmers in counties bordering on those which have been designated for
disaster assistance, may also qualify for such assistance. Applications for
assistance will be accepted by FSA until March 16, 2016.

"Loans covering physical and/or production losses are scheduled for repayment as
rapidly as feasible, consistent with the applicant's reasonable ability to pay,"
said Guenther. The current interest rate is 4.875 percent but is subject to
monthly changes until the loan is approved.

FSA's Farm Loan Programs staff is committed to new and existing customers, FSA
customer goals and our rural communities. FSA's service extends beyond the
typical loan, offering FSA customers ongoing consultation, advice and creative
ways to make your farm business thrive. At the Farm Service Agency, we want to
be your lender of first opportunity to overcome these adverse weather conditions
and rebuild your operation to get back on track. FSA's loan staff can refer
customers to other public and commercial financing sources that can serve as a
blend with FSA's farm loan programs.

FSA loans covering physical losses may be used to replace installations,
equipment, livestock, or buildings (including homes), lost through this
disaster. FSA loans covering production losses may be used to buy feed, seed,
fertilizer, livestock, or to make payments on real estate and chattel debts.
"Funds can also be used for other essential operating and living expenses,"
Guenther said.

To be eligible for an emergency disaster loan, an applicant must be operating a
family size farm or ranch, must be unable to get credit elsewhere, and must have
suffered a qualifying physical and/or production loss from the disaster.

Farmers who suffered at least a 30 percent reduction to at least one cropping
enterprise, may have a qualifying production loss. Emergency disaster production
loss loans cover 100 percent of qualifying losses.

Farmers and ranchers that think they may eligible should contact the FSA County
Office in Emporia, Kansas or call 620-343-2813 for additional information and
how to apply. USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To fde a
complaint of discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC
20250-9410 or call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339
(Local or Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAB

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
             Copyright 2015 The Wabaunsee County Signal-Enterprise


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Quay County Sun (Tucumcari, New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 15, 2013 Tuesday

Officials offering emergency farm loans

BYLINE: Thomas Garcia, Quay County Sun, Tucumcari, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 380 words


Jan. 15--Federal officials are offering emergency loans after declaring eastern
New Mexico a disaster area due to extreme drought conditions.

Curry, Quay and Roosevelt counties are among 19 in New Mexico designated as a
primary natural disaster areas Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack.

According to drought data from the USDA, Quay, Curry, Roosevelt and much of
eastern New Mexico has been listed in D3 (drought extreme) conditions since Nov.
20, 2012.

Under a new USDA initiative, severe drought disasters are declared when any
portion of a county meets the D2 (Drought-Severe) intensity for eight or more
consecutive weeks or D3 (Drought-Extreme) or higher at any time during the
growing season.

Portions of Curry and Roosevelt have been listed as D4 Exceptional.

U.S. Rep. Ben Ray Lujan highlighted efforts by the federal government to assist
farmers and ranchers who have been negatively impacted by the severe drought in
New Mexico and across much of the country.

"Last year was the hottest year ever in the United States, leaving farmers and
ranchers across New Mexico struggling in the face of devastating drought
conditions. We have also been impacted by a lack of rain and snowfall during the
monsoon and winter months," Lujan said. "The disaster declarations by the
Secretary of Agriculture will make important resources available to help farmers
make ends meet during this difficult time."

Lujan said the designation makes all counties in New Mexico's Third
Congressional District eligible for assistance from the Farm Service Agency
(FSA), including FSA emergency loans.

Farmers and ranchers in Curry, Roosevelt and Quay County have until Sept. 9 to
apply for emergency loan assistance, said Bob Ledingham, FSA farm loan manager
in Clovis.

Ledingham said emergency loan funds may be used to:

--Restore or replace essential property

--Pay all or part of production costs associated with the disaster year

--Pay essential family living expenses

--Reorganize the farming operation

--Refinance certain debts, excluding real estate

Those wanting to apply for the loans can contact the FSA office in Clovis at 575
762 4769 Ext. 2.

___ (c)2013 the Quay County Sun (Tucumcari, N.M.) Visit the Quay County Sun
(Tucumcari, N.M.) at www.qcsunonline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130115-QY-Officials-offering-emergency-farm-loans-0115-20130115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QY


                         Copyright 2013 Quay County Sun


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Hendricks Pioneer (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 13, 2014

Emergency loans available for eligible family farmers;
FSA News

BYLINE: Hendricks Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 277  words


Farm Service Agency (FSA) announced that Yellow Medicine County has been
designated as primary natural disaster area due to physical damage and losses
caused by a tornado that occurred on March 31, 2014.

In addition there are six counties in Minnesota that are contiguous where
eligible family farmers may qualify for emergency physical loss loan assistance.
These contiguous counties are: Chippewa, Lac qui Parle, Lincoln, Lyon, Redwood,
and Renville. Deuel County in South Dakota is also contiguous.

This designation authorizes Emergency (EM) Loans for eligible producers.
Producers are encouraged to contact their local FSA Service Center for detailed
information about available programs and updated disaster designations.

Emergency Loan applications are available for qualifying physical losses caused
by these disaster conditions. Physical losses include structures, equipment,
etc. These loans do require security and the ability to repay the loan. The
deadline for submitting applications is January 19, 4015. In addition to the
Emergency (EM) Loan Program, FSA has other loan programs and disaster assistance
programs which can be considered in assisting farmers to recover from their
losses.

Contact your local FSA Service Center or access additional information about FSA
Disaster Assistance and Farm Loan programs at www.fsa.usda. gov.

While this release pertains to the availability of FSA programs, other federal
agencies such as FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) and SBA (Small
Business Administration) may also have assistance to the public. Information is
available from these two agencies at the following websites: www.fema.gov and
www.sba.gov.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HND

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 Hendricks Pioneer


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Newberry Observer, South Carolina

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

Seven SC counties qualify for USDA emergency loans

BYLINE: The Newberry Observer, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 281 words


Aug. 31--SALUDA -- Saluda and Edgefield Counties are eligible for USDA
assistance as a result of a U.S. Department of Agriculture disaster designation
declared for one primary and six contiguous counties in South Carolina.

Wilfred L. Pace, state executive director of the USDA Farm Service Agency, said
the disaster designation is a result of losses caused by drought that occurred
from Aug. 9.

The decision makes all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible
for low-interest emergency loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency.

The disaster areas were designated on Aug. 18. All qualified farm operators in
the designated counties are eligible for EM loans, provided eligibility
requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the
date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual
losses.

FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into account
the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has a
variety of programs, in addition to the emergency loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

USDA has also made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Federal Crop Insurance and the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance
Program.

Interested farmers can contact their local USDA Service Centers for further
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and
other programs. Additional information is also available at
disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

___ (c)2016 The Newberry Observer (Newberry, S.C.) Visit The Newberry Observer
(Newberry, S.C.) at www.newberryobserver.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160831-1NO-Seven-SC-counties-qualify-for-USDA-emergency-loans
-0831-20160831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NO


                                 Copyright 2016


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 7, 2008 Saturday

Farmers consider emergency assistance

BYLINE: Victor Skinner, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 442 words


Jun. 7--BUCKLEY -- A months-long drought left Wayne and Carol Bancroft in the
dust last summer amid the ruins of alfalfa, corn and wheat crops on their
600-acre farm in Grand Traverse County.

The dry stretch prompted the U.S. Department of Agriculture last year to
designate the entire state a natural disaster area and offer emergency loans to
farmers who experienced significant crop loss.

The deadline to apply for loans is next month, leaving farmers like the
Bancrofts just over a month to weigh options.

"I know that we have considered it ... but we haven't fully gone through with it
yet," Carol Bancroft said. "There is no question if we are eligible because of
our grossly diminished harvest from last year, but ... what if the same thing
happens this year and now you have taken on an additional loan that you can't
repay."

Weather-related events affected more than 1,000 growers across northwest
Michigan last year and those who lost more than 30 percent of their crops are
eligible for emergency loans.

The deadline to apply for loans associated with the drought is July 7, said
James Monroe, farm loan manager with the Farm Service Agency in Traverse City.

Emergency loans also are offered to area farmers whose crops were damaged from
frost between April 4 and June 13, 2007, as well as hail, rain or high wind
damage between May 15 and September 11, 2007, Monroe said.

Farms in Grand Traverse, Benzie, Leelanau, Kalkaska and Antrim counties are
eligible for those loans. Loan applications for frost damage must be submitted
by July 14. July 21 is the deadline for loans to cover hail, rain or wind
damage.

Farmers are charged 3.75 percent interest over terms ranging from one to seven
years, depending on the collateral, Monroe said.

Monroe, who thus far has processed about 10 applications for last season, said
the low-interest loans can be a viable way to keep farm operations rolling after
a rough year, but it isn't something most farmers take on without pause.

"You are borrowing to cover what you lost and paying for it with future
earnings," he said. "I think the farmer has a natural tendency to try not to
burden themselves more than they have to, but the loans are available if they
feel that there is a need."

To see more of The Record-Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.record-eagle.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Record-Eagle, Traverse
City, Mich. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080607-ZK-Farmers-consider-emergency-assistance-0607

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                                 Copyright 2008


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 17, 2010

Three more counties eligible for Farm Service Loans

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 370  words


On April 4, 2010, Pesident Obama declared a Presidential Major Disaster in
Minnesota due to flooding occurring March 1, 2010 and continuing. Eighteen
counties and the Tribal Nation of the Upper Sioux Community in Minnesota were
declared primary disaster counties eligible for Federal disaster assistance,
including Farm Service Agency (FSA) Emergency (EM) loans for eligible family
farmers. Lac qui Parle and Yellow Medicine Counties were declared primary
disaster counties.

In addition to the primary disaster counties, 28 Minnesota counties were named
as contiguous disaster counties where eligible family farmers may qualify for
FSA EM loan assistance. Lincoln and Lyon counties were designated as contiguous
disaster counties.

This determination is coded Ml900. Em loan applications will be accepted through
Dec. 20, 2010 for physical and

production losses.

Emergency loan funds may be used to:

Restore or replace essential property;

Pay all or part of production costs associated with the disaster year;

Pay essential family living expenses;

Reorganize the farming operation; and

Refinance certain debts. Emergency loans may be made to

farmers and rancher who:

Own or operate land located in a county declared a disaster area;

Are established family farm operators and have sufficient farming or ranching
experience;

Are citizens or permanent residents of the United States;

Have suffered at least a 30 percent loss in crop production; or Physical loss to
livestock, livestock products, real estate or farm chattel property;

Have an acceptable credit history;

Are unable to receive credit from commercial sources;

Can provide collateral to secure the loan; and

Have repayment ability.

Producers can borrow up to 100 percent of actual production or physical losses
not to exceed $500,000. The Emergency Loan (EM) interest rate is 3.75 percent.
EM loans are normally repaid over a 1-7 year period. However, in special
circumstances terms of up to 20 years may be authorized. Loans for physical
losses to real estate are normally repaid within 30 years. In certain
circumstances, repayment may be made over a maximum of 40 years.

For further information contact Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan Programs at
507-537-1401 Ext. 104, Marshall, MN.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2010 The Ortonville Independent


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 12, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

The Biggest Farm Debt: $68 Million and Growing

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER

SECTION: Section 3; Page 1, Column 2; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 3448 words

DATELINE: BAKERSFIELD, Calif.


ALL that is left of the Tex-Cal Land Management grape and almond farm lies
behind an old winery near the San Joaquin Valley town of Delano, where acres of
junked tractors, pickup trucks, earth scrapers and plows gather dust under a
scorching sun.

And all that remains for the Farmers Home Administration, the Agriculture
Department's farm lending agency and Tex-Cal's biggest creditor, is an enormous
debt - $68 million - that is growing by nearly $13,000 a day.

It is, by far, the largest sum ever owed to the United States by a single farm,
and there is little likelihood, say Agriculture Department officials, that even
a tiny portion of it will ever be recovered.

The unpaid debt represents the most glaring failure of two farm agency emergency
loan programs, which were designed to save distressed farmers but produced
nearly $6 billion in uncollectible loans. The vast majority of the delinquent
loans resulted from the depression in agriculture that began in 1981. But the
Tex-Cal case illustrates a darker side of the programs, which critics have
attacked for their easy lending policies and lax oversight.

Tex-Cal collapsed four years ago amid allegations that much of the money it
borrowed was improperly diverted for personal and other uses through a complex
network of sister companies. The Tex-Cal affair has left deep scars in Delano,
the nearby Kern County seat of Bakersfield and elsewhere in the southern part of
the valley, the nation's richest and most diverse agricultural region.

Several labor contractors who were owed hundreds of thousands of dollars by
Tex-Cal have gone bankrupt and others who did business with the company have
suffered severe financial distress following the collapse. More than 20 lawsuits
alleging fraud, deceit and theft have been filed in the state courts, pitting
the company's founder, Dudley M. (Bud) Steele Jr., against his son and other
former Tex-Cal executives. The Department of Justice has brought a civil fraud
suit against the company, Mr. Steele and others, and is pursuing a criminal
investigation. And private banks have become wary of lending to other growers in
the region, situated more than 100 miles northwest of Los Angeles, and have
rejected some loans that ordinarily would have been approved.

''It's like a house fire that just won't go out,'' said Jack Pandol, of the
Delano-based Pandol Brothers Inc., a farm and produce marketing company.

Tex-Cal's failure has also had an effect far beyond the valley. By highlighting
the severe management and control problems at the Farmers Home Administration,
the collapse reaffirmed the Reagan Administration's efforts to sharply limit the
emergency loan programs.

One of the programs gave farmers who had sustained damage from natural disasters
unlimited long-term, low-interest financing to reorganize operations and
refinance debts. The other, a short-lived program for ''economic emergencies''
tied to market fluctuations, provided up to $400,000 in financing.

But the liberal terms of the two programs encouraged many farmers to take on
enormous debt in the 1970's and early 1980's, when farm prices and incomes began
to plummet. The programs thus may have hastened the failures of tens of
thousands of farmers, state and Federal farm economists say.

At the same time, the huge number of delinquencies seriously weakened the loan
portfolio of the agency, the nation's second-largest farm lender after the Farm
Credit System, a nationwide network of lending institutions owned by farmers
that is also in serious financial trouble.

Nowhere did farmers take greater advantage of the emergency loan programs than
in Kern County, which produced crops, including fruits, vegetables, nuts and
cotton, valued at $1.4 billion last year.

The vast irrigated desert that lies between the Coast Range and the purple
flanks of the Sierra Nevada is home to some of the biggest farms in the nation.
The farm operated by Tex-Cal Land Management Inc., for instance, consisted of
7,300 acres divided into 40 parcels that sprawled for 80 miles through Kern and
nearby Tulare County. A typical Kern County farm employs hundreds of workers and
large fleets of tractors, crop dusters and other equipment, and it is not
unusual for it to report annual sales of $10 million or more. In short, Kern
County farmers practice a form of power agriculture found in few other regions
of the world.

In the winter of 1978, a brutal wind blew into the valley, carrying with it
torrential rains that ruined many harvests. The damage caused hundreds of
growers to descend on the Farmers Home Administration office in Bakersfield,
many of whom had only recently become eligible for the loans when the programs
were opened up to bigger farm operations. [See box.] The farmers discovered what
thousands of others had already found in other local offices of the agency: tiny
staffs, ill-prepared to handle a torrent of applications.

In order to qualify for loans, the farmers needed to produce two letters from
banks showing that commercial loan requests had been denied. They were required
to sign a statement certifying that their damage was caused by storms. And they
were asked to estimate the value of the destruction.

The agency did not audit the damage claims before granting loans, and only in a
few instances were claims investigated after loans were made, according to
agency officials.

''We were concerned, but we did not perceive it to be a cause for alarm,'' said
Jerry Byington, a former farmer programs specialist in the agency's California
headquarters in Woodland. ''In hindsight, maybe we could have done some things
differently.''

More than half of the $425 million lent to California farmers in 1979 under the
emergency loan programs was awarded by the Bakersfield office. In 1977, only $12
million in such loans were issued in all of California.

In Kern County, some of the wealthiest and most influential farmers took
advantage of the Government programs. ''There was cheap money to be had and some
farmers said let's go get all we can,'' said J. Hodge Black, a University of
California farm specialist based in Bakersfield.

Five of the 12 farms in the nation that still owe the Government more than $10
million from emergency loans are in Kern County. But only the one operated by
Tex-Cal Land Management has been accused of fraud.

Tex-Cal was established by Bud Steele in 1973 to manage his farm, which at that
time amounted to about 1,700 acres. Mr. Steele, then 47 years old, had been a
prominent farmer for years in Delano and was voted Man of the Year in 1964 by
the Chamber of Commerce.

Many of the bigger growers in the San Joaquin Valley had also formed separate
management companies, said lawyers familiar with the valley's farming practices.
The companies, set up with little or no assets in their own names, provided
growers with a ''corporate veil'' that shielded their land from such legal
problems as claims brought by farm laborers for injuries or back wages. The
structure also made it harder for outsiders, including lenders, to get a clear
picture of a farm's finances.

Through Tex-Cal Land Management, Mr. Steele borrowed nearly $18 million between
1973 and 1979 from the Wells Fargo Bank, the Aetna Casualty and Surety Company
and the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company.

Mr. Steele used the funds to expand his farm operation to more than 7,000 acres
and the lenders took first liens on all of the property as collateral. In 1978,
the management company reported crop sales of almost $9 million from 20 acres of
kiwis, 160 acres of prunes, 900 acres of almonds and more than 6,000 acres of
wine and table grape vineyards. The company had about 300 full-time employees
and brought in about 1,200 more during peak harvest periods.

For years, however, Mr. Steele often missed paying annual installments on his
commercial loans, his creditors' records show. At the time that Mr. Steele and
his only son, Dudley R. (Randy) Steele, applied for the Federal emergency loans
in 1979, claiming that flooding had damaged their crops, Bud Steele's creditors
already were threatening to foreclose on the property.

The Federal loans were granted that summer. Farmers Home Administration
documents show that Randy Steele signed, and his father co-signed, promissory
notes for a 20-year, $250,000 loan at 3 percent interest, and two 40-year $6
million loans at 9 percent.

The infusion of Federal funds allowed the Steeles to refinance their bank debts.
Wells Fargo's loan was retired, while Aetna and Northwestern remained creditors
holding first liens on the land. The farmers' lending agency received a second
lien on the land, which then had a market value that far exceeded the combined
Federal and commercial loans.

The Federal aid also allowed the Steeles to reorganize the farm's operations.
Within two years, more than half a dozen sister corporations sprouted around
Tex-Cal Land Management, forming a network with several other associated
operations already in place. Several of the new companies had no assets at all.

The network included Tex-Cal Sales, which sold crops directly to markets; a cold
storage company to store the crops; a pesticide spraying operation; a materials
supply company; an air carrier, and an accounting firm to manage the books of
each corporation. Most of the sister corporations were either owned or
controlled by Bud Steele, according to corporate records and the Government.

In court papers, Bud Steele said that he turned over ownership and control of
Tex-Cal Land Management to his son in 1979 and that responsibility for all
Federal loans rested with Randy. Bud Steele insisted the other companies were
legally separate from Tex-Cal Land Management.

In essence, Mr. Steele was building a vertically integrated operation that paid
itself for services and materials, a structure modeled after many other major
farm operations in the southern San Joaquin Valley, although more intricate than
most. Bob Cox, a reporter who has covered Tex-Cal for The Bakersfield
Californian, labeled the corporate maze a ''Steele web.''

But Mr. Steele was putting his empire together with Government loans, the
Justice Department fraud suit alleges. Using such loans to enlarge farm
operations is prohibited under the emergency aid programs, Government lawyers
contend.

OVER the next four years, despite increasing misgivings about the size of
Tex-Cal's debt and its failure to repay most of the annual installments, the
Farmers Home Administration approved additional loans to the company of more
than $39 million, all secured by crop sales. The agency's former administrator,
Charles Shuman, later explained that $15.2 million of those final loans were
approved as ''protective advances'' because the agency feared it would lose
everything if the company was not kept solvent.

Tex-Cal went out of business in late 1983, however, having repaid only $9
million of its Federal loans, according to agency records. Yet in its last four
years of operation, Tex-Cal reported to the agency that it had sold crops valued
at $52 million. (Several former executives of Tex-Cal have testified in court
cases that the company hid millions of dollars in additional sales from the farm
agency.) In all, that added up to at least $104 million that Tex-Cal took in
through loans and crop sales between 1979 and 1983. The Government contends in
its lawsuit that that was more than enough to enable Tex-Cal to recover from the
flood damage and keep up with its payments. The only reason it could not, the
Government says, is that millions of dollars were diverted for other purposes,
including the purchase of the old winery near Delano where the farm's equipment
now lies collecting dust. Tex-Cal still owes the Government nearly $43 million
in principal and $25 million in interest.

In a recent interview, Bud Steele denied that he had done anything wrong and
insisted that the money was simply ''farmed up.'' But even in Kern County, where
farmers regularly spend $2,600 an acre to raise grapes and almonds, it is
unlikely that Tex-Cal sank $100 million into its land and crops in four years,
said Mr. Black, the University of California farm specialist. In fact, during
its last four years of operation, Tex-Cal's vineyards were overgrown and poorly
maintained, Jack Pandol and other Delano growers said in interviews, indicating
that the farm was not spending enough on irrigation, fertilizer and labor.

Another explanation for missing funds emerged in the spring of 1983 when Randy
Steele and Robert G. Bartholomew, the chief financial officer of Tex-Cal, said
publicly that they had uncovered evidence that the company's books had been
altered to disguise diversions of funds by Bud Steele. Randy Steele reported the
alleged alterations to the farm agency and called his father a thief in a sworn
statement filed in connection with one of the lawsuits in the case.

Bud Steele responded by accusing his son and Mr. Bartholomew of trying to
disguise their own mismanagement. The charges and countercharges led to a tangle
of ongoing lawsuits that have turned father and son into enemies.

The allegations of fraud and mismanagement also led to the start of several
Federal investigations, first by the Agriculture Department's Office of
Inspector General and then by the Department of Justice.

On May 2, 1986, the Government filed a civil suit in Fresno, Calif., against
Tex-Cal Land Management, two of the sister companies, Bud Steele and Betty
Kruger, Tex-Cal's secretary-treasurer. The suit accuses them of conspiracy,
fraud, conversion and violations of the False Claims Act. At the heart of the
Government's case is the contention that Bud Steele never actually relinquished
control of the management company to his son and that he is responsible for the
wrongdoing and is liable for the loans. The Government is seeking full repayment
and other damages, but it is unclear how Mr. Steele could pay since he filed for
personal bankruptcy earlier this year and all of the sister companies are either
out of business or in bankruptcy themselves.

In the suit, the Government charged that ''substantial amounts'' of the Federal
loans were used for such purposes as improvements on Bud Steele's house in
Delano, personal expenses of Bud Steele and Mr. Bartholomew and the ''funding of
other business entities all owned or controlled by'' Bud Steele. (Neither Randy
Steele nor Mr. Bartholomew has been named as a defendant in the lawsuit.) The
loan proceeds were ''co-mingled'' with funds of the sister corporations, the
Government contends in the suit, which is still in the pretrial stage. Moreover,
an unknown amount of funds was ''converted'' in the form of checks made out to
people and businesses that did not exist.

THE Government also charges that Bud Steele conspired with Betty Kruger and the
other defendants to make false statements on loan applications about the farm's
income.

In a related criminal investigation by the Internal Revenue Service, one of Mr.
Steele's bookkeepers pleaded guilty last year to tax evasion charges stemming
from tens of thousands of dollars in payments she made to herself from Farmers
Home Administration funds.

Bud Steele, who is now 60 years old, said the farm agency ''was conned, but it
wasn't by me.'' Mr. Steele blamed his son and Mr. Bartholomew for the collapse
of the company and said ''they may have gotten away with some dough.''

Randy Steele, who is 37 years old, and Mr. Bartholomew, 45, declined requests
for interviews. But Mary Jane Steele, Randy's wife, denied that her husband was
involved in any wrongdoing. ''We're hoping to put this nightmare behind us,''
she said. Randy Steele now works as a supervisor in a fruit packing house near
Fresno.

Theda Bartholomew said that her husband, who is now a financial consultant in
Bakersfield, was himself a victim of the Tex-Cal collapse. Bud Steele, she said,
''has to blame somebody for what happened, so he's saying these things about my
husband and his own son.''

Mrs. Kruger declined through her lawyer, John Patrick Moore of Fresno, to be
interviewed. Mr. Moore insisted, however, that she, too, had done nothing wrong.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Justice Department are continuing to
investigate the case and a Federal grand jury is hearing evidence in Fresno.

These days, Bud Steele is spending his nights in the Tulare County Correctional
Facility in Visalia, an hour north of Delano, serving a six-month work-furlough
term for contempt of a Superior Court judge's order. The contempt charges stem
from repeated violations of state agricultural labor laws on Tex-Cal's farmland.

Earlier this year, Aetna and Northwestern took over almost all of the land in
separate foreclosure actions. Because of sharply lower land values, the second
liens held by the Farmers Home Administration turned out to be worthless.

TURNING THE LENDING SPIGOT ON AND OFF

The Farmers Home Administration began to help growers hurt by natural disasters
in 1949, when Congress authorized low-interest, long-term loans to small farm
operators wiped out by storms.

In 1972, after Hurricane Agnes swept across the East and South, Congress
increased funding for the emergency disaster loan program and loosened some of
its lending rules. Six years later, when storms caused more widespread damage,
Congress made even the biggest corporate growers eligible for loans. It also put
into place a new ''economic emergency'' loan program for farms that suffered
losses from changes in market conditions that were beyond their control.

The agency's lending soared. In 1971, it lent farmers a total of $700 million -
$127 million in emergency loans and the rest in traditional farm ownership and
operating loans. In 1981, it approved $8.1 billion in new loans, $6.5 billion of
which was emergency lending.

The dramatic spurt in lending worried some observers, including several
prominent agricultural economists. They were particularly concerned that the
loans were secured by land valued at inflated prices and by incomes driven by
inflation.

''If the earnings of farmers suddenly leveled off or fell, the value of land
would then come tumbling down,'' said Emanuel Melichar, an agricultural
economist with the Federal Reserve Board who issued a warning in 1977. ''That
would leave the Government with nothing,'' he said recently, adding, ''This is
essentially what has happened with the emergency loans.''

The Reagan Administration, concerned about mounting losses, tightened the
emergency disaster program in 1982 and discontinued the economic emergency loans
two years later. Last year, only $218 million in new emergency loans were made
out of total lending of nearly $4.4 billion.

Also in 1982, the Administration directed farm lending officials to pursue tens
of thousands of delinquent borrowers. (As of last month, delinquencies amounted
to $7.8 billion of the agency's $28 billion in total outstanding debt.

The emergency loan programs accounted for nearly $6 billion of the
delinquencies.) But the agency's efforts to recover some of the funds by
foreclosures and other actions have met resistance from Congress, the courts and
leaders of rural communities. Critics argue that large-scale foreclosures would
be devastating to already depressed rural areas.

Earlier this month, Congress approved a measure sponsored by Representative
Jamie L. Whitten, a Democrat of Mississippi, that calls for the farm lending
agency to temporarily forgive the debts of thousands of its borrowers and give
them new operating loans. To qualify, the growers must demonstrate that they are
strong enough financially to pay back the new loans after one year. In effect,
the new program requires the agency to make loans to farmers even if they owe
the Government substantial amounts and are far behind in their payments. The
measure is part of a supplemental appropriations bill that is awaiting President
Reagan's signature.

Vance L. Clark, the agency's administrator, said the program would force the
Government to continue to throw good money after bad. ''It's a terrible way to
do business,'' he said. ''We're trying to be prudent lenders. But even after all
that we've been through with bad loans and losses, Congress still doesn't think
too kindly of what we're trying to do.''

Representative Whitten, however, believes the Administration's aggressive
repayment policy is ill-advised. ''The law establishing Farmers Home is very
plain,'' he said. ''It says the FmHA must do everything it can to help farmers
get started again. If the FmHA isn't going to do that, we are going to require
them to do it.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of Tex-Cal Land Management equipment yard; Tex-Cal founder
Dudley M. (Bud) Steele Jr. (The Bakersfield Californian/Felix Adamo;
NYT/Terrence McCarthy); graph of farm delinquinces, 1978-1987 (estimate)
(Source: Farmers Home Administration); photo of Randy Steele (The Bakersfield
Californian/Felix Adamo) (page 28); photo of Jack Pandol, another San Joaquin
grower (NYT/Terrence McCarthy)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Gainesville Daily Register (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 26, 2008 Thursday

County to get farm aid

BYLINE: Andy Hogue, Gainesville Daily Register, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 599 words


Jun. 26--Cooke County was one of several counties recently named by the
Secretary of Agriculture as eligible for loans to cover damages from a recent
round of severe spring storms.

Emergency farm loans applications are being accepted from agricultural producers
reporting damages from storms -- which resulted in tornadoes and flooding --
between April 9-28.

The applications are for production and physical losses. The final day to apply
is Jan. 9, 2009.

Applications are available and are being accepted at the Farm Service Agency
(FSA) Office located in Stephenville, Cynthia Kruger, FSA Farm Loan Manager said
in a statement Tuesday.

Farm Service Agency is a credit agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture,
and provides disaster emergency loans to recognized farmers who work at and rely
on farming for a substantial part of their living.

Chance Fenoglio, of the Gainesville FSA, said it would be better for local
farmers and ranchers to contact the Stephenville office or visit it in person
(see contact information below).

"Those farm loan offices are more like regional offices, and our county is
served out of Erath county," Fenoglio said.

He said Cooke County crops seem to be in good shape, in general.

"The wind didn't blow any crops over, I heard no reports of hail damage," he
said. "Wheat and fall crops were better than average, though we could use some
more rain soon."

Fenoglio said the corn crop is starting to get dry -- the stalks becoming a dull
green rather than the healthy bright green.

The Milo crop looks pretty good. It can tolerate those drought conditions," he
added. "If we get a rain right now, I don't think the crops will be hurt."

Kruger said in her statement farmers may be eligible for loans up to 100 percent
of their actual losses or the operating loan required to continue in business,
whichever is less.

For farmers unable to obtain credit from private commercial lenders, the
interest rate is 3.75 percent.

"As a general rule, a farmer must have suffered at least 30 percent loss of
production to be eligible for a FSA Emergency Loan," Kruger said. "Farmers
participating in the Federal Crop Insurance Program will have to figure in
proceeds from those programs, in determining their loss."

Applications for loans under these emergency designations will be accepted until
the designated final date, but farmers should apply as soon as possible, Kruger
said. Delays in applying could create backlogs in processing and possibly over
into the new farming season.

Individual farmers who are U.S. citizens are eligible for assistance, as are
farming partnerships, corporations or cooperatives in which U.S. citizens hold a
majority interest, according to Kruger's statement.

The FSA Office in Gainesville is located at 2200 North Grand Ave., and is open
from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday. The office may be contacted at
668-7794.

The Erath County FSA Service Center in Stephenville is located and may be
written at: 245 S. Virgina St., Stephenville, TX, 76401-0210. The office may be
contacted at 1(254)965-3715. The office fax number is 1(254)965-4910.

Reporter Andy Hogue may be contacted at andyhoguegdr@ntin.net

To see more of the Gainesville Daily Register or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.gainesvilleregister.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Gainesville Daily
Register, Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080626-XG-County-to-get-farm-aid-0626

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XG


                                 Copyright 2008


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Walsh County Press (Park River, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 10, 2012

Walsh County farmers now eligible for USDA Disaster Emergency Loans

BYLINE: Walsh County Press staff

LENGTH: 240  words


PARK RIVER, N.D. Fanners in Walsh County who suffered physical and production
losses because of drought conditions occurring September 25, 2012 and continuing
may now apply for Farm Service Agency Emergency Loans, Farm Loan Manager Don
Tongen said today.

Walsh County is eligible to receive EM loans because it was declared as a
contiguous county in North Dakota that was designated a major disaster area.

The time allowed to file EM loan applications is eight months. For Walsh County
farmers, this means the deadline for applications to be filed is June 3, 2013.

Although the authority for Emergency Loan processing has been given, all
potential EM loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete
an application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual physical losses and production losses, crop
insurance benefits, and to any other crop production compensation, is available
and can be documented.

Tongen said farmers who suffered a qualifying production loss of at least 30%
from normal and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for reduced
interest loans to cover up to 100% of their losses. Farm Service Agency
Emergency loans currently carry a 2.125 percent interest rate. To qualify for
physical losses, there does have to be a qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA County
office at Park River. ND.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAL

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Walsh County Press


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            December 23, 2005 Friday
                                  City Edition

State Briefs

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 840 words


3 FARM COUNTIES ELIGIBLE FOR EMERGENCY LOANS

Family farmers in three counties can apply for low-interest emergency loans due
to losses caused by drought and other bad weather in 2005.

The Farm Service Agency announced Wednesday emergency loan eligibility for
Chase, Dundy and Perkins counties.

The three counties became eligible for the loans because they are bordering at
least one of 10 counties in Colorado that were designated for emergency loans on
Dec. 19.

Loans for production losses can be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer or
livestock, as well as to refinance certain debts.

To qualify, farmers must prove they incurred qualifying losses and that they are
established family farm operators. Applications must be submitted through a
local Farm Services Agency office before Aug. 21.

$1.8 MILLION WILL GOTO FIRM TO STAY IN STATE

SCOTTSBLUFF - A mortgage service firm will stay in the area after being offered
$1.8 million in economic development funds by the city.

The Scottsbluff City Council on Monday approved offering Aurora Loan Services
the money, along with additional funds coming from tax incentives.

Aurora will receive the $1.8 million over the next three years. The grant is the
most economic development funding ever offered by the city council.

Aurora considered moving to Colorado but the state of Nebraska and Twin Cities
Development created a funding package to persuade the firm to stay, said Rawnda
Pierce, executive director for Twin Cities Development.

Aurora said it will add at least 150 new employees in the next two years. Aurora
also agreed to purchase 12 acres near Western Nebraska Community College's Harms
Advanced Technology Center where it will build a new facility.

The firm's old location in Scottsbluff will be given to the city when the new
complex is completed.

CATHOLIC CHARITIES EVENT CANCELS VILLAGE PEOPLE

OMAHA - A Catholic Charities fund-raising event has decided to play it straight
- so the Village People aren't coming to town.

The group was scheduled to perform at Irish Fest in March. But Omaha Catholic
Charities Executive Director Scot Adams said that enough people expressed
concerns about appropriateness that the band was canceled.

A lot of people were worried about the band's homoerotic lyrics, Adams said.

Adams and others reviewed some of the band's lyrics before making a final
decision, he said.

The Family Stone Experience, which includes members of the 1970s psychedelic
funk band Sly and the Family Stone, has been hired as a replacement.

Adams said he's aware of reported drug use in Family Stone Experience, but the
band better fits the event's themes.

"We realize not everything a band does is perfect," he said. "We're not looking
for someone on the merits of their lifestyle."

LEGAL HELP LINE GETTING ABOUT 12 CALLS A DAY

OMAHA - A legal aid phone line for Nebraskans over 60 has handled about a dozen
calls a day since opening last week.

Legal Aid of Nebraska's Elder Access Line started Dec. 12 for senior citizens
who want help with hard-to-answer legal questions. An attorney and a paralegal
are handling the calls.

"In just 10 days we've established there's a significant demand out there for
basic legal information, particularly among people who really can't afford a
lawyer," said Annette Farnan of Legal Aid's Omaha office. "We're getting calls
from all over the state, from older women and men - and even their grown
children who have powers of attorney for their parents."

Some questions can be answered quickly, and more complicated cases are referred
to the nearest Legal Aid office.

Elder Access Line is operating out of Omaha under a $296,000 two-year federal
grant.

The agency also operates a statewide help line for low-income Nebraskans that
fields about 50,000 calls a year, executive Doug German said.

ATTORNEY GETS PROBATION FOR DEPOSIT VIOLATION

OMAHA - An attorney indicted on 15 counts related to the alleged laundering of
$175,000 in drug money to help finance an Internet gambling and pornography site
has been sentenced to house arrest and probation.

David S. Wintroub, 38, was sentenced Wednesday in U.S. District Court to five
months of probation, including five months' house arrest, on one count of
evading federal reporting requirements.

The U.S. Attorney's Office said there wasn't enough evidence to convict Wintroub
of the other 14 counts in the indictment. Those counts were dismissed, and
Wintroub pleaded guilty to structuring transactions to evade reporting
requirements.

Wintroub had received payments from convicted drug dealer Gary A. Storey to
start the Web site. Wintroub made three cash deposits, each slightly less than
$10,000, three straight days in August 2000. Banks are required to report cash
transactions of more than $10,000 to the government.

U.S. District Judge Lyle Strom ruled that, based on taped conversations between
Wintroub and Storey, Wintroub knew the deposits were to be "kept quiet."

Wintroub served as manager for former state Auditor John Breslow's unsuccessful
campaigns for governor in 1990 and 1998.

--From staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             August 21, 2009 Friday

Emergency farm loans are available

BYLINE: El Paso Times Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 130 words


EL PASO -- Farmers in Culberson, El Paso, Hudspeth, Loving, Reeves and Winkler
counties may qualify for emergency farm loans for losses caused by drought and
high winds.

Applications for the emergency loans are being accepted at the Farm Service
Agency office in Fort Stockton, William H. McAnally, farm loan manager for the
U.S. Department of Agriculture, said in a statement.

Eleven counties in Texas were recently named by U.S. Secretary of Agriculture
Thomas J. Vilsack as eligible for loans to cover part of actual production,
physical losses or both resulting from drought and high winds.

"As a general rule, a farmer must have suffered at least a 30 percent loss of
production to be eligible for an FSA emergency loan," McAnally said.

Information: http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                April 1, 1999, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

FARMERS MAY GET EMERGENCY AID

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. C7

LENGTH: 215 words


Missouri farmers are running into a financial squeeze because federal loans and
loan guarantees from a farm lending agency have been exhausted. But the
executive in charge of the lending agency, Dan Gierseke, said emergency loans
may be available as early as today.

The emergency aid could provide enough aid to Missouri farmers until April 16,
when Congress reconvenes to consider providing more farm assistance, said
Gierseke, speaking at a farm management training session in Columbia, Mo.

Missouri has already made more loans in the first six months than in all of last
year, said Gierseke, farm loan chief for the Farm Services Agency (FSA). "At
this rate, we will lend more money this year than we did in all of the last five
years," he said.

Gierseke said Missouri's FSA has $ 8 million in approved loans still waiting for
funding from Washington, and another 99 applications are still being processed
in FSA offices throughout the state.

Most of the emergency loans waiting to be processed are for farmers in the
Bootheel, where farmers have been hurt by low commodity prices and, last year,
by a drought and low yields.

Farmers seeking an update on the loan situation should contact their local FSA
office or call a toll-free hotline at 1-877-363-3659.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Weiser Signal American (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 31, 2013

Farmers and ranchers qualify for natural disaster designation

BYLINE: Weiser Signal American staff

LENGTH: 877  words


Recently the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced that 16 counties in
Idaho were designated as primary natural disaster areas due to damages and
losses caused by the 2013 drought. However, almost all of Idaho's 44 counties
had attained this designation prior to December. All Idaho counties with the
exception of Bonner, Boundary, Kootenai, and Benewah qualify for natural
disaster assistance.

"Our hearts go out to those Idaho farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Idaho
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."

"Farmers across Idaho have had to deal with severe weather conditions this past
year making them eligible for federal disaster programs," said Aaron Johnson,
Acting State Executive Director for Idaho. "Although our five major disaster
programs have not been funded due to lack of a farm bill, the Farm Service
Agency has emergency loans available at a reduced rate."

When a county receives a natural disaster designation from the Department of
Agriculture, all qualified farm operators in the designated areas are eligible
for low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses.

FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into account
the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has a
variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters.

Actions taken by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 and 2013 to provide
assistance to producers impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.875 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives

Program (EQIP) to target states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.

Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program.

Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and
other programs. Additional information is also available online at
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

Sec. Vilsack also reminds producers that Congress has not funded the five
disaster assistance programs authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill. These are SURE;
the Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP); the Emergency Assistance for Livestock,
Honey Bees, and Farm-Raised Fish (ELAP); the Livestock Forage Disaster Program
(LFP); and the Tree Assistance Program (TAP). Production losses due to disasters
occurring after Sept. 30, 2011, are not eligible for disaster program coverage.

Our hearts go out to those Idaho farmers and ranchers affected by recent natural
disasters. President Obama and I are committed to ensuring that agriculture
remains a bright spot in our nation's economy by sustaining the successes of
America's farmers, ranchers, and rural communities through these difficult
times."

-Tom Vilsack U.S. Department of Agriculture secretary

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEI

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 Weiser Signal American


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Valley News & Views (Drayton, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 24, 2011

Pembina County Farmers Now Eligible for USDA Disaster Emergency Loans

BYLINE: Valley News & Views staff

LENGTH: 255  words


Farmers in Pembina County who suffered physical and production losses due to
combined effects of spring snowstorms, frosts and freezes in late spring and
early fall, excessive rain, flooding, ground saturation, landslides, high winds,
hail, tornadoes, periods of unseasonably cool spring temperatures, excessive
summer heat, and weather related insects that occurred January 1, 2011 and
continuing may now apply for Farm Service Agency Emergency loans, Farm Manager
Linda Werven announced last week.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months for Pembina County
farmers, meaning the deadline for applications to be filed is June 25, 2012.

Although the authority for Emergency Loan processing has been given, all
potential Emergency Loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to
complete an application for loan processing until after all information for
their farm operation pertaining to actual physical losses and production losses,
disaster payments to crop insurance benefits, and to any other crop production
compensation is available and can be documented.

Farm Loan Manager Werven said farmers who suffered a qualifying
productionlossofatleast30% from normal and are unable to get credit elsewhere,
may apply for reduced interest loans to cover up to 100% of their losses. The
loans carry a 3.75 percent interest rate. To qualify for physical losses there
does not have to be a qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA County
Office at 701-265-4333.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VNV

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 Valley News & Views


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 20, 2012 Friday

BRIEF: Family-sized farm operators eligible for low-interest emergency loans

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 163 words


July 20--Gov. John Hickenlooper declared all Colorado counties as primary or
contiguous disaster counties due to drought and related disasters that have
occurred in 2012. This designation makes all family-sized farm operators in
primary and contiguous counties eligible to be considered for low-interest
emergency loans from Farm Service Agency, provided eligibility requirements are
met.

The deadline for filing an application is March 4, 2013.

The Farm Service Agency will consider each loan application, taking into account
the extent of losses, security available, repayment ability and other
eligibility requirements.

For applications and further information, contact your local Farm Service Agency
county office.

The Weld County office is located at 4302 9th St. Road in Greeley, and can be
reached at (970) 397-8097 ext. 2.

___ (c)2012 Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune (Greeley,
Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120720-GY-BRF-Family-sized-farm-operators-eligible-for-low-interest-
emergency-loans-20120720

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2012 Greeley Tribune


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 19, 2012 Thursday

BRIEF: Family-sized farm operators eligible for low-interest emergency loans

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 163 words


July 19--Gov. John Hickenlooper declared all Colorado counties as primary or
contiguous disaster counties due to drought and related disasters that have
occurred in 2012. This designation makes all family-sized farm operators in
primary and contiguous counties eligible to be considered for low-interest
emergency loans from Farm Service Agency, provided eligibility requirements are
met.

The deadline for filing an application is March 4, 2013.

The Farm Service Agency will consider each loan application, taking into account
the extent of losses, security available, repayment ability and other
eligibility requirements.

For applications and further information, contact your local Farm Service Agency
county office.

The Weld County office is located at 4302 9th St. Road in Greeley, and can be
reached at (970) 397-8097 ext. 2.

___ (c)2012 Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune (Greeley,
Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120719-GY-BRF-Family-sized-farm-operators-eligible-for-low-interest-
emergency-loans-20120719

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2012 Greeley Tribune


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              June 27, 1988 Monday
                                  Late Edition

US GOVERNMENT TO BEAR BRUNT OF FARM LOAN LOSSES

BYLINE: Source: _AP-Dow Jones

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 762 words


Banks and other traditional US farm lenders may be able to avoid heavy losses
from the drought because of the Government's growing role in financing the
operations of US farmers.

Bankers, economists and agriculture officials say the Government's share of loan
losses from the drought is likely to be much higher than in previous dry spells.

This is because many Federal subsidy payments are made in advance of planting
under the current farm programme. These payments, which total $US4.3 billion,
often replace the planting loans farmers get from commercial banks, the Farm
Credit System and other lenders.

If crops fail, many farmers will not be able to pay back the advances.

Mr James Kirk, president of the Farm Credit System's Omaha bank, said about 85
per cent of farmers in his four-State area used the advance payments to plant.

"Smaller, healthier farmers haven't had to rely on borrowed money. The advance
payments have taken care of a lot of their requirements," he said.

Mr Richard Kovacevich, vice-chairman of Norwest Corp, one of the nation's
biggest agricultural lenders, said: "It's a Government drought."

He said the Minneapolis-based bank expected few loan losses from the drought,
largely because Federal payments, guarantees and other aspects of farm
programmes would bear the brunt of losses should the drought continue.

Other banks, the Farm Credit System and even the Government's own Farmers Home
Administration say their planting loan volume is down sharply under the latest
farm programme.

The Government expects the drought to save it money overall because market
prices for grains have soared.

That narrows the difference between market and so-called target prices that must
be made up with subsidy payments. The Government's increased financing role will
nonetheless reduce those savings.

The situation shows how the 1985 farm legislation, which has flooded the farm
economy with cash over the past three years, also expanded the Government's
exposure to losses.

Administration officials and members of Congress are already proposing emergency
relief, and the cost could run into billions of dollars.

"The Federal Government is going to be in for a lick," said Mr Brian Crowley, a
deputy director at the General Accounting Office.

He said emergency disaster loans made by the Government's Farmers Home
Administration tended to be "the toughest ones to collect".

Rather than make emergency loans, the Government could merely let farmers keep
the advance subsidy payments, he said.

Among the larger crops covered in the farm programme, use of the payments is
heavy. The $US4.3 billion of payments outstanding is a small sum compared with
the approximately $US140 billion of farm debt nationally, but it is among the
most likely to go uncollected.

Much farm debt is secured by real estate and other hard assets.

And banks, for the most part, have been more conservative in making planting
loans since the farm crisis unfolded.

Farm credit and commercial banks have been making far fewer operating loans,
cutting into their profits in good times but now, amid the drought, limiting
their potential losses.

"Everybody is less loaned up than in the past," said Mr Gundy Gunderson,
president of Commercial State Bank in Wausa, Nebraska.

Less than half of his $US18 million of assets is in loans, compared with 80 per
cent a few years ago.

An Agriculture Department economist, Mr Greg Gajewski, said: "The banks are in a
better position than they were in 1983", the last widespread drought.

Mr Kovacevich said: "We've got four cushions against losses from the drought,
all largely provided by the Government: subsidised crop insurance, a likely
emergency disaster loan programme or some other Federal bail-out, the fact that
some farmers have residual financial strength because of previous programmes,
and a strong outlook for prices next year."

Unfortunately, for farmers who have been operating near the brink of insolvency,
a crop ruined by drought could mean there will not be a next year- and federally
owned and controlled lenders finance most of these farmers.

Farmers Home Administration, the agricultural lender of last resort, and the
Farm Credit System have thousands of borrowers who could be hurt.

Mr Brent Beesley, president of the Farm Credit Corp of America, an arm of the
Farm Credit System, said the system had restructured 15,000 loans to troubled
borrowers in the past 18 months. Another 80,000 borrowers represented potential
problems.

"Clearly, a major decrease in farm income (from the drought) could push some of
them back into the problem state," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1988 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

No farm loan waiver needed for Andhra and Telangana: Reserve Bank of India
Governor Raghuram Rajan

BYLINE: CR Sukumar

SECTION: FINANCE

LENGTH: 441 words


HYDERABAD: Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan has said the
agricultural production data of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana does not appear to
warrant a farm loan waiver, spelling a possible setback to both Telugu Desam
Party and Telangana Rashtra Samithi that came to power in the two states
respectively on poll promises of waiving farm loans of thousands of crores of
rupees.

Even as governments of the two states are yet to obtain approvals from the
banking regulator to reschedule farm loans amounting to more than Rs 1 lakh
crore, millions of farmers have refused to repay loans.

Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu has said the government will
waive loans of Rs 37,900 crore while the neighbouring state has put the loan
waiver figure at Rs 20,000 crore.

On the sidelines of monetary policy announcement on Tuesday, Rajan referred to
an RBI master circular that allows certain categories of loans to be
restructured.

Pointing out that district collectors can declare a state of emergency
triggering loan restructuring whenever farm production falls below 50 per cent
because of natural calamities, Rajan said neither such emergency was declared
nor request for restructuring was made owing to a variety of factors.

Prima facie, Rajan said, the criterion of 50 per cent farm production was not
met by any district in the two states. "It is not a hard and fast rule but it is
a rule of thumb that we have used in the master circular," he said.

Rajan acknowledged the dangers of a farm loan waiver since potential
beneficiaries might stop paying in anticipation of a waiver. However, he said
RBI had some assurances that "whatever ultimate scheme is devised will not
reward just the non-payers and that there will be a scheme that will not
encourage moral hazard".

Reacting sharply to this, the AP Planning Commission vice chairman Cherukuri
Kutumba Rao told ET, "As acknowledged by the RBI governor himself, the district
collectors did not declare emergency to trigger loan restructuring since there
was no government then. Now that there is an elected government in place, the
exercise to identify the affected mandals was done necessitating farm loan
restructuring. RBI cannot override what the district collectors have declared on
the damages."

Rajan said discussions were on with the governments of AP and Telangana to
arrive at a more focused assessment of farm production damages and to take a
more reasoned and focused view on the issue.

"Right now, there is no scheme on the table. I think there are statements and
there are discussions but nothing really has been concretised," he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                           October 14, 2010 Thursday

FSA programs available to producers with damage to crops caused by alfalfa
cutworm

BYLINE: From the Current-Argus Submitted to the Current-Argus

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 387 words


WASHINGTON, D.C. -- On Sept. 14, 2010, a Secretarial Disaster Designation S3033
was signed by the Secretary of Agriculture, Thomas J. Vilsack, designating Eddy
County in New Mexico a disaster from weather related events that resulted in an
outbreak of alfalfa cutworms.

A secretarial disaster designation makes farm operators in both primary and
contiguous counties eligible to be considered for assistance from USDA's Farm
Service Agency, provided eligibility requirements are met. This assistance
includes FSA Emergency Loans and the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program.
Farmers in eligible counties have 8 months from the date of the Secretarial
disaster declaration to apply for emergency loan assistance. FSA will consider
each emergency loan application on its own merits, taking into account the
extent of production losses, security available, and repayment ability. SURE
Program applications for 2010 crop losses will be accepted in 2011, when the
2010 farm revenue data required by statute becomes available.

Small business loans for small, non-farm businesses in Eddy County will be
eligible to apply for low-interest disaster loans from the US Small Business
Administration. Small, non-farm businesses, small agricultural cooperatives and
most private, non-profit organizations of any size may qualify for Economic
Injury Disaster Loans of up to $2 million to help meet financial obligations and
operating expenses which could have been met had the disaster not occurred.

The Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program is also another option to those
producers who have purchased the coverage for those crops that have been
affected for 2010. Producers need to contact the office within 15 days of the
disaster occurrence to report the loss. If producers have coverage, have a loss,
and have not reported it to the county office they need to do so immediately
before destruction of the crop.

FSA has a variety of programs available, in addition to the emergency loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity. Interested farmers may
contact their local FSA office at (575) 887-3506 extension 2 for further
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures.

More information is also available online at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/pas/disaster/assistance1.htm or http://www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 7, 2013 Sunday

Iowa farmers can file for emergency loans

BYLINE: The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


July 07--The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated 83 Iowa counties as
part of a Presidential Major Disaster Designation. Eligible family farmers with
qualifying production and physical losses caused by severe storms, tornadoes and
flooding from May 19 through June 14 may be eligible for low-interest emergency
loans.

The Presidential Major Disaster Designation has been issued for 47 Iowa counties
as the primary disaster area. These primary counties are: Appanoose, Benton,
Buchanan, Buena Vista, Butler, Cherokee, Chickasaw, Clay, Clayton, Crawford,
Davis, Delaware, Des Moines, Fayette, Floyd, Franklin, Greene, Grundy, Hardin,
Henry, Ida, Iowa, Jasper, Johnson, Jones, Keokuk, Lee, Linn, Louisa, Lyon,
Mahaska, Marshall, Mitchell, Monona, Monroe, O'Brien, Palo Alto, Plymouth,
Poweshiek, Sac, Sioux, Story, Tama, Wapello, Webster, Winnebago and Wright.

Thirty-six Iowa counties are contiguous to this designated disaster area, making
these producers also potentially eligible for program based on this designation.
The contiguous counties are: Allamakee, Audubon, Black Hawk, Boone, Bremer,
Calhoun, Carroll, Cedar, Cerro Gordo, Clinton, Dallas, Dickinson, Dubuque,
Emmet, Guthrie, Hamilton, Hancock, Harrison, Howard, Humboldt, Jackson,
Jefferson, Kossuth, Lucas, Marion, Muscatine, Osceola, Pocahontas, Polk, Shelby,
Van Buren, Washington, Wayne, Winneshiek, Woodbury and Worth.

The Farm Service Agency may make emergency loans to eligible family farmers,
which will enable them to return to their normal operations if they sustained
qualifying losses resulting from natural disaster. Physical loss loans may be
made to eligible farmers to enable them to repair or replace damaged or
destroyed physical property, including livestock losses, essential to the
success of the farming operation.

Examples of property commonly affected include; essential farm buildings,
fixtures to real estate, equipment, livestock, perennial crops, fruit and nut
bearing trees, and harvested or stored crops. For production loss loans, the
disaster yield must be at least 30 percent below the normal production yield of
the crop, on a crop or crops that make up a basic part of the total farming
operation.

An applicant must be unable to obtain credit from other usual sources to qualify
for the Farm Service Agency Farm Loan Program assistance. The interest rate for
emergency loans is 2.375 percent. Each applicant applying for credit will be
given equal consideration without regard to race, creed, color, marital status
or national origin.

The repayment for most disaster loans are based on the useful life of the
security, the applicant's repayment ability and the type of loss. If the loan is
secured only on crops, it must be repaid when the next crop year's income is
received. Loans to replace fixtures to real estate may be scheduled for
repayment for up to 40 years.

The final date for making an application under this designation is March 3,
2014.

Interested farmers may contact their local County FSA office for further
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and
other programs. Information also can be found on-line at www.fsa.usda.gov.

___ (c)2013 The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa) Visit The Hawk Eye (Burlington,
Iowa) at www.thehawkeye.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130707-QW-Iowa-farmers-can-file-for-emergency-loans-0707-20130707

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2013 The Hawk Eye


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Anson Record, Wadesboro, N.C.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 3, 2015 Tuesday

BRIEF: Emergency loans available for Anson farmers

BYLINE: The Anson Record, Wadesboro, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 204 words


Nov. 03--Family farmers in Anson and other counties bordering the state line who
suffered crop losses in the South Carolina floods can apply for emergency loans
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency.

On Oct. 26, President Barack Obama declared a major disaster in South Carolina
based on damages and losses caused by severe storms and flooding that occurred
from Oct. 1-23.

In accordance with Section 321(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development
Act, six adjacent counties in North Carolina are named as contiguous counties
where eligible family farmers may qualify for FSA emergency loan assistance.
These counties are Anson, Union, Mecklenburg, Richmond, Scotland and Robeson.

Suzanne Simpson of the local FSA said Anson County farmers can apply for
emergency loans for physical and production losses by June 27, 2016.

The local office is located at 3230-A Presson Road, Monroe, and has office hours
of 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.

Simpson said any farmer who suffered a physical or production loss should
contact the FSA office for additional information.

___ (c)2015 The Anson Record (Wadesboro, N.C.) Visit The Anson Record
(Wadesboro, N.C.) at www.ansonrecord.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151103-1AN-BRF-Emergency-loans
-available-for-Anson-farmers-1103-20151103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AN


                Copyright 2015 The Anson Record, Wadesboro, N.C.


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Moultrie Observer (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 14, 2012 Saturday

USDA announces disaster response improvements

BYLINE: The Moultrie Observer, Ga.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 882 words


July 14--WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently
announced a package of program improvements that are expected to deliver faster
and more flexible assistance to farmers and ranchers devastated by natural
disasters.

Vilsack announced three significant improvements to decades-old USDA programs
and processes related to secretarial disaster designations: a final rule that
simplifies the process for secretarial disaster designations and will result in
a 40 percent reduction in processing time for most counties affected by
disasters; a reduced interest rate for emergency loans that effectively lowers
the current rate from 3.75 percent to 2.25 percent; and a payment reduction on
Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) lands qualified for emergency haying and
grazing in 2012, from 25 to 10 percent.

"Agriculture remains a bright spot in our nation's economy and it is
increasingly important that USDA has the tools to act quickly and deliver
assistance to farmers and ranchers when they need it most," said Vilsack. "By
amending the secretarial disaster designation, we're creating a more efficient
and effective process. And by delivering lower interest rates on emergency loans
and providing greater flexibility for haying and grazing on CRP lands, we're
keeping more farmers in business and supporting our rural American communities
through difficult times. With these improvements, we're also telling American
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."

A natural disaster designation makes all qualified farm operators in the
designated areas eligible for low interest emergency loans. The Secretary of
Agriculture is authorized to designate disaster counties to make disaster
assistance programs available to farmers and ranchers. Previous to these
changes, the process had been in place for more than two decades and regulations
had not been substantively revised since 1988.

The final rule for secretarial disaster designations is amended as follows:

--Nearly automatically qualifies a disaster county once it is categorized by the
U.S. Drought Monitor as a severe drought for eight consecutive weeks during the
growing season. Effective July 12, 1,016 primary counties in 26 states will be
designated as natural disaster areas, making all qualified farm operators in the
designated areas eligible for low interest emergency loans from USDA's Farm
Service Agency (FSA), provided eligibility requirements are met.

--Streamlines the USDA secretarial designation process, which is expected to
provide better service to farmers and ranchers by reducing by approximately 40
percent the amount of time required for designating a disaster area.

--Removes the requirement that a request for a disaster designation be initiated
by a state governor or Indian tribal council, increasing the likelihood that
counties will be covered. Indian tribal councils and governors may still submit
a request for a designation, but it will not be required in order to initiate a
disaster declaration.

--The same criteria currently being used for triggering a disaster designation
will apply: a county must either show a 30 percent production loss of at least
one crop countywide, or a decision must be made by surveying producers to
determine that other lending institutions are not able to provide emergency
financing.

During times of need, USDA has historically responded to disasters across the
country by providing direct support, disaster assistance, technical assistance,
and access to credit. USDA's low-interest emergency loans have helped producers
recover from losses due to drought, flooding and other natural disasters for
decades. While the current emergency loan interest rate was set in 1993 at 3.75
percent, commercial farm loan and other FSA farm loan interest rates have since
been reduced without a corresponding reduction in the emergency loan rate. By
reducing the interest rates to 2.25 percent, emergency loans immediately come
into line with other rates in the marketplace and provide a much-needed resource
for producers hoping to recover from production and physical losses associated
with natural disasters.

As part of ongoing efforts to provide greater flexibility in service to American
agriculture, USDA also announced that the annual rental payment by producers on
CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing will be reduced to 10 percent in
2012, instead of 25 percent, in response to the seriousness of the drought
gripping large portions of the United States.

USDA encourages all farmers and ranchers to contact their crop insurance
companies and local USDA Farm Service Agency Service Centers, as applicable, to
report damages to crops or livestock loss. In addition, USDA reminds livestock
producers to keep thorough records of losses, including additional expenses for
such things as food purchased due to lost supplies. More information about
federal crop insurance may be found at www.rma.usda.gov. Additional resources to
help farmers and ranchers deal with flooding may be found at
www.usda.gov/disaster.

___ (c)2012 The Moultrie Observer (Moultrie, Ga.) Visit The Moultrie Observer
(Moultrie, Ga.) at www.moultrieobserver.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120714-GJ-USDA-announces-disaster-response-improvements-0714-20120714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GJ


                      Copyright 2012 The Moultrie Observer


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Jefferson Post (West Jefferson, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 21, 2013 Thursday

Ashe County farmers eligible for FSA emergency loans

BYLINE: Wil Petty, Jefferson Post, West Jefferson, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 295 words


Nov. 21--Farmers in Ashe County are eligible for Farm Service Agency Emergency
loans, following an Oct. 29 declaration by President Barack Obama, which
declared the county as part of a major disaster area.

Six counties in the state, including Ashe, were declared eligible for assistance
following the severe storms, flooding, landslides and mudslides that occurred on
July 27. Avery, Catawba, Lincoln, Watauga and Wilkes were also included in the
declaration.

"(The declaration) was effective on Oct. 29 so farmers can apply for assistance
through June 30, 2014," said Melissa Hodges, farm loan manager for the FSA.

The loans can be used to restore or replace property, pay production costs
associated with the disaster, pay family living expenses, reorganize the farming
operation and refinancing debts relating to the farm, minus real estate.

Hodges said there is no estimate on the amount of money that has been put aside
to cover the loans.

Alongside the six counties, an additional 12 are eligible for the emergency
loans as they border one of the counties.

"That is the same disaster declaration," Hodges said. "If your county has been
declared a disaster area, any county which borders it are also brought into the
disaster declaration."

Hodges said farmers can go to the local office, inside the Agriculture Services
building in Jefferson or fill out forms online.

Farmers who have experienced a physical or production loss with any crop should
contact the local office.

The FSA office in Ashe also covers those affected in Alleghany County. Office
hours are from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday.

___ (c)2013 the Jefferson Post (West Jefferson, N.C.) Visit the Jefferson Post
(West Jefferson, N.C.) at www.jeffersonpost.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131121-1WJ-Ashe-County-farmers-eligible-for-FSA-emergency-loans
-1121-20131121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WJ


                         Copyright 2013 Jefferson Post


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Northwood Anchor (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 23, 2011

Farms eligible for disaster designation

BYLINE: The Northwood Anchor staff

LENGTH: 359  words


Iowa State Executive Director for USDA Farm Service Agency, John R. Whitaker,
announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated six Iowa
counties as part of a Secretarial Natural Disaster Designation. Farm operators
who have suffered major production and/or physical losses caused by high winds
on Sept. 2, 2011, may be eligible for low-interest emergency loans. Other
programs may also be made available to assist farmers, including the Supplement
Revenue Assistance Program (SURE) due to this designation.

A Secretarial Natural Disaster Designation has been issued for Mitchell County,
Iowa, as the primary disaster area. Five Iowa counties are contiguous to this
designation disaster area, making these producers also potentially eligible for
programs based on this designation. The contiguous counties are Cerro Gordo,
Chickasaw, Floyd, Howard and Worth.

The Farm Service Agency may make emergency loans to eligible family farmers,
which will enable them to return to their normal operations if they sustained
qualifying lasses resulting from natural disaster. Physical loss loans may be
made to eligible farmers to enable them to repair or replace damaged or
destroyed physical property, including livestock losses, essential to the
success of the farming operation. For production loss loans, the disaster yield
must be at least 30 percent below the normal production yield of the crop, on a
crop or crops that make up a basic part of the total farming operation.

Applicants must be unable to obtain credit from other usual sources to qualify
for the Farm Service Agency Farm Loan Program assistance. The interest rate for
emergency loans is 3.75 percent.

The repayment for most disaster loans is based on the useful life of the
security, the applicant's repayment ability and the type of loss. If the loan is
secured only on crops, it must be repaid when the next crop year's income is
received. Loans to replace fixtures to real estate may be scheduled for
repayment for up to 40 years.

The final date for applying under the designation is July 9, 2012. Interested
farmers may contact their local County FSA office for further information.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NWA

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 The Northwood Anchor


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            August 22, 2006 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Farmers shun drought loans

BYLINE: ART HOVEY, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 919 words


Despite publicity surrounding emergency loans, only eight have been taken out in
Nebraska.

Emergency loans for farmers are regularly promoted as the primary benefit of
designating Nebraska counties as victims of weather extremes.

Residents of Lincoln and Omaha may feel relieved that help is on the way to
hard-pressed rural areas.

But in another dry year in which about 60 of the state's 93 counties fit the
federal disaster profile, only eight of the approximately 1,600 agricultural
loans made through the Farm Service Agency are from the emergency category.

That's the case though "emergency" suggests urgency and though emergency loans
typically are made at lower interest rates. The curious lack of demand is part
of a pattern that extends through a succession of drought years.

In 2002, for example, one of the most severe departures from normal
precipitation levels, there were no emergency loans at all in Nebraska.

Rich Barta, farm loan chief at Farm Service Agency headquarters in Lincoln,
acknowledged low numbers of emergency loans again in 2006, despite a 3.75
percent interest rate.

"For all the publicity and so forth that goes out in connection with the
designations, yes, it may be true that we don't have large numbers of emergency
loans," Barta said Monday.

"But I think the thing we don't want to overlook is that all the publicity we
get does cause a lot of operators to come into our offices across the state."

Farmers and ranchers making that lending trip help to regularly rank Nebraska at
or near the top in total loan volume - both direct loans and others guaranteed
at banks - for the agency.

The state was tops in the nation in that overall category as recently as 2003,
second in 2004 and third in 2005. So far this fiscal year, Nebraska is first in
overall agricultural lending from the federal level at $145.5 million.

"If the question is, are we serving farmers and ranchers in Nebraska," Barta
said, "the thing I'd like to point out is how well we're doing against other
states."

He also mentioned other possible factors that limit emergency loan applications
here and elsewhere.

For example, the amount of money a producer can qualify for based on 30 percent
crop losses may not be enough to resolve an emergency.

In a given case, "you really need to make a guaranteed loan to restructure their
operation to get them on sound basis."

As another limiting factor, most farmers wait until they have harvested all
their crops to decide about applying for emergency financing, Barta said. But
the 2003 state total of emergency loans, coming on the heels of the 2002
drought, was only 12.

Nobody seemed to suggest that a lack of emergency loans means a lack of an
emergency.

Wheat yields this year in Kimball County, one of many under drought designation,
were below average.

As the state's Climate Assessment Response Committee prepares to meet today in
Lincoln, precipitation remains far below normal in much of the state west of
Grand Island.

Meanwhile, the Rural Response Hotline in Bancroft continues to average more than
350 calls per month, paralegal Michelle Soll said. Many of the callers face crop
and livestock crises, Soll said.

"People are wanting to know their options. What else can they do?"

In neighboring South Dakota, where drought also had been a big factor in 2006,
Barta's agency counterpart, Arnie Claeys, also reported few emergency
applications.

The biggest reason, as Claeys sees it, is that many farmers wait to see whether
Congress will provide direct payments under its latest disaster relief bill.

Direct payments have yet to receive approval this year as lawmakers get ready to
pause for the November election.

Others with an eye on Nebraska's ag-lending sector said there may be other
reasons why farmers in dire straits pass up federal emergency loans.

Dave Goeller, an agriculture transition specialist at the University of
Nebraska-Lincoln, cited red tape and a requirement that the borrower be turned
down for a loan from his or her regular, private-sector lender before seeking
federal financial help.

"Theoretically, at least, you're not supposed to be able to get credit
elsewhere," Goeller said. "And yet you're supposed to have an acceptable credit
history and be able to offer adequate collateral for a loan."

Beyond that, he said, "oftentimes, a loan is not the answer to a disaster.
Sometimes it adds to the problem. Now you have another loan payment that you
have to make next year."

George Beattie, president of the Nebraska Bankers Association, said lenders were
reluctant "to have to sign a letter saying you won't finance that person. And,
if you would (finance), obviously, you can't send the letter."

John Hansen, president of the Nebraska Farmers Union, said farming and ranching
customers also were reluctant to ask longtime lenders for letters of rejection.

"It's one thing when your wife files for divorce," Hansen said. "It's another
thing when your bank says it's over.

"When a relationship between a producer and a banker is severed, in most cases -
not all, but in most cases - it's the final straw."

Reach Art Hovey at 523-4949 or ahovey@alltel.net.

BY THE NUMBERS

Despite widespread signs of another drought disaster in Nebraska in 2006,
federal emergency loans offered to agricultural producers as part of the first
line of defense are not rising accordingly.

* Direct and Guaranteed Loans: 1,593*

* Total Loan Volume: $145.5 million (tops in nation)

* Emergency Loans: 8

Source: Farm Service Agency, USDA, Lincoln

* Figures cover a fiscal year that began Oct. 1

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             October 5, 2008 Sunday

Agriculture Briefs

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 502 words


Farmers may apply

for emergency loans

The U.S. Department of Agriculture recently announced that farm operators who
have suffered major forage/crop production and/or physical losses caused by
extreme weather may be eligible for emergency loans.

Applications for assistance should be completed at the Dubuque County office at
210 Bierman Road in Epworth, Iowa.

The Farm Service Agency might make emergency loans to eligible family farmers,
which will enable them to return to their normal operations if they sustained
qualifying losses resulting from natural disasters. Physical loss loans may be
made to eligible farmers to enable them to repair or replace damaged or
destroyed physical property essential to the success of the farming operation.
Examples of property commonly affected include essential farm buildings,
fixtures to the real estate, equipment, livestock, perennial crops, fruit and
nut bearing trees and harvested or stored crops.

Applicants must be unable to obtain credit from other usual sources to qualify
for the Farm Service Agency Farm Loan Program assistance. The interest rate for
the emergency loans is 3.75 percent.

Agriculture Lender's

Seminar scheduled

The 22nd annual Tri-State Agriculture Lender's Seminar will be held from 9:45
a.m. to

3 p.m. Wednesday, Oct. 29, at the Best Western Midway Hotel in Dubuque.

This year's focus is on market outlooks for livestock, grains and dairy. Topics
will include dairy outlook and policy updates, dairy goat financial risks,
bio-economy and livestock marketing updates, agriculture prices and grain
marketing outlooks.

A registration cost of $45 is due by Wednesday, Oct. 22. To register, contact
Larry Tranel at ISU Extension in Dubuque County at 563-583-6496.

Exemption granted

on Iowa weight limits

On Oct. 1, Iowa Gov. Chet Culver issued an emergency disaster proclamation
granting a temporary motor vehicle weight limit exemption to help farmers move
this year's harvest.

The governor's proclamation mirrors the one issued last harvest season and
includes a formula for maximum weights.

Statewide maximum gross weight is 88,000 pounds. Maximum axle weight limit is
20,000 pounds.

It cannot exceed the maximum axle weight limit determined under the non-primary
highway maximum gross weight table by more than 10 percent. The Iowa Department
of Transportation prepared a table that lists the allowable axle weight limits
under the proclamation. The chart is available online at iowadot.gov. Click on
the "Harvest Proclamation" image to view the table.

Duration of the proclamation is 60 days beginning Oct. 1, 2008.

Allowable products include soybeans, corn, hay, straw and stover. Travel is
allowed on all highways, except the interstate system. Maximum gross weight must
comply with the posted weight limits on roads and bridges.

Questions about the provisions of this proclamation should be directed to the
Iowa DOT's Office of Motor Vehicle Enforcement at 800-925-6469, Monday through
Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m., or send an e-mail to omve@dot.iowa.gov

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       McAlester News-Capital (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 12, 2009 Thursday

Farm loans offered

BYLINE: James Beaty, McAlester News-Capital, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 533 words


Feb. 12--Severe weather can hit farmers and ranchers with some crunching blows,
but an emergency farm loan program is designed to help them recover.

U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack declared 39 counties in Oklahoma as
primary disaster areas.

As a result, farmers and ranchers in Pittsburg, Hughes, McIntosh and Latimer
counties may be eligible for federal low interest emergency loans if they
suffered losses caused by the combined effects of multiple disasters.

The disasters include ice storms, low temperatures, frost and freezes. The time
period covered extends from Dec. 8, 2007, to Oct. 31, 200 -- a time which
includes the 2007 ice storm that hit the McAlester area.

Money from the emergency loans may by used to buy seed, fuel or fertilizer, or
used for repairs, according to John T. Bain, the Farm Service Agency loan
operator for Pittsburg, Latimer, McIntosh and Hughes counties.

"A farmer can use the money for the most essential operating and living costs,"
he said.

Those who grow hay, pecans, vegetables, fruits, grains or particular types of
livestock may be eligible for the loans.

The types of livestock that are covered by the program include "goats, cattle,
sheep and pigs," Bain said.

"No horses and nothing exotic, such as ostriches and emus" are covered by the
program, he said.

"If you're growing it, producing it to be eaten or eaten by something that's
going to be eaten," you might qualify for the program, Bain said.

Anyone who is interested in the program needs to phone the Pittsburg County FSA
office at 423-4073 and make an appointment, Bain said.

"We need production records for the past three years and tax records for the
past three years showing where they've been in production," Bain said. Sales
receipts showing items that have been sold would also be helpful.

For example, if a pecan-grower typically harvested 100 pounds of pecans from a
tree, but harvested far less because of damage to the tree because of the ice
storm, the sales records will help him figure what the loss is, Bain said.

In addition to having suffered direct losses because of the disaster, eligible
applicants must also be unable to get credit from other sources, according to
Bain.

Even if a farmer or rancher should not qualify for one of the emergency loans,
there may be other assistance available through other FSA regular loan programs.

"We have some fantastic-interest loans," Bain said.

Loan applications will be accepted through Sept. 2, 2009.

Pittsburg, McIntosh and Hughes counties were among the 39 counties declared as
primary disaster areas. Farm operators in contiguous counties are also eligible
to be considered for low interest loans, with Latimer County included under the
contiguous county designation.

Contact James Beaty at jbeaty@mcalesternews.com

To see more of the McAlester News-Capital or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.mcalesternews.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, McAlester News-Capital,
Okla. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090212-ZO-Farm-loans-offered-0212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZO


                                 Copyright 2009


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Holmes County Herald (Lexington, Mississippi)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 19, 2013

Holmes County to receive FSA Disaster Loan applications

BYLINE: Holmes County Herald staff

LENGTH: 391  words


"Emergency loans for farmers, ranchers, and operators are available through the
Attala County Office of the Farm Service Agency," Robert E. Taylor Jr, FSA Farm
Loan Manager, said in an interview Dec. 16.

According to Taylor, this authority is pursuant to Secretary Vilsack's
declaration on December 11, 2013, of a major disaster in Mississippi caused by
drought that occurred from August 27 through October 21, 2013. As a result,
Holmes County has been designated a primary natural disaster area eligible for
Federal Disaster assistance pursuant to Section 321 (a) of the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act.

Applications for assistance in the disaster-stricken county will be accepted by
FSA through August 11, 2014.

Farmers qualifying for emergency loans may borrow up to 100 percent of their
actual production loss or the amount needed to restore their operation to its
pre-di-saster condition, whichever is less. The new emergency loan and
outstanding principal balance of any existing emergency loan owed by the
applicant or any individual member of an entity cannot exceed $500,000.00.

FSA emergency loans cover losses from designated disasters and are made to
qualified farmers who cannot obtain credit from other lenders in the local area.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination in all of its
programs and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin, age,
disability, and where applicable, sex, marital status, familial status, parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, political beliefs, genetic information,
reprisal, or because all or part of an individual's income is derived from any
public assistance program. (Not all prohibited bases apply to all programs.)
Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact
USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD). To file a complaint of
discrimination, write to USDA, Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Office of
the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Stop
9410, Washington, DC 20250-9410, or call toll-free at (866) 632-9992 (English)
or (800) 877-8339 (TDD) or (866) 377-8642 (English Federal-relay) or (800)
845-6136 (Spanish Federal-relay). USDA is an equal opportunity provider and
employer.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HCH

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Holmes County Herald


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Dickey County Leader (Ellendale, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 26, 2009

DICKEY and SARGENT COUNTY FARMERS NOW ELIGIBLE FOR USDA DISASTER EMERGENCY LOANS

BYLINE: The Dickey County Leader staff

LENGTH: 264  words


Farmers in Dickey and Sargent Counties who suffered physical and production
losses because of severe storms with hail, high winds, flooding, and grasshopper
infestations that occured January 1, 2009 and continuing, may now apply for Farm
Service Agency Emergency Loans, Farm Loan Manager Loren L, Dregs said today.

Dickey and Sargent Counties are eligible to make EM Loans because they are
bordering a county in South Dakota that was designated a major disaster area.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months. For Dickey and
Sargent County farmers, this means the deadline for applications to be filed in
June 14, 2010.

Although the authority for Emergency Loan processing has been given, all
potential EM loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete
an application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual production losses, disaster payments, to crop
insurance benefits and to other crop production compensation is available and
can be documented.

Drege said farmers who suffered a qualifying loss of at least 30% from normal
and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for reduced interest loans to
cover up to 100% of their losses. The loans carry a 3.75 percent interest rate.
To qualify for physical losses, there does not have to be a qualifying loss
amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA Office
at 211 South Main Street in LaMoure, ND or contact the FSA - Farm Loan Program
Office in LaMoure at (701) 883-5217 Option 4 (Farm Loan Programs).

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DIC

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2009 The Dickey County Leader


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                     August 14, 1999 Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

Growing pains;
 Officials listen to farmers' woes

BYLINE: John J. Monahan; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 769 words

DATELINE: NORTHBORO



Clouds kept gathering  over the tent set up yesterday for an outdoor luncheon at
Maurice Tougas' Family Farm. But no matter how often the 150 farmers at the
luncheon looked up hopefully,  the rain never came.

For the farmers, who had gathered to talk with federal officials about emergency
drought loans, foreign competition and other subjects, it was just one more dry
afternoon at the peak of the growing season.

"The fruit is small sized. Vegetables are drying up. Pastures are dried up.
Dairy farmers aren't getting second and third cuttings of hay. It's not an
emergency in the Northeast, it's a disaster," said August  Schumacher Jr.,
undersecretary of the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Schumacher and U.S. Rep. James P. McGovern, D-Worcester, who arranged the town
meeting-style gathering, both criticized Republican members of Congress, who
voted to recess for the summer break before acting on the Emergency Farm Bill to
help drought-stricken farmers.

"We are going to go back to work with Congress and try to get some relief up
here for the Northeast," said Schumacher, who served as the state's agriculture
commissioner in the 1980s.

"It was a terrible year last year because of the flooding, and now it's another
terrible year because it's the driest in 60 years here and, in some cases, 100
years."

EMERGENCY LOANS

Worcester County, along with Berkshire and Hampden counties, this week was added
to the area in which farmers are eligible for emergency loans. But   McGovern
and Schumacher said the amount available is limited because emergency funds are
being used  for the loans. Additional money will have to be approved by Congress
to meet the need.

Schumacher said the U.S. Department of Agriculture has recommended that Gov.
Paul Cellucci request a federal farm disaster area designation for the rest of
Massachusetts.

Once that is done, he said, farmers would be eligible for emergency irrigation
assistance, as well as for federal loans to cover severe crop losses.

Schumacher said that while the drought is eating up narrow profit margins of the
region's family farms, a "silver lining" of the crisis could be that Washington
will finally pay more attention to  New England farmers.

In the long term, Schumacher said,  a more balanced federal agriculture policy
is needed.

"We have a policy that, by and large, has helped the Midwest. ... But I think
now with this drought in the Northeast, we are going to try to get a little more
balance to get some help for the smaller farmer."

Throughout a two-hour session that had McGovern and Schumacher sporting
rolled-up sleeves and dusty shoes, farmers from around the state told them about
the host of problems that are making farming more difficult each year.

Many said they still are recovering financially from crop losses caused by last
year's flooding during the planting season. And while farmers without irrigation
are suffering most during the current drought, even those with irrigation are
seeing pumping costs soar.

In addition, better-than-expected yields in the Midwest and West will mean lower
prices for this year's harvests, the farmers said.

Other problems confronting area farmers are the continuing boom in housing
developments, which is reducing the amount of land that can be farmed, and the
E. coli bacteria scare.

Apple growers have shut down cider mills that once supplemented their incomes
because the bacteria scare has prompted consumers to seek out pasteurized cider.
The pasteurization equipment costs about $50,000, which most local farmers can't
afford. CHINESE APPLE JUICE

Also,  McGovern and Schumacher pointed out that  cheaper Chinese apple juice
concentrate now is flooding the U.S. market.

Frank W. Matheson Jr., whose family grows wheat, soy and corn  in Westboro,
Lancaster and Tewksbury, said the  yield for lower-value crops such as his does
not justify the cost of irrigation.

"It's a tough thing," he said. "The weather was terrible last year. We were
flooded out three times. We are still recovering from the floods and now it's
the complete opposite this year.

"Every year we've got to cover more ground and work harder," Matheson said.

Some farmers said they need help getting the word out that local produce has
safer pesticide levels than some imports.

McGovern agreed with several farmers who complained that cheaper imported goods
are hurting local fruit and vegetable farmers, as well as those who raise
livestock.

"We have negotiated trade deals that are disadvantageous to Americans," McGovern
said.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; T&G Staff/BETTY JENEWIN ; August Schumacher Jr., undersecretary
of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, speaks yesterday with Bob Davis, co-owner
of Bolton Orchards.

               Copyright 1999 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 16, 2013 Wednesday

Drought emergency loans available

BYLINE: The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 401 words


Jan. 16--Some Missouri farmers and ranchers affected by the the state's ongoing
drought are now eligible for emergency loans, according to a University of
Missouri Cooperative Media Group press release.

Thirty-one Missouri counties are among almost 600 counties across the U.S. that
have been designated by the U.S. Department of Agriculture as primary natural
disaster areas due to drought and heat. Farm operators in these counties are
eligible for low-interest emergency loans from USDA.

Whether to take advantage of those loans is an important decision for many
farmers in those counties, especially livestock producers, according to Ron
Plain, a University of Missouri Extension agricultural economist.

Hot, dry conditions last year sharply reduced crop, pasture and hay production,
leading to very high feed costs, Plain said. "For a lot of producers, this
designation gives them the opportunity to get some low-interest financing so
they can carry their herds through the winter."

Currently, the interest rate on these emergency loans is 2.15 percent. Producers
need to remember that it is a loan and put it into an investment that will
generate revenue, Plain said.

"Low-interest-rate loans can be very appealing, but farmers need to have a plan
on what they will do with that money," he said. "It needs to be something that
will generate income so they can repay the loan. That loan needs to work for you
to help cut costs or improve efficiency, otherwise borrowing that money is not
going to make you better off."

Plain says buying feed to maintain cattle herds would be a good decision, as
cattle prices are likely to be at record highs again in 2013. For crop
producers, putting in an irrigation system can be a very valuable long-term
investment.

"One of the things to keep in mind is that debt is a risk," Plain said. "The
more debt you have, the greater risk your farm is in. So farmers who can keep
their debt load low and can get by without borrowing, even in difficult times
like this, are in stronger financial position for the future."

To learn more about low-rate emergency loans, contact your local Farm Service
Agency office or visit fsa.usda.gov. For drought-related information from MU
Extension, go to extension.missouri.edu/drought.

___ (c)2013 The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Mo.) Visit The Sedalia Democrat
(Sedalia, Mo.) at www.sedaliademocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130116-SX-Drought-emergency-loans-available-0116-20130116

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2013 The Sedalia Democrat


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Emergency loans available to area farmers

BYLINE: Sue Book, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 643 words


Sept. 18--A federal natural disaster designation by the U.S. Secretary of
Agriculture for farmers hit by Hurricane Arthur will allow Pamlico County
farmers and those in contiguous counties to apply for emergency loans.

Paula Nicholls, farm loan manager for the Farm Services Agency, said Secretary
Tom Vilsack made his declaration Sept. 10 and the emergency loan program
followed. The information was released by the local FSA office Wednesday.

Nicholls said that farmers whose crops had losses as a result of Hurricane
Arthur may apply for the FSA emergency loans at the Washington, N.C., Service
Center office. The deadline for filing an application is May 11, 2015.

Pamlico as the primary disaster county with Craven, Carteret, Beaufort and Hyde
counties eligible because of their proximity to Pamlico and the fact that storm
damage does not stop at county lines.

"By default, surrounding counties are eligible for FSA assistance," said Mike
Carroll, Craven County extension agent. "Primary assistance is a low-interest
loan for those that cannot get loans elsewhere."

The primary crop disaster loses in this region were in Pamlico and Carteret
counties, said Carroll, primarily to corn and tobacco. Much of Pamlico and
several farms near Merrimon and Beaufort in Carteret County saw severe storm
damage from Arthur.

"I don't know how much has been lost as a result of water but corn and peanuts
have probably experienced the greatest storm loss" that can be covered by the
Farm Service Agency Emergency Loan Program, Carroll said.

The July 3 hurricane caused excessive rain and winds that hurt those crops but
subsequent heavy rainfall has had an equal or greater effect in Craven County
and on other crops including tobacco.

"Regrettably, the insurance programs today don't get triggered as much by
disaster events as they do by revenue loss but in those cases they have over 80
percent of the crop destroyed," he said.

"Continued frequent rain is not a disaster and that is regrettable too," he
said. "You have to have a definable weather related event."

The six to 15 inches of rain per month since June in Craven County -- one grower
reported 16 inches in June -- won't be covered by this program, said Carroll.

He is talking to producers now who may be covered by crop insurance on the
county's main crops including tobacco, soy beans, corn and cotton.

Carroll said Wednesday's rain is a "perfect example" of what area farmers have
had to deal with all season.

"A few farmers were able to continue to harvest corn yesterday for the first
time in about a week," he said. "Now with almost another two inches of rainfall,
harvest may be delayed for another week -- assuming no more rain.

"In this case, rainfall on mature corn decreases kernel quality and weight as
well as increases the chance of disease establishment within the ear," Carroll
said. "Continued warm weather with these rains will result in germination of the
seed within the ear creating an worthless ear."

Still, at an estimated $77 billion annually, agriculture remains North
Carolina's and one of Craven County's biggest businesses.

Carroll said that in Craven County, the about 2,600 acres planted "tobacco leads
farm sales with an estimated $10 million to $13 million depending upon harvest
of the remaining crop.

"Corn and soybeans rank slightly less at about $9 million to $10 million for
each crop," he said, with a general estimate of about 16,000 acres of corn and
25,000 acres of soy beans growing in Craven County fields.

"Peanuts, wheat and cotton farm sales are similar generating approximately $2.5
to $3.5 million each," he said. "Sorghum and sweet potatoes are grown on a
limited acres and will contribute approximately $1million combined."

___ (c)2014 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140918-NS-Emergency-loans-available-to-area-farmers-0918-20140918

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2014 Sun Journal


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   The Southern Herald (Liberty, Mississippi)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 24, 2015

DESIGNATION OF WILKINSON COUNTY TO RECEIVE FSA DISASTER LOAN APPLICATIONS

BYLINE: The Southern Herald staff

LENGTH: 213  words


MCCOMB, MS 9/15/15 -- "Emergency loans for farmers, ranchers, and operators are
available through the Pike County Office of the Farm Service Agency," (A Rodney
Johnson), FSA Farm Loan Manager, said today.

According to A Rodney Johnson, this authority is pursuant to President Obama's
declaration on September 4, 2015, of a major disaster in Louisiana caused by
severe storms and flooding that occurred May 18 to June 20, 2015. Wilkinson
County is contiguous to the primary natural disaster area. Therefore, it has
been designated eligible for Federal Disaster assistance pursuant to Section 321
(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act.

Applications for assistance in the disaster-stricken county will be accepted by
FSA through May 4, 2016.

Farmers qualifying for emergency loans may borrow up to 100 percent of their
actual production loss or the amount needed to restore their operation to its
pre-disaster condition, whichever is less. The new emergency loan and
outstanding principal balance of any existing emergency loan owed by the
applicant or any individual member of an entity cannot exceed $500,000.00.

FSA emergency loans cover losses from designated disasters and are made to
qualified farmers who cannot obtain credit from other lenders in the local area.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STH

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 The Southern Herald


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 15, 2011 Monday

Local farmers can apply for disaster aid

BYLINE: Taylor Aswell, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 508 words


Aug. 15--NATCHEZ -- Area farmers whose summer was ruined by floodwaters and
drought are now eligible for emergency assistance just in time for harvest.

Adams County and Concordia Parish were both declared disaster areas last week,
and farmers in each will be able to apply for assistance through the Farm
Service Agency or Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments programs.

"Emergency loans for farmers, ranchers, and operators are available through the
Pike County Office of the Farm Service Agency," FSA Farm Loan Manager David K.
Smith said.

Farmers who apply for the emergency loans may borrow up to 100 percent of their
actual production loss, and they have until April 9 to visit their local FSA
office to apply.

Adams County farmer Ross McGehee suffered the loss of a full corn crop thanks to
the high waters, but said that his farm won't have to apply for any assistance
in 2011.

"Right now, I don't know of anyone in (Adams County) that is in the position of
needing this help," he said. "But we are about to harvest, so we may be about to
unravel some more bad news that would require help."

McGehee said he has utilized loans from the FSA before, but has found there are
better options out there for farmers who need help.

"Most of the (FSA) loans are paid back over seven years, and they closely
supervise every dime you spend from that loan money," he said. "There is just a
lot more paperwork and things that you are going to have to deal with."

McGehee said the FSA loans are not bailouts that farmers receive for free.

"You are paying interest and tying up your money," he said. "That can strap you
pretty good, and tie your hands to what you can and can't do."

McGehee said the FSA emergency loans have lower interest rates than banks, but
their requirements make the lower interest unimportant for farmers with options.

"A lot of the times, for a lot of the people, these FSA loans are the only way
you can get funding," he said. "It will bail you out of a crack if you need it,
it's just not my first choice."

Instead of waiting for loans in times of emergency, McGehee said purchasing crop
insurance is the best way to avoid any losses in your crops.

"Insurance at least pays for the money you have laid out in your field," he
said. "It won't make you well, but it will stop you from bleeding."

McGehee said farmers pay a premium for the insurance policy, and that the harder
it is for plants to grow in an area, the more expensive the insurance.

McGehee said any farmer who needs help has to do whatever it takes to stay in
business.

"There are a lot of options available, so it would be in your best interest to
find the best option for you," he said. "Farmers have a lot of tools at their
disposal."

To see more of The Natchez Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.natchezdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110815-YY-Local-farmers-can-apply-for-disaster-aid-0815-20110815

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                      Copyright 2011 The Natchez Democrat


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          East Bernard Express (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 22, 2011

Emergency farm loans available

BYLINE: East Bernard Express staff

LENGTH: 299  words


Applications for emergency farm loans for losses caused by wildfires are being
accepted at the Farm Service Agency (FSA) office located in Wharton, says Gail
A. Hoskins.

Jackson and Wharton Counties are two of 28 in Texas recently named by President
Obama eligible for loans to cover part of actual production and physical losses
resulting from the wildfires.

Hoskins said farmers may be eligible for loans of up to 100 percent of their
actual losses or the operating loan needed to continue the agricultural
business, whichever is less.

For farmers unable to obtain credit from private commercial lenders, the
interest rate is 3.75 percent.

"As a general rule, a farmer must have suffered at least a 30 percent loss of
production to be eligible for an FSA emergency loan," Hoskins said. Farmers
participating in the Federal Crop Insurance program will have to consider
proceeds from those programs in determining their loss.

"Applications for loans under this emergency designation will be accepted until
May 14, 2012 but farmers should apply as soon as possible. Delays in applying
could create backlogs in processing, with possible delays into the new farming
season," Hoskins said.

FSA is a credit agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. It is authorized
to provide disaster emergency loans to recognized farmers who work at and rely
on farming for a substantial part of their living. Eligibility is extended to
individual farmers who meet U.S. citizenship requirements and to farming
partnerships, corporations, or cooperatives in which U.S. citisienship
requirements are met by individuals holding a majority interest.

The FSA office in Wharton is open from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through
Friday. More information about Disaster Assistance Programs may be found at
disaster.fsa. usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EBX

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 East Bernard Express


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Western Star (Coldwater, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 2, 2010

Comanche Is among Counties Eligible for Farmer Assistance

BYLINE: The Western Star staff

LENGTH: 400  words


"Farmers in Comanche and Kiowa Counties, who suffered crop or livestock losses
due to severe storms, flooding and tornadoes occurring June 6, 2010 to July 21,
2010 may now apply for Farm Service Agency (FSA) emergency loans, " FSA Farm
Loan Manager Kevin Vondra, said this week.

Barber and Pratt Counties also became eligible under existing legislation which
provides that farmers in counties bordering on those which have been designated
for disaster assistance, may also qualify for such assistance.

Applications for assistance will be accepted by FSA until April 4, 2011.

"Loans covering physical and/or production losses may be made at a 3.75 percent
interest rate, and are scheduled for repayment as rapidly as feasible,
consistent with the applicant's reasonable ability to pay, " said Vondra. FSA's
Farm Loan Programs staff is committed to new and existing customers, FSA
customer goals and our rural communities.

FSA's service extends beyond the typical loan, offering FSA customers ongoing
consultation, advice and creative ways to make your farm business thrive.

"At the Farm Service Agency, we want to be your lender of first opportunity to
overcome these adverse weather conditions and rebuild your operation to get back
on track, " said Vondra.

FSA's loan staff can refer customers to other public and commercial financing
sources that can serve as a blend with FSA's farm loan programs. FSA loans
covering physical losses may be used to replace installations, equipment,
livestock, or buildings (including homes), lost through this disaster. FSA loans
covering production losses may be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer, livestock,
or to make payments on real estate and chattel debts.

"Funds can also be used for other essential operating and living expenses, "
Vondra said. To be eligible for an emergency disaster loan, an applicant must be
operating a family size farm or ranch, must be unable to get credit elsewhere,
and must have suffered a qualifying physical and/or production loss from the
disaster. Farmers who suffered at least a 30 per cent reduction to at least one
cropping enterprise, may have a qualifying production loss.

Emergency disaster production loss loans cover 100 per cent of qualifying
losses. Farmers and ranchers that think they may be eligible should contact the
FSA County Office in Pratt, Kansas or call (620) 672-7449 for additional
information and how to apply.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WSS

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2010 The Western Star


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Billings County Pioneer (Medora, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 25, 2012

Farmers now eligible for USDA disaster emergency loans

BYLINE: The Billings County Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 244  words


Farmers in Billings County who suffered physical and production losses because
of drought conditions occurring July 31, 2012, and continuing may now apply for
Farm Service Agency emergency loans, Farm Loan Manager Wanda Hoherz says.

Billing County is eligible to receive EM loans because it was declared as a
primary or contiguous county in North Dakota that was designated a major
disaster area. The time allowed to file EM loan applications is eight months.
For Billings County farmers, this means the deadline for applications to be
filed is May 27, 2013.

Although the authority for loan processing has been given, all potential EM loan
applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete an application for
loan processing until after all information for their farm operation pertaining
to actual physical losses and production losses, crop insurance benefits, and to
any other crop production compensation, is available and can be documented.

Farmers who suffered a qualifying production loss of at least 30 percent from
normal and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for reduced interest
loans to cover up to 100 percent of their losses. Farm Service "Agency emergency
loans currently carry a 2.125 percent interest rate. To qualify for physical
losses, there does not have to be a qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA Office
at 2934 4th Ave., West, Room A, Dickinson, ND, 58601-2633

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BIL

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2012 The Billings County Pioneer


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   The Southern Herald (Liberty, Mississippi)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 27, 2015

DESIGNATION OF AMITE AND WILKINSON COUNTIES TO RECEIVE FSA DISASTER LOAN
APPLICATIONS

BYLINE: The Southern Herald staff

LENGTH: 220  words


McComb, MS August, 2015 -- "Emergency loans for farmers, ranchers, and operators
are available through the Pike County Office of the Farm Service Agency," A
Rodney Johnson, FSA Farm Loan Manager, said today.

According to Mr. Johnson, this authority is pursuant to Secretary Vilsack's
declaration on July 22, 2015, of a major disaster in Louisiana caused by
flooding, excessive rain, high winds and hail that occurred from April 27
through June 26, 2015. Amite and Wilkinson Counties are contiguous to the
primary natural disaster area. Therefore, it has been designated eligible for
Federal Disaster assistance pursuant to Section 321 (a) of the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act.

Applications for assistance in the disaster-stricken county will be accepted by
FSA through March 22, 2016.

Farmers qualifying for emergency loans may borrow up to 100 percent of their
actual production loss or the amount needed to restore their operation to its
pre-disaster condition, whichever is less. The new emergency loan and
outstanding principal balance of any existing emergency loan owed by the
applicant or any individual member of an entity cannot exceed $500,000.00.

FSA emergency loans cover losses from designated disasters and are made to
qualified farmers who cannot obtain credit from other lenders in the local area.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STH

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 The Southern Herald


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Corsicana Daily Sun (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 25, 2011 Thursday

BRIEF: FSA Emergency Loan Applications

BYLINE: Corsicana Daily Sun, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 168 words


Aug. 25--Corsicana --

Navarro County was declared eligible for Farm Service Agency (FSA) disaster
emergency loans on June 24, 2011. Generally, that means that farmers who have
lost at least 30 percent of their production due to drought, excessive heat,
high winds, and wildfires are eligible for FSA loans. Proceeds from crop
insurance are taken into consideration when determining eligibility.

FSA Farm Loan Manager, Bashir Duale, is urging farmers who are interested in
receiving an emergency loan to submit their applications in early rather than
waiting until near the deadline, which is Feb. 24, 2012. The longer they wait,
the more chance there is for long delays. If the applications cone in early, we
can avoid backlogs and speed up the process."

The FSA office is at 1822 FM 66 Suite 100 in Waxahachie. The telephone number is
(972) 937-2660.

___ (c)2011 Corsicana Daily Sun (Corsicana, Texas) Visit Corsicana Daily Sun
(Corsicana, Texas) at corsicanadailysun.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110825-XQ-BRF-FSA-Emergency-Loan-Applications-0825-20110825

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XQ


                       Copyright 2011 Corsicana Daily Sun


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   The Southern Herald (Liberty, Mississippi)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 22, 2015

DESIGNATION OF PIKE, AMITE, ADAMS AND WILKINSON COUNTIES TO RECEIVE FSA DISASTER
LOAN APPLICATIONS

BYLINE: The Southern Herald staff

LENGTH: 228  words


"Emergency loans for farmers, ranchers, and operators are available through the
Pike County Office of the Farm Service Agency," A Rodney Johnson, FSA Farm Loan
Manager, said today.

According to A Rodney Johnson, this authority is pursuant to Secretary Vilsack's
declaration on September 23, 2015, of a major disaster in Mississippi caused by
excessive rainfall, flash flooding and prolonged flooding that occurred from
April 1, 2015 through July 6, 2015. As a result, Adams and Wilkinson Counties
have been designated primary natural disaster areas and Pike and Amite Counties
have been designated as contiguous counties eligible for Federal Disaster
assistance pursuant to Section 321 (a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act.

Applications for assistance in the disaster-stricken county will be accepted by
FSA through May 23, 2016.

Farmers qualifying for emergency loans may borrow up to 100 percent of their
actual production loss or the amount needed to restore their operation to its
pre-disaster condition, whichever is less. The new emergency loan and
outstanding principal balance of any existing emergency loan owed by the
applicant or any individual member of an entity cannot exceed $500,000.00.

FSA emergency loans cover losses from designated disasters and are made to
qualified farmers who cannot obtain credit from other lenders in the local area.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STH

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 The Southern Herald


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 18, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

SECRETARY RESISTS BID TO USE EMERGENCY FARM FUND

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 22, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 695 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 17


Despite increasing pressures from farm state Congressmen, Agriculture Secretary
John R. Block has again declined to open a $600 million emergency credit fund to
bail out farmers already deeply in debt and unable to borrow more from regular
sources.

Mr. Block insisted this week, as he has on several occasions recently, that the
Department of Agriculture's Farmers Home Administration, often the lender of
last resort to farmers, had ample funds in its other loan categories to take
care of all farmers qualified for them.

Immediate access to the agency's economic emergency loan fund has become a major
political issue as members of Congress from both parties sought to lead the
charge in rescuing the slipping farm economy. The most serious problem among
farmers is high interest credit and the rapidly increasing level of farm debt.

This special category of government loans is supposed to be available to farmers
who have lost large amounts of money because of economic conditions over which
they have no control. These ''economic emergency'' loans would be in addition to
special low-interest loans to farmers whose crops are destroyed by drought or
flood.

More Compassion for Farmers

Senator Roger W. Jepsen, the Iowa Republican who served as Ronald Reagan's chief
farm adviser in the 1980 campaign, said the Reagan Administration needed to
demonstrate more compassion for farmers.

''Farmers want a better understanding of their plight,'' he told Mr. Block in a
hearing before a subcommittee of the Joint Economic Committee.

''Your Administration is a compassionate one,'' the Senator said.  ''But you are
not communicating this to the farmers. If things don't improve soon, Congress
will have to act on its own.''

Senator Lloyd Bentsen, Democrat of Texas, reminded the Agriculture Secretary
that 23 Senators of both parties had recently co-sponsored a resolution
demanding that Mr. Block use the $600 million already authorized in the 1982
budget for economic emergency loans.

'Waiting for an Answer'

''We're still waiting for an answer on when the regulations to implement these
loans will be made,'' Mr. Bentsen said. ''I get calls almost daily from farmers
all over my state who are going broke or are on the verge of going broke.''

The Farmers Home Administration lends money to beginning farmers for purchase of
real estate and machinery. It also makes loans to all eligible farmers for seed,
fertilizer and other planting and operating costs. In addition, it makes
low-interest loans to farmers who have lost their crops through natural
disasters if they have no other sources of credit.

In the past three years drought and price-depressing record crops have caused
large losses to farmers. As a result, the number of Farmers Home Administration
loans has more than doubled to about 11 percent of the $200 billion farm debt.
About 1.4 million farmers have borrowed from the agency.

218,000 Loans in Default

More than 218,000 of these loans are in technical default, and the amount of
delinquent loans has reached almost $14 billion. But this total is being cut
each month as borrowers pay rescheduled principal and interest amounts.

Although the agency has authority to foreclose on delinquent borrowers, its
policy is to avoid doing so in any case where a farmer might be able to repay a
rescheduled loan. The current foreclosure rate is six-tenths of 1 percent.

In his testimony, Secretary Block acknowledgd that the financial health of
farmers was bad, particularly the level of indebtedness.''Total farm debt has
nearly doubled in the last five years and farmers' debt servicing burden has
become a major problem,'' he said.  In answer to Senator Bentsen, Mr. Block said
the Department of Agriculture had new guidelines for granting economic emergency
loans but had not released any of the money because it believed there were other
Farmers Home Administration funds available to farmers eligible for special
help.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            January 5, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

U.S. offers drought relief to farmers, ranchers

BYLINE: Farzad Mashhood AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 401 words


The federal government said Wednesday that it is providing loans of up to
$500,000 to farmers and ranchers in Williamson, Travis and 129 other Texas
counties as the state deals with an ongoing drought.

The eligibility for emergency loans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
farm service agency comes after the department declared 40 counties, including
Williamson and Llano, as primary natural disaster areas on Tuesday because of
"losses caused by drought, excessive heat, high winds and wildfire" through
2011.

Those in the 91 counties adjacent to the disaster area counties, such as Travis,
Bastrop, Burnet, Blanco and Bell, are also eligible for the emergency loans, the
agency said.

This is good news for farmers and ranchers in affected counties, said Tommy
Miert­schin , executive director of the Travis County Farm Service Agency.

"If they have debt with a co-op or a fertilizer company or something like that,
they're eligible to get a low- interest loan to help offset their debt due to
the loss because of drought," he said.

The emergency loans can also be used to restore or replace property and pay for
essential living expenses and production costs during 2011, according to the
farm service. The loans are typically paid back over one to seven years with a
3.75 percent interest rate. Applications must be received with eight months of
the disaster declaration.

The farm service requires farmers who receive loans to have crop insurance and
to provide collateral for the value of the loan, among other restrictions.

"Texas farmers have experienced severe drought conditions over a long period of
time, which has caused major losses to a wide variety of crops such as forage
crops, pasture, corn, oats and wheat," Agriculture Department Secretary Tom
Vilsack said.

The announcement comes after a year that saw 100 percent of the state in some
form of drought for more than two months, and in which agricultural losses
totaled more than $5.2 billion by August, according to a report by the Texas A&M
University AgriLife Extension Service.

As of Dec. 27, 97.8 percent of the state remained in some form of drought, with
nearly a third of the state in the worst form.

fmashhood@statesman.com; 445-3972

How to apply
 To apply for an emergency loan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture,
contact the Farm Service Agency offices in Travis County at 454-2571 or in
Williamson County at 863-8576, ext. 2.



LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                          September 29, 2011 Thursday

USDA offers emergency assistance, loan program

BYLINE: From the Current-Argus Submitted to the Current-Argus

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1060 words


ALBUQUERQUE -- USDA New Mexico Farm Service Agency State Executive Director
Salomon Ramirez announced that more than $1 million in Emergency Conservation
Program funding is available for restoration projects on agricultural lands
damaged by natural disasters in Eddy, Lincoln and Otero counties.

"Eddy, Lincoln and Otero Counties are approved to use ECP funds to recover from
damages left behind by floods and/or wildfires depending on the qualifying
disaster event for each county," said Ramirez.

Eddy County has received ECP funding for damages caused by floods in 2010 and
wildfires in 2011. Lincoln and Otero counties are approved for ECP funding for
damages resulting from 2011 wildfires.

According to Ramirez, it is normal procedure for producers to submit their
requests for ECP assistance prior to beginning reconstructive work. Completing
reconstructive work before submitting an ECP request would typically result in
forfeiture of program eligibility.

"However, I realize that there are extenuating circumstances that must be
addressed for public and livestock safety and health reasons, subsequently, FSA
has the authority to waive the start date for beginning reconstructive work on a
case-by-case basis," said Ramirez. "Approval to waive the start date allows
producers to begin repairs and remove debris before ECP funds are secured
without jeopardizing program eligibility," he said.

Producers can use ECP funds to remove debris on agricultural lands, restore
fences, grade and shape land and repair existing conservation structures damaged
by the qualifying natural disaster.

Conservation problems that existed before the qualifying disaster event are not
eligible for ECP assistance. ECP program participants can receive financial
assistance for up to 75 percent of the cost to implement approved emergency
conservation practices.

Please contact your local FSA office to determine eligibility, submit an ECP
application or to request a start date waiver.

USDA-Farm Storage Facility Loan Program

CARLSBAD -- The Farm Storage Facility Loan program provides low-interest
financing for producers of eligible commodities to build or upgrade farm storage
and handling facilities. The maximum principal facility loan amount is $500,000.

Participants are required to provide a down payment of 15 percent, with CCC
providing a loan for the remaining 85 percent of the net cost of the eligible
storage facility and permanent drying and handling equipment. Loan terms of 7,
10 or 12 years are available depending on the amount of the loan. Interest rates
for each term rate may be different and are based on the rate which CCC borrows
from the Treasury Department. For September the interest rates were: 7 year loan
- 1.875 percent; 10 year loan - 2.500 percent; and 12 year loan - 2.875 percent.

The following commodities are eligible for farm storage facility loans:

Corn, grain sorghum, rice, soybeans, oats, peanuts, wheat, barley, or minor
oilseeds harvested as whole grain.

Corn, grain sorghum, wheat, oats or barley harvested as other-than-whole grain

Pulse crops - lentils, small chickpeas, and dry peas

Hay

Renewable Biomass

Fruits (including nuts) and vegetables - cold storage facilities

Payments are available in the form of a partial disbursement and the remaining
final disbursement. The partial disbursement will be available after a portion
of the construction has been completed. The final fund disbursement will be made
when all construction is completed. The maximum amount of the partial
disbursement will be 50 percent of the projected and approved total loan amount.

Applications for Farm Storage Facility Loan program must be submitted to the FSA
county office that maintains the farm's records. An Farm Storage Facility Loan
program must be approved before any site preparation or construction can begin.

The Eddy County Farm Service Agency is located at 114 S. Halagueno St., RM 117,
Carlsbad, NM. Hours are 7 a.m. to 4:30 pm. Monday through Friday. Telephone:
575-887-3506 ext. 2.

USDA offers help for feed loss caused by fires

CARLSBAD -Jodie Chism, County Executive Director of USDA's Farm Service Agency
(FSA) in Eddy County, announced that producers who have suffered feed losses due
to wildfires incidents that occurred after May 1, 2011, and before Sept. 30,
could be eligible for payment under the 2011 Emergency Assistance for Livestock,
Honey Bees, and Farm-raised Fish Program.

"Devastating wildfires have adversely impacted many livestock operations
throughout the state, which leaves producers with increased feed expenses,"
Chism said. "ELAP provides emergency assistance to eligible producers of
livestock, honeybees and farm-raised fish who have losses due to disease,
adverse weather or other conditions, including losses due to blizzards and
wildfires," she said.

In order to meet ELAP eligibility requirements producers must have a 2011
insurance policy equal to at least the catastrophic level of coverage or have
Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program coverage for each crop planted on
the farm, excluding grazing acreages. Farmers and ranchers who meet the
definition of a socially disadvantaged, limited resource or beginning farmer or
rancher do not have to meet this requirement.

A qualifying loss under ELAP includes the loss of purchased forage or feedstuffs
or the loss of mechanically harvested forage or feedstuffs. Producers who incur
additional costs for providing or transporting feed to eligible livestock
because of wildfire are also eligible. Producers who purchase additional feed,
above normal quantities, in order to maintain eligible livestock during
wildfires, until additional feed becomes available are also eligible for ELAP
benefits.

Producers with a qualifying loss must provide the Eddy County FSA office with
the total number of livestock, number of acres in their operation, number of
acres burned and receipts for purchased feed that was destroyed in the wildfire.

ELAP assistance is for losses not covered under other disaster assistance
programs established by the 2008 Farm Bill. Legislative authority for ELAP
expires on September 30.

Producers who suffered a qualifying loss must file a notice of loss and
application within 30 days of when the loss is apparent, but no later than Oct.
31, 2011. For more information regarding ELAP, please contact the Eddy County
FSA Office at (575) 887-3506 ext. 2.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 22, 2012

FSA expands eligibility timeframe

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 264  words


Farmers in Golden Valley County who suffered physical and production losses
because of the combined effects of early spring frosts and freezes, drought,
excessive heat, high winds, insects, hail or other disasters occurring Jan. 1,
2012, and continuing may now apply for Farm Service Agency emergency loans, Farm
Loan Manager Wanda Hoherz says.

Golden Valley County is eligible to receive EM loans because it was designated
as a contiguous county in North Dakota that was designated a major disaster
area. The time allowed to file EM loan applications is eight months. For Golden
Valley County farmers, this means the deadline for applications to be filed is
June 10, 2013.

Although the authority for emergency loan processing has been given, all
potential EM loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete
an application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual physical losses and production losses, crop
insurance benefits, and to any other crop production compensation, is available
and can be documented.

Farmers who suffered a qualifying production loss of at least 30 percent from
normal and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for reduced interest
loans to cover up to 100 percent of their losses. Farm Service Agency emergency
loans currently carry a 2.125 percent interest rate. To qualify for physical
losses, there does not have to be a qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA County
Office at 2493 4th Ave. West, Room A; Dickinson, ND 58601.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Golden Valley News


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Lassen County Times (Susanville, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 26, 2013

Emergency farm loans available in Lassen County

BYLINE: Lassen County Times staff

LENGTH: 238  words


Twenty-nine counties, including Lassen, in three states are eligible for United
States Department of Agriculture's Emergency Farm Loans.

Ten California counties have been named eligible for these loans because of
physical and production losses based on damages and harm caused by drought,
which occurred from Jan. 1, 2012, through Feb. 25, 2016.

Farmers in all 29 U.S. counties have eight months to apply for the loans to help
cover part of their actual losses. Some of the eligibility requirements are:

Have suffered at least a 30 percent loss of normal production directly related
to the above-cited cause;

Be able to repay the loan and any other loans;

Be Unable to obtain credit elsewhere;

Have adequate security;

Have multi-peril crop insurance, if available;

Meet other eligibility criteria.

All applicants must complete a certification of disaster loss.

This should reflect the exact date(s), and nature of the designated disaster and
how it caused the loss or damage. Crop insurance field reports may be used as a
source for documenting losses directly related to the cited cause. The
authorization for the Farm Service Agency to accept emergency loan applications
under this authorization expires Oct. 28.

Applications should be filed with the Farm Service Agency Service Center at 215
Executive Court, Suite C, Yreka, Calif., 96097 or Shasta County Farm Service
Agency Office at 3644 Avtech Parkway, Suite D, Redding, Calif., 96002.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LAS

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Lassen County Times


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Mouse River Journal (Towner, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 25, 2011

McHenry County farmers now eligible for USDA Disaster Emergency Loans

BYLINE: Mouse River Journal staff

LENGTH: 243  words


Farmers in McHenry County who suffered physical and production losses because of
a severe winter storm that occurred April 29 to May 1, 2011 may now apply for
Farm Service Agency Emergency Loans, Farm Loan Manager Cheryl L. Engebretson
said today.

McHenry County is eligible to make EM loans because it is bordering a county in
North. Dakota that was designated a major disaster area.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months. For McHenry County
farmers, this means the deadline for applications to be filed is January 20,
2012.

Although the authority for Emergency Loan processing has been given, all
potential EM loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete
an application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual physical losses and production losses, disaster
payments, to crop insurance benefits, and to any other crop production
compensation, is available and can be documented.

Engebretson said farmers who suffered a qualifying production loss of at least
30% from normal and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for reduced
interest loans to cover up to 100% of their losses. The loans carry a 3.75
percent interest rate. To qualify for physical losses, there does not have to be
a qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the McHenry
County FSA - Farm Loans Office at 705 Main St S - Ste 1, Towner, ND 58788.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSE

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 Mouse River Journal


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, South Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 1, 2015 Wednesday

Upstate farmers can apply for crop damage loans from USDA

BYLINE: Chris Lavender, Herald-Journal, Spartanburg, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 304 words


July 01--Upstate farmers can now apply for emergency loans for crop damage
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The money will help growers to recover some of the financial losses they
suffered because of crop damage from cold weather earlier this year.

On June 17, the USDA designated a disaster area that includes Spartanburg,
Cherokee, Greenville, Union, Abbeville, Anderson, Chester, Fairfield, Laurens,
Newberry, Pickens and York counties.

Farmers in the designated disaster area can qualify for low-interest emergency
loans from the USDA's Farm Service Agency.

Glenn Thomas, executive director for the USDA Farm Service Agency, said Tuesday
he encourages farmers to apply for emergency loans if they suffered a loss due
to the cold weather. Thomas said it only takes one crop loss to potentially
qualify.

Crops that may have suffered damage during the period of Jan. 8 through March 29
include peaches and strawberries, he said. The deadline to apply for an
emergency loan is Feb. 17, 2016.

The Farm Service Agency will consider the extent of the losses, security
available and repayment ability for each loan applicant. Funding through the
Federal Crop Insurance and Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program also is
available.

Thomas said in most cases, crops weren't a total loss during the designated
period. However, he said some farmers suffered losses during the time frame.

Farmers seeking assistance may contact their local USDA Service Centers for more
information. Additional information also is available online at
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov. Thomas said farmers may also call the USDA at
864-814-2471 for more information.

___ (c)2015 Spartanburg Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, S.C.) Visit the Spartanburg
Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, S.C.) at www.GoUpstate.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150701-SG-Upstate-farmers-can-apply-for-crop-damage-loans
-from-USDA-20150701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SG


                         Copyright 2015 Herald-Journal


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Athens Daily Review (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 14, 2015 Monday

FSA offers storm help

BYLINE: Athens Daily Review, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 444 words


Dec. 14--The storms that hit Henderson County in late October caused
considerable flooding in the area, but the Farm Service Agency may be able to
help.

The FSA announced Monday applications for emergency farm loans for losses caused
by severe storms, tornados, straight-line winds, and flooding that occurred
between Oct. 22, through Oct. 31, are being accepted at the Farm Service Agency
office located in Tyler as of Monday.  The peak of the precipitation in
Henderson County came on Oct. 24, when Athens recorded 10.38 inches of rain.

Henderson County is one of 42 counties in Texas recently named by President
Obama as eligible for loans to cover part of actual production and/or physical
losses resulting from the disaster.

FSA official Joseph Grier stated that farmers may be eligible for loans of up to
100 percent of their actual losses, or the operating loan needed to continue the
agricultural business, whichever is less. For farmers unable to obtain credit
from private commercial lenders, the interest rate is 2.375 percent.

"As a general rule, a farmer must have suffered at least a 30-percent loss of
crop production, or suffered any physical loss to be eligible for a FSA
emergency loan under the disaster designation," Grier said.

Producers participating in the Federal Crop Insurance Program will have to
consider proceeds from those programs in determining their production loss.
Additionally, any insurance proceeds received by producers as a result of the
physical loss must be considered in determining their total loss.

"Applications for loans under this emergency designation will be accepted until
July 25, 2016, but farmers should apply as soon as possible," Grier said.
"Delays in applying could create backlogs in processing, with possible delays
into the new farming seasons."

FSA is a credit agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. It is authorized
to provide disaster emergency loans to recognized farms who work at, and rely on
farming for a substantial part of their living. Eligibility is extended to
individual farms who meet U.S. citizenship requirements, and to farming
partnerships, corporations or cooperatives in which U.S. citizenship
requirements are met by individuals holding a majority interest.

The FSA office is located at 4209 Republic Dr., Tyler, TX  75701. The telephone
number is 903-561-2050, with office hours from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.  Additional
information regarding Disaster Assistance Programs may be found online at
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

___ (c)2015 the Athens Daily Review (Athens, Texas) Visit the Athens Daily
Review (Athens, Texas) at www.athensreview.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151214-ZA-FSA-offers-storm-help-1214-20151214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZA


                       Copyright 2015 Athens Daily Review


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 31, 2015 Monday

St. Croix drought now officially a disaster

BYLINE: Lauren Krizansky, The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 581 words


Aug. 31--ST. CROIX -- U.S. Agriculture Department Secretary Tom Vilsack has
designated St. Croix a primary natural disaster area.

"We are pleased to announce that the USDA has designated St. Croix a disaster
area," said V.I. Delegate to Congress Stacey Plaskett in a press release. "Our
office has been working closely with local farmers and with the Farm Service
Agency in hopes of achieving this end."

The Florida/V.I. Farm Service Agency, Plaskett and the U.S. Agriculture
Department requested the primary county disaster designation on Aug. 11 due to
drought damage dating back to April 1. The declaration was approved on
Wednesday.

"It is our hope that this is a first step in a closer collaboration, which will
grow our agricultural base and create a vibrant farming community," said
Plaskett, who helped arrange visits with drought-stricken farmers.

The decision comes after the department's review of the island's loss assessment
reports and determination of sufficient production losses, according to a press
release.

Now with formal designation, farm operators are eligible to be considered for
assistance from the Farm Service Agency provided they are able to meet the
requirements, according to the press release. The assistance includes Farm
Service Agency emergency loans that farm operators must apply for within eight
months of the disaster declaration.

Each application is considered on its own merits, taking into account the extent
of production loss on the farm, and the security and repayment ability of the
operator, according to the press release. Farm Service Agency emergency loan
funds may be used to:

- Restore or replace essential property

- Pay all or part of production costs associated with the disaster year

- Pay essential family living expenses

- Reorganize the farming operation

- Refinance certain debts, excluding real estate

The maximum loan amount for a Farm Service Agency emergency loan is $500,000.

The Farm Service Agency also administers a Livestock Forage Disaster Program,
which is separate from the emergency loan program.

The Livestock Forage Disaster Program provides compensation to eligible
livestock producers that have suffered grazing losses for covered livestock on
land that is native or improved pastureland with permanent vegetative cover or
is planted specifically for grazing. The grazing losses must be due to a
qualifying drought condition during the normal grazing period for the county.

The farmers, however, must own or lease grazing land or pastureland physically
located in an area the U.S. Drought Monitor rates, according to the Farm Service
Agency. The Virgin Islands are not covered by the U.S. Drought Monitor and St.
Croix is designated a "natural disaster area" that does not have a drought
monitor classification, which is a part of the program's eligibility
requirements.

V.I. Agriculture Department Commissioner Carlos Robles started conversations
earlier this month to include the territory in the drought monitor.

St Croix' precipitation since last October is severely below average. The
rainless days caused fields to dry up, leaving much livestock without enough
food, which resulted in at least 100 animal fatalities, according to the V.I.
Agriculture Department.

- Contact Lauren Krizansky at 714-9130 or email lkrizansky@dailynews.vi

___ (c)2015 The Virgin Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) Visit The Virgin
Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) at www.virginislandsdailynews.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150831-1VI-St-Croix-drought-now-officially-a-disaster-0831-20150831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VI


                  Copyright 2015 The Virgin Islands Daily News


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 6, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

FARM CREDIT BILL IS PASSED BY HOUSE

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 772 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 5


Ignoring threats of a Presidential veto, the House of Representatives today
passed an emergency measure on farm credit that could provide some immediate
cash to financially distressed farmers preparing to plant their spring crops.

By a 255-to-168 vote, the House accepted a bill passed last week by the Senate
that provides advances on loans to grain and cotton farmers who would normally
not receive the money until harvest time, as well as $100 million to help rural
banks lower interest rates on troubled farm loans.

In the voting, 225 Democrats and 30 Republicans supported the measure and 150
Republicans and 18 Democrats opposed it. About half the Republicans in favor
were from Farm Belt states. Most of the Democrats voting no were from urban
districts.

The measure also makes it easier for bankers to get Government guarantees on
commercial farm loans in danger of default if the banks agree to reduce the
monthly charges on the loans by at least 10 percent.

Agriculture Secretary John R. Block, the Republican leaders of the House and
Senate and the press spokesman for the White House all have said that President
Reagan would veto the measure soon after it reaches the White House Wednesday.
They argued that the bill was too costly and was not needed to save farmers in
the worst financial condition.  The Senate majority leader, Bob Dole of Kansas,
today told a group of Missouri farmers lobbying for the emergency credit bill
that he was sure a veto could be sustained in the Republican-controlled Senate.
That would kill the sections aiding farmers as well as a measure to provide $175
million for famine relief in Africa. The farm amendments were attached to the
famine bill.

House Republican leaders, arguing against accepting the Senate's emergency
credit bill, accused the Democrats of taking advantage of Farm Belt difficulties
to embarrass Mr. Reagan by forcing him to veto a ''budget-busting'' measure.

The House minority leader, Robert H. Michel of Illinois, said the ''need and
urgency'' of many farmers was evident.

''But it seems the Democrats are more interested in harvesting votes than in
harvesting crops,'' he said. ''The Senate bill the Democrats are pushing will
cost billions more than the emergency credit bill this House passed last week.
If we could have gone to conference, we would have modified these proposals
enough to persuade the Presdent to accept them.''

Earlier, the Speaker of the House, Thomas P. O'Neill Jr. of Massachusetts, told
the House: ''The President can veto the farm bill before you, but he can't veto
the problem. If we can spend hundreds of billions putting missiles in the
ground, we can spend half a billion to put seed in the ground.''

Estimates of the cost of the emergency credit provisions have ranged from a
House Democratic figure of $279 million over the next five years, to Secretary
Block's figure of at least $8.7 million in this year alone. The Congressional
Budget Office estimated that the advance payments on crop loans alone could
reach $7.26 billion this year, but they would not be repeated next year unless
Congress approved them again next spring.

Factors Determining Cost

In the end, the total cost of the measure passed today will depend on how many
of guaranteed loans and interest reductions the banks agree to and how many of
the guaranteed loans fail. The cost of the advance loan payments will depend on
how many farmers take the loans and how many are not paid back in cash when they
are due.

Under the interest-reduction section of the bill, if a commercial bank agreed to
reduce the interest rate on a threatened farm loan by two percentage points, the
Government would pay the bank the equivalent of an additional two percentage
points. This, in effect, would lower the farmer's interest rate by four
percentage points. The bill provides $100 million for this program.

The bill adopted today also adds $1.85 billion to the $650 million the Reagan
Administration has already allocated for interest guarantees on commercial farm
loans in danger of default.

If Mr. Reagan vetoes the measure and that veto is sustained, the advance
payments on the crop loans would be the only thing the farmers would lose.

The loan guarantees have been available since last October, though the
regulations for granting them are more restrictive than those provided today.

The Administration has already promised to increase the original $650 million
allocation by any amount needed for additional loan guarantees. So far, only
about $67 million in guarantees has been committed, Representative Michel said
today.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: graph of farm banks in trouble (page B11)

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: USDA Designates Curry County in Oregon as a Primary Natural Disaster Area
With Assistance to Producers in California

LENGTH: 810  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated Curry County in Oregon as a
primary natural disaster area due to losses caused by the recent drought.


"Our hearts go out to those Oregon farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Oregon
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Oregon also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Coos

Douglas

Josephine



Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in California also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


California
Del Norte


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Aug. 28, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs. Additional information is
also available online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.50 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012 and again in 2013.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.



Secretary Vilsack also reminds producers that Congress has not funded the five
disaster assistance programs authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill. These are SURE;
the Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP); the Emergency Assistance for Livestock,
Honey Bees, and Farm-Raised Fish (ELAP); the Livestock Forage Disaster Program
(LFP); and the Tree Assistance Program (TAP). Production losses due to disasters
occurring after Sept. 30, 2011, are not eligible for disaster program coverage.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Grant County Press (Petersburg, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 11, 2010

Grant farmers eligible for emergency loans

BYLINE: Grant County Press staff

LENGTH: 321  words


Alfred J. Lewis, West Virginia Farm Service Agency (FSA) state executive
director, has announced the designation of 17 counties in West Virginia for FSA
Emergency (EM) Loans.

"The counties of Berkeley, Brooke, Doddridge, Hampshire, Hancock, Hardy,
Jefferson, Marion, Marshall, Morgan, Ohio, Pocahontas, Preston, Ritchie, Tucker,
Tyler, and Wetzel were designated for emergency loans by President Obama because
of damages caused by severe winter storms and snowstorms occurring Feb. 5-11,"
stated Lewis.

"This designation was made to enable FSA to provide financial assistance to
those farm families who suffered severe losses as a result of the severe winter
storms and snowstorms," he added.

"Public Law 98-258 provides for counties that are contiguous to another county
that has been designated as a disaster area, to also be eligible for EM loans,"
stated Lewis. Barbour, Calhoun, Gilmer, Grant, Greenbrier, Harrison, Lewis,
Mineral, Monongalia, Pendleton, Pleasants, Randolph, Taylor, Webster, Wirt, and
Wood counties are contiguous to the designated counties and are therefore
eligible for assistance," Lewis explained.

To be eligible for an emergency loan, the farmer must have suffered at least a
30 percent production loss or a physical loss, be able to evidence adequate
repayment ability and be unable to obtain adequate credit from other sources.

Loans to one operation are limited to $500,000 or the calculated production loss
plus the physical loss, whichever is less. Loans are also limited to owners
and/or operators of not larger than family-sized farming operations.

"Farmers in the above counties may apply for EM loans through Dec. 23," added
Lewis. "Applications should be filed in the FSA County Office which serves the
county in which the farmer lives," he concluded.

For Grant, Hardy, Pendleton, Randolph and Tucker counties, contact Terry L.
Weese, farm loan manager out of the Petersburg office at 304-257-4702.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GTC

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2010 Grant County Press


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

Funds Shrink For Chemical-Spill Training

BYLINE: Joe Hainthaler

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

jhainthaler@lnpnews.com

Lancaster County Commissioners said Tuesday that they want to keep an eye on the
resources the county has available for responding to chemical spills.

They also approved privately funded loans that will allow farms in Colerain
Township and Rapho Township to be passed along to the next generation.

The chemical spill issue came up when Randy Gockley, the county's emergency
management coordinator, was asking the commissioners' approval to seek a $33,073
state grant to provide insurance and training for the county's first responders
so they're ready to respond to chemical spills.

The grant from the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency is 19 percent less
than last year's, Gockley told the commissioners.

And that's not necessarily because Pennsylvania businesses are using hazardous
chemicals any less, he said.

The funds for the grant are down, Gockley said, because fewer businesses are
keeping 10,000 pounds of chemicals on hand on any given day - the condition that
requires a payment into the PEMA fund that provides for chemical spill training.

Gockley said he believes businesses are keeping their inventories of chemicals
down in order to reduce liability costs, rather than reducing the amounts of
chemicals they're using.

The county this year has collected $96,475 from businesses storing chemicals,
down 7.4 percent from the $104,225 collected in 2003, according to county
records.

Commissioners approved the grant request at their meeting Tuesday night at the
Terre Hill Community Center, one of the commissioners' quarterly meetings at
sites across the county. As a result, there will be no commissioners meeting
this morning in Lancaster.

At Tuesday morning's work session, commissioners also approved three tax-exempt
loans through the state's Next Generation Farm Loan program.

The loans - which involve no public funds - were the first approved by Penn
Township's new industrial development authority, which was formed in August.
Lancaster County's previous Next Generation Farm loans were approved by Chester
County's IDA.

Despite its name, the program does not require family-to-family sales but only
that the buyer be a beginning or first-time farmer.

An IDA approves tax-free loans permitted under state law for economic
development. Such loans must be approved by a local IDA and then the highest
local governing body, in this case the Lancaster County Board of Commissioners.

The tax-free loans approved Tuesday, all with Fulton Bank, will be for:

n $350,000 of the $650,000 purchase price for Abner and Suvilla King to buy a
46-acre farm in the 100 block of Sproul Road, Colerain Township, from Abner
King's father, Christian.

n $500,000 of the $1.2 million purchase price for Dustin and Cody Musser to buy
their parents' 124-acre farm - located on two parcels in the 1100 and 600 blocks
of Newcomer Road, Rapho Township.

n $509,000 (the maximum-allowed Next Generation Farm Loan amount) of the $1.575
million purchase price for Rustin and Heather Herr to buy a 71-acre farm in the
first block of Sproul Road, Colerain Township.

According to the most recent state data, Lancaster County accounts for most of
the loan money and most of the farms in the program.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Randy Gockley

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            February 2, 2007 Friday

USDA offers emergency loans for area farmers

BYLINE: Reformer.com

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 253 words


COLCHESTER -- The purpose of USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) Emergency Loans is
to help farmers recover from losses suffered due to severe weather conditions
including excessive rainfall and flooding.

Emergency loans may be made to farmers who have suffered at least a 30 percent
loss to a crop that comprises a basic part of the farm operation or a physical
loss to the operation.

The eligibility criteria for this program can be found at www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA /
or by stopping in or contacting a loan officer at the local FSA office.

The excessive rainfall earlier this past summer has created a mix of problems
for many farmers.

Low prices and increased costs make the issue even more complex. The amount of
credit we can extend is based on comparing your typical operation (three-year
average) to the disaster year and physical losses to the operation.

To assess the impact of the loss and amount of credit available, the FSA will
need to see specific information for each farm. For dairy operations this will
include the purchased feed needs to effectively utilize feed produced in 2006
which will require information provided by a qualified third party.

Deadlines for filing emergency loan applications in Windham County is May 1 and
May 14 for Bennington County.

Farmers and other interested parties who would like to discuss emergency loan
financing, contact a a local FSA office at one of these locations: St. Albans,
(802) 527-1296, Newport, (802) 334-6573, Middlebury, (802) 388-6748, White River
Jct., (802) 295-7942.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Valley News & Views (Drayton, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 9, 2011

Pembina County Farmers Eligible for USDA Disaster Emergency Loans

BYLINE: Valley News & Views staff

LENGTH: 209  words


Farmers in Pembina County who suffered physical and production losses because of
flooding that occurred February 14, 2011, and continuing may now apply for Farm
Service Agency Emergency Loans, Farm Loan Manager Werven announced.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months. For Pembina County
farmers, this means the deadline for applications to be filed is January 10,
2012.

Although the authority for Emergency Loan processing has been given, all
potential EM loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete
an application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual physical losses and production losses, disaster
payments, to crop insurance benefits, and any other crop production
compensation, is available and can be documented.

FLM Werven said farmers who suffered a qualifying production loss of at least
30% from normal and are unable to get credti elsewhere, may apply for reduced
interest loans to cover up to 100% of their lossses. The loans carry a 3.75
percent interest rate. To qualify for physical losses, there does not have to be
a qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA County
Office at 701-265-4333.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VNV

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 Valley News & Views


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Walsh County Press (Park River, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 25, 2011

Walsh County Farmers Now Eligible for USDA Disaster Emergency Loans

BYLINE: Walsh County Press staff

LENGTH: 210  words


PARK RIVER, N.D. -- Farmers in Walsh County who suffered physical and production
losses because of flooding that occurred February 14, 2011, and continuing may
now apply for Farm Service Agency Emergency Loans, Farm Loan Manager Donald
Tongen said.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months. For Walsh County
farmers, this means the deadline for applications to be filed is January 12,
2012.

Although the authority for Emergency Loan processing has been given, all
potential EM loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete
an application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual physical and production losses, disaster
payments, to crop insurance benefits, and to any other crop production
compensation is available and can be documented.

Tongen said farmers who suffered a qualifying production loss of at least 30%
from normal and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for reduced
interest loans to cover up to 100% of their losses. The loans carry a 3.75
percent interest rate. To qualify for physical losses, there does not have to be
a qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA County
Office at Park River.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAL

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 Walsh County Press


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           September 3, 1994 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

PRESCRIPTIONS FOR OVERCOMING THE DROUGHT

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Letters; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 665 words


We need our farmers, and now our farmers need us.

Our farmers must not be allowed to fail because of no fault of their own.

When a farmer has no income and cannot pay his bank loan, the bank forecloses
and another farmer is consigned to the scrap-heap, another farm sold and it
rarely regains its previous productivity.

This drought should be declared a state of emergency so that special concessions
can be implemented to save our farmers. These conditions would apply only for
the duration of the state of emergency.

1) Introduce emergency legislation to put all farm loans on hold; no payments by
the farmer until the farmer is again earning an income. A Government subsidy
could be paid to the banks to cover net interest-only needs of the bank at cost
(not the commercial interest charged on the loan). The farmer would still be
liable for the loan, which would resume when conditions allow.

2) Allow the farmer to claim the dole when there is clear evidence of no income,
and of need. This would apply without the need to sell his property or to have
his bank account completely empty. He still needs money to keep the farm
running, but may need assistance to actually feed his family.

3) Remove Government excise on fuel for farm use.

4) Provide free transport for emergency fodder.

Remember, if an uncontrolled number of farms are allowed to fail, Australia will
miss out on valuable export income and prices will rise because of shortages.

A country that cannot feed itself, and cannot defend itself is in mortal danger.

Neil Matthews,

September 1 Yarrawarra.

As a nation, we Australians seem to take bizarre delight in clicking our tongues
and shaking our heads when disaster strikes us. In recent times, I have read
much about "The Drought", every article factual but seasoned with despair and
indifference. What miserable bedfellows these make. Can't we kill them off?

Eighteen months ago, I returned to Australia after an absence of 16 years and
was unprepared for the changes in both society and in the physical appearance of
our land. In both instances I saw erosion.

Unbelievably, the great Murray, Hawkesbury, Nepean and Shoalhaven Rivers were
all dying or under threat; vast tracts of land west of the Great Divide from
Queensland to South Australia becoming one big dust bowl; our sheep and cattle
starving; the

wheat harvest failing and becoming poorer each year; the land and all who live
in it, suffering. What a disaster |

City people do not yet realise what is happening because they have, for the
moment, an abundant water supply. Their gardens blaze with colour and parks are
kept green. They think that this drought doesn't affect them but should the dam
system fail, it will. Two hours' drive from Sydney, the land is grey and it gets
worse the further west one travels. But let's get rid of despair and
indifference and stir ourselves to do something positive to halt the drought's
advance.

May I throw down the gauntlet of challenge to every person in Australia having
an active faith in God known as Creator of heaven and earth, to pray for
life-giving rain?

Vicki Brookes,

August 29 Bathurst.

The continuing coverage of the drought affecting most of NSW certainly sends
shivers down the spine of this urban person. The farmers and those who rely on
farmers in the country are in need of support from all the community.

In order to gain more funding from the State Government, I suggest that all
farmers assassinate their local Members of Parliament. The Government will then
call by-elections. During the run-up to the elections, the Government will
suddenly find millions of dollars and will offer to provide services and cash
for any project that looks like it will buy votes. This is the pattern from the
recent Parramatta by-election. Alternatively, now that the Fahey Government has
lost that by-election, the money promised in return for votes will probably not
be spent in Parramatta and could be diverted to assisting those in the country.

Peter Short,

August 31 Dangar Island.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1994 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Loans Seen Declining 66%

                           January 23, 1979, Tuesday

By JOSEPH D. HUTNYAN

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Agricultural loans are expected to decline by 66% in fiscal year 1980, according
to President Carter's budget submitted to Congress Monday.

The projected decrease results from an expectation of more normal weather
conditions, and because of expiration of several farm loan programs, the
document stated.

The section of the budget dealing with farm lending programs noted that
agricultural loans -- including emergency loans from the credit insurance fund
--rose sharply in fiscal year 1978 because more than two-thirds of the counties
in the nation were declared eligible for emergency financial assistance/because
of adverse weather conditions.

It said that the $3.6 billion loan volume recorded for these programs in 1978
would shrink to $3.3 billion in fiscal year 1979.

During fiscal year 1980, the 12-month period/starting, next Oct. 1 and ending
Sept. 30, 1980, the Agriculture Department expects loan volume to drop to $1.3
billion.

In addition to expectations of improved weather for crops, the decline also will
result from expiration of the emergency livestock loan guarantee and economic
emergency loan programs, the budget stated.

The document also included a recommendation for abolishing agricultural loan
programs currently administered by the Small Business Administration.

It said the SBA's farm credit programs overlap with those offered by the Farmers
Home Administration.

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 236 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1979 American Banker, Inc.


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Henderson (N.C.) Daily Dispatch

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

USDA loans available for qualified farmers

BYLINE: Henderson (N.C.) Daily Dispatch

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 271 words


Feb. 26--Farmers in the Tri-County may qualify for disaster assistance loans
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency, according to a
press release from the USDA.

Earlier this month, the USDA designated Franklin County as primary natural
disaster areas because of damages and losses caused by excessive rain and
flooding that began Sept. 24, 2015, and continues.

Farmers and ranchers in Vance, Granville, Warren, Halifax, Johnston, Nash, and
Wake counties also qualify for low-interest emergency loans because those
counties are contiguous to Franklin County.

Christeen Crudup, director of the Farm Service Agency's Vance County office,
said local farmers have expressed interest in the loans.

"A lot of producers and farmers have been calling," Crudup said.

She said Tri-County farmers who own livestock or produce a crop on more or less
than 10 acres of land can qualify for the loans.

"It could apply to almost anyone who farms," she said. "It's a very low interest
rate so this is another resource they have."

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for loans to help cover part of their losses.

Other FSA programs that can provide assistance but do not require a disaster
declaration include the emergency conservation program; livestock forage
disaster program; livestock indemnity program, emergency assistance for
livestock, honeybees, and farm-raised fish program; and the tree assistance
program. Additional information is available online at disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

___ (c)2016 Visit at www.hendersondispatch.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160226-HDD-USDA-loans-available-for-qualified-farmers-0226-20160226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDD


                 Copyright 2016 Henderson (N.C.) Daily Dispatch


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Some farms are dust bowls. The state's offering $1M to help

BYLINE: By Katie Lannan, State House News Service

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 420 words


BOSTON -- Up to $1 million in micro-loans will now be available to Massachusetts
farmers struggling under the impacts of a widespread and historic drought.

The launch of the Drought Emergency Loan Fund, announced Wednesday, is one of a
series of steps Gov. Charlie Baker and his administration are taking in response
to five months of abnormally dry weather.

Comparing it to a similar effort that made loans available to assist businesses
after record snowfall in 2015, Baker said in a statement that the fund "will
provide affordable working capital to small businesses grappling with the
aftermath of extreme weather."

Massachusetts has been under its own official drought declaration since July 1
and the arid conditions have been blamed for contributing to wild fires, an
outbreak of gypsy moths, higher rates of ant infestation, smaller than usual
apples, loss of crops, and an elevated population of mosquitoes carrying West
Nile virus.

Loan amounts range from $5,000 to $10,000 and are available to
Massachusetts-based family farms and "farm related businesses," according to the
application. Businesses "involved in real estate investment, multi-level
marketing, adult entertainment or firearms" are ineligible.

The new drought loan program is anticipated to run through November. The
Massachusetts Growth Capital Corporation will be responsible for funding the
loan, managing the loan portfolio and collecting interest and principal
payments.

State officials first announced plans to create an emergency loan fund at an
Aug. 18 press conference at North Andover's Smolak Farms, where owner Michael
Smolak said his strawberry plants and Christmas tree seedlings were suffering
under the dry conditions.

Smolak said this year's drought was "as bad as I've ever seen it, and I was born
in 1952, so I've been around for a few years."

As of Aug. 19, Massachusetts farmers had lost nearly $14 million in crops due to
the drought. The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency's state
emergency board has submitted a request for disaster declaration for some
Massachusetts counties, which would make federal assistance available.

Farmers in Essex, Franklin, Middlesex and Worcester counties qualify for federal
aid by virtue of a USDA disaster declaration in the New Hampshire counties they
border.

The Massachusetts Drought Management Task Force meets Thursday morning and plans
to get updates on conditions around the state and consider changing the drought
level classification for some parts of the state.

END

09/07/2016

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Valley News & Views (Drayton, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 19, 2010

Pembina County Farmers Eligible for USDA Disaster Emergency Loans

BYLINE: Valley News & Views staff

LENGTH: 238  words


Farmers in Pembina County who suffered physical and production losses because of
severe storms, tornadoes and flooding that occurred June 17 through June 26,
2010 and continuing may now apply for Farm Service Agency Emergency Loans, Farm
Loan Manager Linda Wervens announced Thursday.

Pembina County is eligible to make EM loans because it is bordering a county in
Minnesotathatwasdesignated a major disaster area.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months for Pembina County
Farmers, which means the deadline for applications to be filed is March 28,
2011.

Although the authority for Emergency Loan processing has been given, all
potential EM loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete
an application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual physicallossesandproduction losses, disaster
payments, to crop insurance benefits and to any other crop production
compensation, is available

and can be documented.

Werven said farmers who suffered a qualifying production loss of at least 30%
from normal and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for reduced
interest loans to cover up to 100% of their losses. The loans carry a 3.75
percent interest rate. To qualify for physical losses, there does not have to be
a qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA County
Offce at 701-265-4333.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VNV

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2010 Valley News & Views


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            June 6, 2007, Wednesday

Farm Service Agency emergency loans available in southern West Virginia

SECTION: METRO NORTH; Pg. P5

LENGTH: 304 words


Eighteen counties in West Virginia are eligible for Farm Service Agency
emergency grants, according to Robert P. Ferrebee, FSA state executive director.

"The counties of Barbour, Boone, Cabell, Gilmer, Grant, Hardy, Lewis, Lincoln,
Logan, McDowell, Mingo, Pendleton, Pocahontas, Putnam, Upshur, Wayne, Webster,
and Wyoming were designated for Emergency Loans by the Secretary of Agriculture
because of damages caused by severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides
beginning April 14, 2007," stated Ferrebee.

"This designation was made to enable FSA to provide financial assistance to
those farm families who suffered severe losses as a result of severe storms,
flooding, landslides, and mudslides," he added.

"Public Law 98-258 provides for counties that are contiguous to another county
that has been designated as a disaster area, to also be eligible for EM Loans,"
said Ferrebee.

The 17 counties that are contiguous are Braxton, Calhoun, Doddridge, Greenbrier,
Hampshire, Harrison, Kanawha, Mason, Mercer, Mineral, Nicholas, Preston,
Raleigh, Randolph, Ritchie, Taylor and Tucker. They are therefore eligible for
assistance," Ferrebee explained.

To be eligible for an emergency loan, the farmer must have suffered at least a
30-percent production loss or a physical loss, be able to evidence adequate
repayment ability and be unable to obtain adequate credit from other sources.

Loans to one operation are limited to $500,000, or the calculated production
loss, plus the physical loss, whichever is less. Loans are also limited to
owners and/or operators of not larger than family-sized farming operations.

"Farmers in the above West Virginia Counties may apply for EM Loans up through
Jan. 10, 2008," added Ferrebee.

"Applications should be filed in the FSA County Office which serves the county
in which the farmer lives."

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            June 6, 2007, Wednesday

Farm Service Agency emergency loans available

SECTION: METRO WEST KANAWHA; Pg. P8

LENGTH: 304 words


Eighteen counties in West Virginia are eligible for Farm Service Agency
emergency grants, according to Robert P. Ferrebee, FSA state executive director.

"The counties of Barbour, Boone, Cabell, Gilmer, Grant, Hardy, Lewis, Lincoln,
Logan, McDowell, Mingo, Pendleton, Pocahontas, Putnam, Upshur, Wayne, Webster,
and Wyoming were designated for Emergency Loans by the Secretary of Agriculture
because of damages caused by severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides
beginning April 14, 2007," stated Ferrebee.

"This designation was made to enable FSA to provide financial assistance to
those farm families who suffered severe losses as a result of severe storms,
flooding, landslides, and mudslides," he added.

"Public Law 98-258 provides for counties that are contiguous to another county
that has been designated as a disaster area, to also be eligible for EM Loans,"
said Ferrebee.

The 17 counties that are contiguous are Braxton, Calhoun, Doddridge, Greenbrier,
Hampshire, Harrison, Kanawha, Mason, Mercer, Mineral, Nicholas, Preston,
Raleigh, Randolph, Ritchie, Taylor and Tucker. They are therefore eligible for
assistance," Ferrebee explained.

To be eligible for an emergency loan, the farmer must have suffered at least a
30-percent production loss or a physical loss, be able to evidence adequate
repayment ability and be unable to obtain adequate credit from other sources.

Loans to one operation are limited to $500,000, or the calculated production
loss, plus the physical loss, whichever is less. Loans are also limited to
owners and/or operators of not larger than family-sized farming operations.

"Farmers in the above West Virginia Counties may apply for EM Loans up through
Jan. 10, 2008," added Ferrebee.

"Applications should be filed in the FSA County Office which serves the county
in which the farmer lives."

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Free Press (Kinstin, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 22, 2007 Saturday

USDA declares statewide natural disaster for farmers

BYLINE: David Anderson, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 508 words


Sep. 22--Once again, extreme weather conditions have forced federal agriculture
officials to de-clare a disaster in North Carolina and provide assistance funds
for farmers.

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns declared a secretarial major disaster in
May after an April cold snap cost the state's produce farmers millions of
dollars in crop losses, including farmers in Lenoir and Greene counties.

Johanns issued a natural disaster declaration for North Carolina on Sept. 12
because of this year's extended drought and extreme heat. Local agriculture
officials announced the declaration Friday.

Lenoir, Greene and Jones are among 85 of the state's 100 counties that have been
desig-nated "primary disaster counties," according to a news release. Farmers
who live in the primary counties, plus 11 eastern "contiguous" counties, can
apply for emergency loans from the USDA's Farm Service Agency.

Pat Williams, county executive director of the FSA's Lenoir office, said Friday
that the emergency loans are currently the only loans available to farmers for
this year.

Farmers who have lost 35 percent or more of their "row crops" -- corn, soybeans,
tobacco, cotton, peanuts -- are eligible for the federal disaster loans, said
Carl Bond, farm loan manager for Greene's FSA office.

"Right now it's too early to say who's going to come in because they haven't
finished with the harvesting of their crops," Bond said Friday.

The amount of loan money each farmer is eligible for depends on the amount lost,
how large of a crop insurance payment he or she receives and other factors, Bond
explained. The amount of crops lost also varies from field to field, since some
parts of Lenoir and Greene had more precipitation than others this year.

Farmers must also have collateral such as equipment or real estate to be
eligible for the emergency loans.

David Anderson can be reached at (252)559-1077, or danderson@freedomenc.com

Projected 2007 crop yields as of Sept. 12:

Flue-cured tobacco: 330 million pounds, 2 percent increase from 2006

Burley tobacco: 6.4 million pounds, compared with 6.46 million in 2006

Cotton: 611 pounds per acre, compared with 713 pounds per acre in 2006

Corn for grain: 91.67 million bushels, 6 percent drop from 2006

Soybeans: 30.1 million bushels, 31 percent drop from 2006

Peanuts: 211.6 million pounds, 21 percent drop from 2006

-Source: U.S. Department of Agriculture

Farm Service Agency contacts:

Lenoir County:

(252)523-0524, ext. 2

Sue Smithwick, farm loan manager

2026 Hwy. 11/55, Kinston

Greene County:

(252) 747-2968

Carl Bond, farm loan manager, ext. 110

Dianne Johnson, farm loan technician, ext. 109

Professional Drive, Snow Hill

To see more of The Free Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kinston.com/. Copyright (c) 2007, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070922-KI-USDA-declares-statewide-natural-disaster-for-farmers-0922

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KI


                  Copyright 2007 The Free Press, Kinstin, N.C.


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Valley News & Views (Drayton, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 15, 2010

Pembina County Farmers Now Eligible for USDA Disaster Emergency Loans

BYLINE: Valley News & Views staff

LENGTH: 237  words


warmers in FeniDina County who suffered physical and production losses because
of a severe winter storm that occurred January 20, 2010 through January 25, 2010
may now apply for Farm Service Agency Emergency Loans, Farm Loan Manger Linda
Werven announced on Tuesday.

Pembina County is eligible to make EM loans because it is a bordering county in
North Dakota that was designated a major disaster area.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months. For Pembina County
farmers this means the deadline for applications to be filed is October 26,
2010.

Although the authority for Emergency Loan processing has been given, all
potential EM loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete
an application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual physical losses and production losses, disaster
payments, to crop insurance benefits, and to any other crop production
compensation, is available and can be documented.

FLM Werven said farmers who suffered a qualifying productionlossofatleast30%
from normal and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for reduced
interest loans to cover up to 100% of their losses. The loans carry a 3.75
percent interest rate. To qualify for physical losses, there does not have to be
a qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA County
Office at 701-265-4333.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VNV

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2010 Valley News & Views


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates Silver Bow County in Montana as a Primary Natural Disaster
Area

LENGTH: 626  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated Silver Bow County in Montana as
a primary natural disaster area due to damages and losses caused by the recent
drought.


"Our hearts go out to those Montana farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Montana
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in Beaverhead, Deer Lodge, Jefferson and Madison counties
in Montana also qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties
are contiguous.


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas July 24, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.250 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Boise City News (Oklahoma)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 18, 2010

Farm Service Agency (FSA) Emergency Loans Available

BYLINE: The Boise City News staff

LENGTH: 235  words


Farmers and ranchers in 74 Oklahoma counties including Cimarron County and Texas
County, who suffered physical and production losses as a result of combined
effects of extreme weather, including drought, floods, hail, freeze, fire, and
high winds that began September 1, 2008, and ended June 30, 2009 are reminded of
the upcoming loan application deadline. According to Stephen Vaughan, Farm Loan
Officer, producers have until April 13, 2010, to apply. The loans will be made
to assist farmers in recovering from physical and production losses. Farm and
ranch operators, who have suffered qualifying losses, may be eligible for FSA
emergency loans to cover actual physical and production losses.

Emergency loan funds may be used to purchase seed, fertilizer, fuel, and
repairs. "A farmer can use the money for the most essential operating and living
costs," Mr. Vaughan said. To be eligible for a loan, an ap-plicant must have
suffered losses as a direct result of the disaster and be unable to obtain
credit from other sources. Loans covering actual losses are at an interest rate
of 3.75 percent per annum. The amount of the loan is determined by actual
certification of loss less any compensation received, repayment capacity of the
borrower, and availability of security. Please contact the Cimarron County FSA
Office at 210 S. Cimarron, PO Box 165, Boise City, OK 73933, 580-544-2401 for
additional details.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BSE

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2010 The Boise City News


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Walsh County Press (Park River, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 6, 2011

Walsh County Farmers Now Eligible for USDA Disaster Emergency Loans

BYLINE: Walsh County Press staff

LENGTH: 236  words


PARK RIVER, N.D. Farmers in Walsh County who suffered physical and production
losses because of flooding that occurred March 16, 2011, through May 25, 2011,
may now apply for Farm Service Agency Emergency Loans, Farm Loan Manager Donald
Tongen said today.

Walsh County is eligible to make EM loans because it is bordering a county in
Minnesota that was designated a major disaster area.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months. For Walsh County
fanners, this means the deadline for applications to be filed is January 24,
2012.

Although the authority for Emergency Loan processing has been given, all
potential EM loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete
an application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual physical and production losses, disaster
payments, to crop insurance benefits, and to any other crop production
compensation is available and can be documented.

Tongen said farmers who suffered a qualifying production loss of at least 30
percent from normal and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for
reduced interest loans to cover up to 100 percent of their losses. The loans
carry a 3.75 percent interest rate. To qualify for physical losses, there does
not have to be a qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA County
Office at Park River, ND.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAL

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 Walsh County Press


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Dickey County Leader (Ellendale, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 26, 2011

Dickey and Sargent County farmers now eligible for USDA Disaster Emergency Loans

BYLINE: The Dickey County Leader staff

LENGTH: 249  words


Farmers in Dickey and Sargent Counties who suffered physical and production
losses because of flooding that occurred March 11, 2011, and continuing may now
apply for Farm Service Agency Emergency Loans, Farm Loan Manager Loren L. Drege
said.

Dickey and Sargent Counties are eligible to make EM loans because it is
bordering a county in South Dakota that was designated a major disaster area.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months. For Dickey and
Sargent County farmers, this means the deadline for applications to be filed is
January 13, 2011.

Although the authority for Emergency Loan processing has been given, all
potential EM loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete
an application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual physical losses and production losses, disaster
payments, to crop insurance benefits, and to any other crop production
compensation, is available and can be documented.

Drege said farmers who suffered a qualifying production loss of at least 30%
from normal and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for reduced
interest loans to cover up to 100% of their losses. The loans carry a 3.75
percent interest rate. To qualify for physical losses, there does not have to be
a qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA County
Office at 211 South Main, LaMoure, ND 58458 or call (701) 883-5217 Ext 4 for
more information.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DIC

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2011 The Dickey County Leader


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 4, 2010 Saturday

USDA designates farmers eligible for disaster assistance

BYLINE: Suzanne Ulbrich, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 629 words


Dec. 04--Farmers in 67 North Carolina counties -- including Onslow, Carteret,
Jones and Duplin -- are eligible for federal assistance for this year's losses.

Based on history, however, a local farm loan manager doesn't expect a large
number locally to seek the financial aid.

"Typically we do not have a very large turnout, because you have to go through
the other channels first," said Robert Grady, a farm loan manager with FSA,
serving Onslow, Duplin, Pender and New Hanover counties.

On Wednesday, U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack designated
the 67 counties as disasters agriculturally due to drought and excessive heat
from May 1 to Oct. 1. The declaration makes farmers and producers in those
regions eligible for emergency loan assistance.

Since loss is determined on total harvest Grady said he doesn't expect calls
from those interested in applying to start coming in until the beginning of next
year.

"Many farmers are still getting soybeans and cotton crops out of the field, so
it will probably be January or later before they start calling and applying,
since that's when they'll be able to look at what their total crop losses were,"
he said.

There are also eligibility requirements that have to be met.

"To use this loan you've got to be financially unable to get help elsewhere --
you have to be financially unable to get a loan from the bank or farm credit in
order for Farm Service Agency to be in a position to help you," he said.

The emergency loan program is designed for farmers and producers who have had
significant loss, said Sue Aman Smithwick, a farm loan manager who serves
Carteret, Jones, Lenoir, Craven and Pamlico counties.

"There has to be a 30-percent loss or more of production after all insurances
and compensations," she said. "The government will provide a loan at 3.75
percent up to $500,000 per operation."

The loan is designed to refinance carry-over debt and production losses as a
result of the natural disaster, she said.

"Basically it is designed to take what went wrong and make it better," she said
"They can operate on it and pay due bills on it -- but they can't buy a piece of
farm equipment with it. There are limitations on how the money can be used."

She pointed out there was another agriculture disaster designation made Oct. 14,
which included Onslow, Lenoir, Carteret and Jones counties to cover damage
caused by the severe storms, flooding and straight line winds in late September.

"I cannot stress enough, any farmer who feels they have been affected by the
drought or the flooding should contact their local Farm Service Agency office
and we'll try to figure it out," she said.

Farmers have eight months from the date of the disaster declaration to apply for
emergency loan assistance.

The North Carolina counties that received agriculture disaster designations are:
Alamance, Anson, Beaufort, Bertie, Bladen, Brunswick, Camden, Carteret, Caswell,
Chatham, Cherokee, Chowan, Clay, Columbus, Craven, Cumberland, Dare, Davidson,
Davie, Duplin, Durham, Edgecombe, Forsyth, Franklin, Gates, Granville, Greene,
Guilford, Halifax, Harnett, Hertford, Hoke, Hyde, Jackson, Johnston, Jones, Lee,
Lenoir, Macon, Martin, Montgomery, Moore, Nash, New Hanover, Northampton,
Onslow, Orange, Pamlico, Pasquotank, Pender, Perquimans, Person, Pitt, Randolph,
Richmond, Robeson, Rowan, Sampson, Scotland, Stanley, Tyrrell, Vance, Wake,
Warren, Washington, Wayne and Wilson.

To see more of The Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.jacksonvilledailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily News,
Jacksonville, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101204-JN-USDA-designates-farmers-eligible-for-disaster-assistance-1204-201012
04

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2010 The Daily News


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Rural Front: Hope -- and a Defeat;
 Minnesota Farmers May Get Federal Emergency Credit

                          February 21, 1985, Thursday

Special to the American Banker

DATELINE: FULDA, Minn.


Farm customers of a bank closed here late last week by regulators may be the
first beneficiaries of a recently announced federal emergency credit assistance
program.

The Citizens State Bank of Fulda was ordered closed Friday Feb16 after
regulators determined that ''alleged lending irregularities'' and problem farm
loans had completely depleted its net worth.

One regulator said he hopes the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) will follow
through on plans to have several loan specialists on hand to provide emergency
credit assistance to farmers who may have trouble refinancing substandard loans.

The emergency credit plan is one portion of a three-part program announced early
this month by Agriculture Secretary John Block.

Under the plan, the FmHA would guarantee 90% of a bank loan, thus making the
farmer more of an attractive loan customer.

''This could be the first attempt to implement the program,'' said Craig Rice,
the liquidator in charge of the assets of the Fulda bank. ''We're going to push
to get them here.''

The program also offers a more attractive loan guarantee plan to banks, which
would require them to write down the interest rate on substandard loans, as well
as to write off up to 10% of the asset, in return for the guarantee.

The program also calls for federal regulators to ease pressure on farm banks.

Only farmers with viable businesses are extended the emergency credit.

''We aren't in the business of lending, but we may free up funds, if it will
protect our collateral, such as money for cattle feed,'' said Allen Whitney, a
spokesman for the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., who was at the Fulda bank
late last week.

Bank Problems Linked to Farm

More than half the failed bank's $30 million in loans were made to farmers in
the southwestern Minnesota community, and another one-fourth were commercial
loans made to agriculture-related businesses.

''The problems of the bank [are] directly related to the problems of the farm
community,'' said Michael Hatch, state commerce commissioner.

However, he added that the Fulda bank was not representative of the industry's
condition in the area.

A failed bank's loan customers are often the ones to suffer the most, according
to Mr. Hatch, since the FDIC often recalls the troubled loans it cannot sell
off, and customers have trouble finding other financing sources.

Mr. Hatch mentioned a case last year in which a farmer had his grain seized by
the FDIC while delivering it to a terminal.

Increasing criticism of these FDIC practices is part of the reason why
regulators have taken several steps to aid farm customers of failed banks. One
of those steps is the new program.

The FDIC also has adopted a more lenient attitude toward farm customers of
failed banks. It began extending emergency credit to some borrowers in Nebraska
earlier this year and may do the same in the Fulda case.

The FDIC's forbearance allows some farmers to continue their businesses and find
other sources of financing, and enhances the agency's chances to recover more of
the assets.

24 State Banks Remain 'Problems'

Citizens reopened Tuesday as the Fulda State Bank.

The failed bank's $35 million in insured deposits were purchased for $301,000 by
Frank Farrar, a former South Dakota governor who has an interest in about 20
institutions in Minnesota, South Dakota, Wisconsin, Illinois, and Iowa.

Twenty-four state-chartered institutions remain on Minnesota's ''problem bank''
list. Many are in agriculture communities, according to Mr. Hatch.

Despite the depressed farm economy, Minnesota's rural banks are doing better
than those in other farm states, such as Nebraska and Iowa, according to Milos
Konjevich, regional director of the FDIC.

Citizens' ''unsafe and unsound'' management practices also contributed to its
problems, Mr. Hatch said.

The institution's executive vice president, R.E. Howe, was removed from his
position after examiners found ''alleged lending irregularities'' totaling
$1.625 million, according to Mr. Hatch.

Apparently, people listed as loan recipients did not receive money from the
bank, Mr. Hatch said.

The bank is insured against misappropriation of funds and other questionable
practices by its officers, but that coverage has a $1 million limit.

Prosecutor Investigates

Mr. Hatch referred the case to the prosecutor's office of Murray County, where
Fulda is located. Neither R.E. Howe, nor R.P. Howe, the bank's president, were
available for comment.

The failed bank, which had $36 million in deposits, had a negative net worth of
$1.275 million.

Although Mr. Hatch doubted any of the bank's more than 5,200 depositors would
lose money, Citizens is the first Minnesota bank failure in which some
depositors have been uninsured.

About 15 accounts exceeded the $100,000 maximum in deposits insured by the FDIC.
About $331,000 was uninsured. Those customers will have to wait for their money,
just as any other creditor, according to Mr. Whitney.

The bank, which ended the year with total assets of $39 million, lost $293,000
last year. The bank also ended the year with $7.1 million in nonperforming
loans, of which $4.8 million were more than 90 days past due.

Of the $542,000 the bank had to charge off last year, $330,000 was in
agricultural loans, according to the bank's yearend financial report.

Citizens was the 13th bank and the seventh agricultural institution to fail in
the nation this year. Last year, Minnesota had four bank failures.

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 917 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: USDA Designates 4 Counties in California as Primary Natural Disaster Areas

LENGTH: 682  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

"Our hearts go out to those California farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling California
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in California also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Alameda

Contra Costa

Riverside

San Bernardino

Santa Cruz
Alpine

Los Angeles

Sacramento

San Diego

Stanislaus
Amador

Merced

San Benito

San Mateo

Tuolumne


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas July 31, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.250 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.



Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Clarendon Enterprise (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 13, 2014

Donley eligible for FSA loans

BYLINE: The Clarendon Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 238  words


Donley County was declared as a primary natural disaster area on February 12,
2014, and is eligible for Farm Service Agency (FSA) disaster emergency loans.

Generally, that means that farmers who have lost at least 30 percent of their
production due to the damages and losses caused by drought, that occurred from
December 17, 2013 and continuing may be eligible for FSA loans. Proceeds from
crop insurance are taken into consideration when determining eligibility.

Armstrong, Collingsworth, and Hall counties are named contiguous counties where
eligible family farmers may qualify for FSA EM loan assistance, pursuant to
section 321 (a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rual Development Act.

FSA Farm Loan Manager Tonya R. Watson and Farm Loan Officer Debbie Roberts
Hillis is urging farmers who are interested in receiving an emergency loan to
submit their applications into FSA as soon as possible.

Mrs. Watson said, "We hope farmers will get their applications in early rather
than waiting until near the deadline, which is October 14, 2014, for production
and physical losses. The longer they wait, the more chance there is for long
delays. If the applications come in early, we can avoid backlogs and speed up
the process."

The FSA office is located at 305 Ave B, NW in Childress or the Donley County
office located at 321 S. Sully St. in Clarendon. The telephone number is in
Childress is 940-937-8624 and in Clarendon is 806-874-3561.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CLR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2014 The Clarendon Enterprise


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 8 Counties in Texas as Primary Natural Disaster Areas With
Assistance to Producers in Surrounding Areas

LENGTH: 642  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

"Our hearts go out to those Texas farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Texas
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Texas also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those counties are:


Bowie

Panola

Rusk

Wood
Franklin

Red River

Smith


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties and parishes in Arkansas and
Louisiana also qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties
are contiguous. They are:
Arkansas


Miller


Louisiana


Caddo Parish


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Aug. 21, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.50 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012 and again in 2013.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 9, 2009 Friday

12 Northwest counties declared disaster area

BYLINE: Brad Swenson, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 501 words


Oct. 9--Twelve northwest Minnesota counties, including Beltrami County, were
declared a disaster area Thursday by U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.

Kittson, Koochiching, Lake of the Woods, Marshall, Pennington, and Roseau
counties were designated as primary natural disaster areas. Beltrami,
Clearwater, Itasca, Polk, Red Lake, and St. Louis counties have been designated
as contiguous agricultural disaster counties, Gov. Tim Pawlenty said Thursday in
a statement.

The designation makes farm operators in each county eligible for low-interest
emergency loans from the federal Farm Service Agency. The gvernor requested the
designation on Sept. 15, due to excessive snow and rain, flooding and
unseasonably cool temperatures, that occurred between April 1 and June 30.

"Many farmers in northern Minnesota struggled this year because of difficult
conditions," Republican Pawlenty said. "We want to ensure Minnesota farmers who
suffered losses earlier this year have access to assistance that will help them
manage through this agricultural disaster."

U.S. Sen. Al Franken, DFL-Minn., followed Pawlenty's request with a letter to
Vilsack also requesting the disaster area designation.

"I am relieved that Secretary Vilsack recognized the urgency of the situation
here on our farms in northern Minnesota," said Franken. "Protecting Minnesota's
family farms and farming communities is incredibly important to me."

Farmers in the designated six counties are now eligible to be considered for
low-interest emergency loans from the Farm Service Agency and the Supplemental
Revenue Assistance Program.

The Loss Assessment Report submitted by the counties and approved by the FSA
showed that farms in the affected counties experienced crop losses of 30 percent
or more due to prevented planting of corn, soybeans, wheat, canola, sunflowers,
flax, and barely, Pawlenty said.

Farmers located in the designated counties should contact their local FSA office
for more information about the available assistance. This assistance includes
FSA emergency loans and the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments Program,
which was approved as part of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008.

Emergency loan funds may be used to restore or replace essential property, pay
all or part of production costs associated with the disaster year, pay essential
family living expenses, reorganize the farming operation and refinance certain
debts. FSA considers each application on its own merit by taking into account
the extent of losses, security available, and repayment ability.

bswenson@bemidjipioneer.com

To see more of The Bemidji Pioneer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.bemidjipioneer.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091009-JI-12-Northwest-counties-declared-disaster-area-1009

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                                 Copyright 2009


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 30, 2015 Tuesday

Disaster Designation for Drought Makes Federal Loans Available to Farmers,
Ranchers in Lewis County

BYLINE: The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


June 30--Lewis County farmers and ranchers facing hardship due to the drought
can now apply for federal financial assistance.

The secretary of agriculture automatically activated a disaster designation for
multiple Washington state counties on June 24 when eight counties reached severe
drought conditions as determined by the U.S. Drought Monitor.

The eight primary disaster counties are: Adams, Columbia, Grant, Walla Walla,
Benton, Franklin, Klickitat and Yakima.

Because Lewis County borders Yakima County, farmers and ranchers are also
eligible for low-interest emergency loans. Farmers in Douglas, King, Okanogan,
Skamania, Garfield, Kittitas, Lincoln, Pierce and Whitman counties also qualify
for help.

"If drought worsens in our country, we may be implementing additional disaster
relief programs," said Martha Dorsey, county executive director for the Farm
Service Agency. "It's important that farmers and ranchers report damage and
losses to the FSA office to help us assess the overall drought situation in case
we need to request approval to offer additional programs."

Farmers and ranchers can apply for low-interest emergency loans from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency. The loans can be used to
restore or replace property, pay associated production costs, living expenses,
reorganize operations or refinance debts.

Farmers have eight months to apply for the loans to help cover part of their
losses from June 24. The up to 40-year loans have a 3.375 percent interest rate.
Each application will be considered based on the extent of losses, security
available and repayment ability.

The Livestock Forage; Emergency Conservation; Livestock Indemnity; Emergency
Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees and Farm-Raised Fish; and the Tree
Assistance programs also offer assistance to farmers and ranchers.

For additional information visit disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

___ (c)2015 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150630-1CE-Disaster-Designation-for-Drought-Makes-Federal-Loans
-20150630

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2015 The Chronicle


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

$1M loan fund for farmers launched

BYLINE: By Katie Lannan, State House News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 418 words


BOSTON -- Up to $1 million in micro-loans will now be available to Massachusetts
farmers struggling under the impacts of a widespread and historic drought.

The launch of the Drought Emergency Loan Fund, announced Wednesday, is one of a
series of steps Gov. Charlie Baker and his administration are taking in response
to five months of abnormally dry weather.

Comparing it to a similar effort that made loans available to assist businesses
after record snowfall in 2015, Baker said in a statement that the fund "will
provide affordable working capital to small businesses grappling with the
aftermath of extreme weather."

Massachusetts has been under its own official drought declaration since July 1
and the arid conditions have been blamed for contributing to wild fires, an
outbreak of gypsy moths, higher rates of ant infestation, smaller than usual
apples, loss of crops, and an elevated population of mosquitoes carrying West
Nile virus.

Loan amounts range from $5,000 to $10,000 and are available to
Massachusetts-based family farms and "farm related businesses," according to the
application. Businesses "involved in real estate investment, multi-level
marketing, adult entertainment or firearms" are ineligible.

The new drought loan program is anticipated to run through November. The
Massachusetts Growth Capital Corporation will be responsible for funding the
loan, managing the loan portfolio and collecting interest and principal
payments.

State officials first announced plans to create an emergency loan fund at an
Aug. 18 press conference at North Andover's Smolak Farms, where owner Michael
Smolak said his strawberry plants and Christmas tree seedlings were suffering
under the dry conditions.

Smolak said this year's drought was "as bad as I've ever seen it, and I was born
in 1952, so I've been around for a few years."

As of Aug. 19, Massachusetts farmers had lost nearly $14 million in crops due to
the drought. The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency's state
emergency board has submitted a request for disaster declaration for some
Massachusetts counties, which would make federal assistance available.

Farmers in Essex, Franklin, Middlesex and Worcester counties qualify for federal
aid by virtue of a USDA disaster declaration in the New Hampshire counties they
border.

The Massachusetts Drought Management Task Force meets Thursday morning and plans
to get updates on conditions around the state and consider changing the drought
level classification for some parts of the state.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Brown Announces USDA Disaster Designation Status for 22 Ohio Counties

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Sherrod Brown, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

New federal assistance is available for Ohio agricultural producers in 22
northeastern and southern Ohio counties who experienced crop or production loss
due to a recent freeze. U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-OH) today announced that the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated Ashtabula, Geauga,
Jackson, Lake, Lorain, Portage, and Summit Counties as primary natural disaster
counties after they experienced freezing weather conditions between January 2,
2014 and April 17, 2014. The USDA has also designated Ashland, Cuyahoga, Erie,
Gallia, Huron, Lawrence, Mahoning, Medina, Pike, Ross, Scioto, Stark, Trumbull,
Vinton, and Wayne Counties as contiguous disaster counties.

"Ohio producers whose livelihoods are threatened by no fault of their own rely
on the FSA's emergency loan program to manage risk on their farms and continue
to provide a reliable food supply for Ohio and the world," said Brown. "This
federal assistance will help them rebuild and get back on their feet."

With this disaster designation, primary and contiguous counties are eligible to
be considered for assistance from the Farm Service Agency (FSA), including
emergency loans. Eligible farmers have eight months from the date of the
official disaster declaration to apply for emergency loans and can receive
guidance in applying for these loans from their local FSA office.

Brown is the first Ohioan to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in more
than 40 years. In 2014, he was part of the Senate Farm Bill Conference Committee
that successfully negotiated a five-year farm bill that had been stalled for
more than three years.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Corsicana Daily Sun (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 14, 2015 Tuesday

Disaster assistance available for Texas farmers, ranchers

BYLINE: Corsicana Daily Sun, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 523 words


July 14--AUSTIN -- When disasters such as the May 4 through June 19 storms and
floods strike, farmers and ranchers have options for help.

Farmers and ranchers affected by the May 4 to June 19 storms, tornadoes,
straight-line winds may be eligible for assistance from several agencies and
should apply today.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) may assist survivors who are
farmers and ranchers with some immediate needs including:

Grants to pay for temporary housing and minor home repairs,

Grants to replace personal property, including clothing,

Grants to pay for serious immediate needs not covered by insurance.

The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) may offer low-interest loans to
farmers and ranchers to rebuild or repair their primary home and replace lost or
damaged personal property.

To begin the application process, call FEMA at 800-621-FEMA (3362), TTY
800-462-7585, or for those who use 711 or Video Relay Services (VRS), call
800-621-3362. Survivors may also apply online at www.DisasterAssistance.gov

Other programs through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Texas Farm Service
Agency (FSA) include:

Emergency loans may be used to:

Restore or replace essential property,

Pay all or part of production costs associated with the disaster year,

Pay essential family living expenses,

Reorganize the farming operation, and

Refinance certain debts, excluding real estate.

Provide loan applicants up to 100 percent of their total actual production
and/or physical losses. Production losses must not exceed 30 percent. The
maximum loan is $500,000.

Non-Insured Crop Disaster Assistance Program provides financial assistance for
non-insurable crops when low yields, loss of inventory, or prevented planting
occur due to natural disasters, including grass for grazing. Eligible producers
must have purchased coverage for 2015.

Livestock Indemnity Program with payments to eligible producers for livestock
death losses in excess of normal mortality due to the disaster,

Tree Assistance Program for nursery tree growers, vineyards and orchardists.

Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees and Farm-Raised Fish Program that
provides emergency relief for feed losses (including lost grazing days and baled
forage) and/or water shortages, due to a disaster.

Emergency Conservation Program that provides emergency funding to rehabilitate
land severely damaged by a natural disaster, including fencing.

Texas leads the nation in the number of farms and ranches with 248,800 farms and
ranches covering more than 130 million acres. The economic impact of food and
fiber grown in Texas amounts to more than $100 billion per year.

To date, the FSA has identified dozens of disaster counties and contiguous
counties where farmers and ranchers are eligible for FSA emergency loans. To get
more information on FSA services, go online to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture website at: www.fsa.usda.gov.

To locate your nearest FSA County office, visit: http://offices.usda.gov.

___ (c)2015 the Corsicana Daily Sun (Corsicana, Texas) Visit the Corsicana Daily
Sun (Corsicana, Texas) at corsicanadailysun.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150714-XQ-Disaster-assistance-available-for-Texas-farmers-ranchers-0714-201507
14

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XQ


                       Copyright 2015 Corsicana Daily Sun


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            August 22, 2009 Saturday
                            WESTERN NEW YORK EDITION

LOCAL NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: LOCAL; Local News Briefs; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 310 words


Farm agency offers loans for tornado damage

Family farmers in Erie County have been declared eligible for disaster emergency
loan assistance from the Farm Service Agency for damage and losses caused by the
tornado that struck July 25 in neighboring Genesee County.

Under the program, farmers may be eligible for physical loss loans of up to 100
percent of their actual losses, the operating loan amount needed to continue
business, or a maximum principal balance outstanding of $500,000, whichever is
less.

Farmers must be unable to obtain credit from private commercial lenders to
receive the loans. The interest rate on the emergency loans is 3.75 percent.

Applications will be accepted until April 7. The FSA office is located at 3542
Turner Road, Jamestown. For more information call 664-2351.

***

Downtown Fredonia hosts Farm Festival

FREDONIA -- The Fredonia Farm Festival is this weekend at Barker Commons.

Today's events include a farmers' market and craft, art and food vendors, a
children's pet show at 10 a.m. and a '50s sock hop, including a hula hoop
contest at noon at the park gazebo. At 5 p.m. there will be a pie contest, pie
auction, youth cookie contest and youth cookie auction. Music in the gazebo gets
under way at 7 p.m.

On Sunday, vendors will be on hand at the farmers' market and throughout the
park, with a parade getting under way at 1 p.m.

At 4 p.m. there will be a concert by country musician Sean Patrick McGraw.

***

Pfeiffer Center to hold events on insects, owls

PORTVILLE -- The Pfeiffer Nature Center, at 1974 Lillibridge Road, is host to
two events this month that are open to the public.

"Interesting Insects," with Bill Shelp, is scheduled from 10 a.m. to noon today.

"Owl Prowl," with Hawk Hideaway is planned for 7 to 9 p.m. Aug. 29. There is a
$5 fee.

To register, call (716) 933-0187. For information, visit
www.pfeiffernaturecenter.org.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 8, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates Washington County in Idaho as a Primary Natural Disaster
Area With Assistance to Producers in Oregon

LENGTH: 656  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated Washington County in Idaho as a
primary natural disaster area due to damages and losses caused by the recent
drought.


"Our hearts go out to those Idaho farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Idaho
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Idaho also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those counties are:


Adams

Gem

Payette



Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Oregon also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Oregon
Baker and Malheur


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Aug. 7, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.50 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Dickey County Leader (Ellendale, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 20, 2011

Dickey and Sargent County Farmers Now Eligible for USDA Disaster Emergency Loans

BYLINE: The Dickey County Leader staff

LENGTH: 254  words


Farmers in Dickey and Sargent Counties who suffered physical and production
losses because of several severe storms with excessive rain, flooding, flash
flooding, hail, tornadoes, and high winds that occurred March 1, 2010 and
continuing may now apply for Farm Service Agency Emergency Loans, Farm Loan
Manager. Loren L. Drege said today.

Dickey County and Sargent County are eligible to make EM loans because it is
bordering a county in South Dakota that was designated a major disaster area.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months. For Dickey and
Sargent County Fanners, this means the deadline for applications to be filed is
July 5, 2011.

Although the authority for Emergency Loan processing has been given, all
potential EM loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete
an application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual physical and production losses, disaster
payments, to crop insurance benefits and to any other crop production
compensation, is available and can be documented.

Drege said farmers who suffered a qualifying production loss of at least 30%
from normal and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for reduced
interest loans to cover up to 100% of their losses. The loans carry a 3.75%
interest rate. To qualify for physical losses, there does not have to be a
qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA Office
at 211 South Main Street in LaMoure, ND.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DIC

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2011 The Dickey County Leader


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Chester Progressive (California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 18, 2012

Plumas County eligible for USDA emergency farm loans

BYLINE: The Chester Progressive staff

LENGTH: 262  words


Pursuant to the secretary of agriculture's designation of an emergency in the
state of California May 31, Alameda, Marin and Tehama counties have been named
eligible for USDA emergency farm loans because of physical and production losses
based on damages and losses caused by drought covering the 2012 crop year, which
occurred Oct. 1,2011, and continuing.

In addition, the following contiguous counties are eligible:

Butte, Contra Costa, Glenn, Mendocino, Plumas, San Joaquin, Santa Clara, Shasta,
Sonoma, Stanislaus and Trinity.

Farmers in all 14 counties have eight months to apply for the loans to help
cover part of their actual losses. Some of the eligibility requirements are as
follows:

Have suffered at least a 30 percent loss of normal production directly related
to above-cited cause.

Be able to repay the loan and any other loans.

Be unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

Have adequate security.

Have multi-peril crop insurance, if available.

Meet other eligibility criteria.

All applicants must complete a certification of disaster losses, which reflects
the exact date(s) and nature of the designated disaster and how it caused the
loss or damage. Crop insurance field reports may be a source for documenting
losses directly related to the cited cause.

The authorization for Farm Service Agency (FSA) to accept emergency loan
applications under this authorization expires Jan. 31, 2013. Applications should
be filed with the FSA Service Center at 215 Executive Court, Suite C, Yreka, CA
96097 or Shasta County FSA Office at 3644 Avtech Parkway, Suite D, Redding, CA
96002.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHE

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Chester Progressive


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND, HIGGINS, COLLINS ANNOUNCE USDA HAS ISSUED SECRETARIAL
DISASTER DECLARATION FOR 7 WNY COUNTIES DEVASTATED BY NOVEMBER SNOWSTORM

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Today, U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and
Representatives Brian Higgins and Chris Collins announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture has approved primary and contiguous disaster
designations for seven Western New York counties, due to losses caused by
excessive snow, flooding, freeze, and high winds that occurred from November 17
through November 24, 2014. The Secretarial natural disaster declaration will
apply for the following counties: Genesee, Erie, Livingston, Monroe, Niagara,
Orleans and Wyoming. In November, following the storm, Schumer, Gillibrand,
Higgins and Collins urged the USDA to assess damage and be ready to issue this
declaration so that emergency loans could be made available to the farmers,
flower growers, and local producers that suffered as a result of this historic
November snowstorm. The lawmakers said that USDA assistance is available to
farmers who experience severe crop, livestock and business loss.

"After weathering several days of brutal weather and record-high snowfall, the
USDA's decision to provide emergency disaster assistance to farmers and growers
across seven Western New York counties is welcome news. I visited many
communities and saw the damage the snow caused firsthand. Thankfully, this
disaster declaration means our Upstate farmers and growers will have access to
critical emergency loans and more, at a time when they need it the most," said
Senator Schumer. "I applaud the U.S. Department of Agriculture for swiftly
assessing the damage to farms, flower growers, vineyards, wineries and orchards
throughout the region following the historic snowfall in November, and coming
through with disaster designation."

"I saw firsthand the severe losses Western New York's agriculture community
faced after last month's unprecedented snowfall. The stories I heard were
powerful. This declaration will enable those who lost greenhouses, barns,
processing facilities, harvesting equipment, animals, trees, vines, and crops to
access resources that will help them as they recover and begin planning for a
new growing season. I thank Secretary Vilsack and the dedicated staff of the
Farm Service Agency who worked so hard to make sure the voices of our famers
were heard and that this much-needed aid is being made available," said Senator
Gillibrand, the first New York Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture
Committee in nearly 40 years.

"Farm communities in Western New York were hit hard by the November snowstorm,
and the federal government has an obligation to respond," said Congressman
Higgins. "This disaster caused loss of crops and business impacting the
livelihood of local farmers.  We applaud the USDA's willingness to provide much
needed relief to those struggling to recover from damages caused by the storm."

"Western New York's agriculture community took a huge hit during the historic
November snowstorm and our local farmers and growers need help," said
Congressman Chris Collins (NY-27).  "I am pleased that our bipartisan push
worked and the USDA is taking action necessary to provide needed disaster
assistance."

The Senators and Congressmen explained that this Secretarial disaster
designation will make farm operators eligible to be considered for Farm Service
Agency (FSA) emergency loans. Farmers in these eligible counties will have eight
months from the date of the Secretarial disaster declaration to apply for such
emergency loans.

The programs available with a USDA disaster declaration are as follows:

·         Emergency Farm Loans - low interest loans.

·         Disaster Set-Aside Program - borrowers located in designated disaster
areas or contiguous counties who are unable to make their scheduled payment on
any FSA debt can set-aside of one payment after a disaster.

Additionally, the following programs are available through the USDA without a
disaster declaration:

·         Tree Assistance Program (TAP) - provides financial assistance to
qualifying orchardists and nursery tree growers to replant or rehabilitate
eligible trees, bushes and vines damaged by natural disasters.

·         Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP) - provides benefits to livestock
producers for livestock deaths in excess of normal mortality caused by adverse
weather.

·         Forest Restoration Program (FRP) - helps the owners of non-industrial
private forests restore forest health damaged by natural disasters.

·         Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honey Bees, & Farm-raised Fish
(ELAP) - provides emergency relief to producers of livestock, honey bees, and
farm-raised fish from other natural disasters that are not adequately covered by
any other disaster program.

In their letter to Secretary Vilsack last month, Schumer, Gillibrand, Collins
and Higgins wrote: "We urge USDA to dedicate all available resources to complete
a damage survey in the most timely manner to assess the need for a USDA disaster
declaration to prevent the delay of any needed emergency relief. Additionally,
we request that FSA field officers work with farmers to help them accurately
document losses, which will enable them to apply for USDA disaster programs."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

USDA Designates Natural Disaster Areas in 256 Counties in Western and
Southwestern United States Due to Drought, Opening Door to Assistance

LENGTH: 619  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued following press release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has previously designated natural
disaster areas in 256 counties across Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho,
Kansas, Nevada, Oklahoma, Texas, and Utah due to drought conditions in 2015.
USDA wants to remind producers affected by disaster that the 2014 Farm Bill,
which was signed into law one year ago by President Obama, has paved the way for
qualified farmers and ranchers in affected counties to apply for a variety of
safety net programs and loans.

Farmers and ranchers in designated areas may qualify for low interest emergency
loans through USDA's Farm Service Agency. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. Each loan application is considered on its own
merits and based on the extent of losses, security available and repayment
ability. Visit www.fsa.usda.gov/farmloans to learn more.

In addition to drought, USDA's Farm Service Agency also provides assistance for
natural disaster loses resulting from flood, fire, freeze, tornadoes, pest
infestation, and other calamities. These programs include:

Livestock Indemnity Program, which compensates eligible livestock producers that
have suffered livestock death losses in excess of normal mortality due to
adverse weather. Eligible livestock includes beef cattle, dairy cattle, bison,
poultry, sheep, swine, horses, and other livestock as determined by the
Secretary.
    Livestock Forage Disaster Program compensates eligible livestock producers
that have suffered grazing losses due to drought or fire on publicly managed
land.
    Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honey Bees, & Farm-Raised Fish provides
emergency assistance to eligible producers of livestock, honeybees and farm
-raised fish that have losses due to disease, adverse weather, or other
conditions, such as blizzards and wildfires, as determined by the Secretary of
Agriculture.
    Tree Assistance Program provides financial assistance to qualifying
orchardists and nursery tree growers to replant or rehabilitate eligible trees,
bushes and vines damaged by natural disasters.
    Emergency Conservation Program helps farmers and ranchers to repair damage
to farmlands caused by natural disasters and to help put in place methods for
water conservation during severe drought.
    Emergency Forest Rehabilitation Program helps the owners of non-industrial
private forests restore forest health damaged by natural disasters.

The 2014 Farm Bill also significantly improved the Noninsured Disaster
Assistance Program by giving producers the option to select higher levels of
risk protection for crops and commodities that do not have crop insurance
available. Producers can determine whether Noninsured Disaster Assistance is
available by visiting their local FSA office or using a Web-based tool.

The Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement
each provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief
to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access
to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative
public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made
products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to
help improve quality of life in rural America.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

USDA Designates Natural Disaster Areas in 256 Counties in Western and
Southwestern United States Due to Drought, Opening Door to Assistance

LENGTH: 619  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued following press release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has previously designated natural
disaster areas in 256 counties across Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho,
Kansas, Nevada, Oklahoma, Texas, and Utah due to drought conditions in 2015.
USDA wants to remind producers affected by disaster that the 2014 Farm Bill,
which was signed into law one year ago by President Obama, has paved the way for
qualified farmers and ranchers in affected counties to apply for a variety of
safety net programs and loans.

Farmers and ranchers in designated areas may qualify for low interest emergency
loans through USDA's Farm Service Agency. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. Each loan application is considered on its own
merits and based on the extent of losses, security available and repayment
ability. Visit www.fsa.usda.gov/farmloans to learn more.

In addition to drought, USDA's Farm Service Agency also provides assistance for
natural disaster loses resulting from flood, fire, freeze, tornadoes, pest
infestation, and other calamities. These programs include:

Livestock Indemnity Program, which compensates eligible livestock producers that
have suffered livestock death losses in excess of normal mortality due to
adverse weather. Eligible livestock includes beef cattle, dairy cattle, bison,
poultry, sheep, swine, horses, and other livestock as determined by the
Secretary.
    Livestock Forage Disaster Program compensates eligible livestock producers
that have suffered grazing losses due to drought or fire on publicly managed
land.
    Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honey Bees, & Farm-Raised Fish provides
emergency assistance to eligible producers of livestock, honeybees and farm
-raised fish that have losses due to disease, adverse weather, or other
conditions, such as blizzards and wildfires, as determined by the Secretary of
Agriculture.
    Tree Assistance Program provides financial assistance to qualifying
orchardists and nursery tree growers to replant or rehabilitate eligible trees,
bushes and vines damaged by natural disasters.
    Emergency Conservation Program helps farmers and ranchers to repair damage
to farmlands caused by natural disasters and to help put in place methods for
water conservation during severe drought.
    Emergency Forest Rehabilitation Program helps the owners of non-industrial
private forests restore forest health damaged by natural disasters.

The 2014 Farm Bill also significantly improved the Noninsured Disaster
Assistance Program by giving producers the option to select higher levels of
risk protection for crops and commodities that do not have crop insurance
available. Producers can determine whether Noninsured Disaster Assistance is
available by visiting their local FSA office or using a Web-based tool.

The Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement
each provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief
to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access
to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative
public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made
products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to
help improve quality of life in rural America.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Oakes Times (North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 4, 2010

Dickey, LaMoure, & Sargent County Farmers Now Eligible For USDA Disaster
Emergency Loans

BYLINE: The Oakes Times staff

LENGTH: 250  words


Farmers in Dickey, LaMoure and Sargent Counties who suffered physical and
production losses because of combined effects of drought, frost, cool
temperatures, excessive rain, excessive late-season snowfall, flooding, ground
saturation, hail, high winds, and weather related losses from insects and
diseases that occurred January 1, 2009 and continuing may now apply for Farm
Service Agency Emergency Loans, Farm Loan Manager Loren L. Drege said today.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months. For Dickey, LaMoure
and Sargent County farmers, this means the deadline for applications to be filed
is July 26, 2010.

Although the authority for Emergency Loan processing has been given, all
potential EM loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete
an application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual physical and production losses, disaster
payments, to crop insurance benefits and to any other crop production
compensation, is available and can be documented.

Drege said farmers who suffered a qualifying production loss of at least 30%
from normal and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for reduced
interest loans to cover up to 100% of their losses. The loans carry a 3.75
percent interest rate. To qualify for physical losses, there does not have to be
a qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA Office
at 211 South Main Street in LaMoure, N.D.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OAK

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2010 Oakes Times


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                              March 3, 2013 Sunday

USDA designates 12 Counties in New Mexico as primary natural disaster areas

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 844 words


WASHINGTON, DC - The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated 12
counties in New Mexico as primary natural disaster areas due to damages and
losses caused by the recent drought. The counties are: Bernalillo, Grant, Luna,
Sierra, Catron, Hidalgo, Otero, Socorro, Doca Ana, Lincoln, Sandoval and
Valencia.

"Our hearts go out to those New Mexico farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.

"President Obama and I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a
bright spot in our nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's
farmers, ranchers, and rural communities through these difficult times. We're
also telling New Mexico producers that USDA stands with you and your communities
when severe weather and natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in New Mexico also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous.

Those counties are: Chaves, Eddy, McKinley, Santa Fe, Cibola, Guadalupe, Rio
Arriba, Torrance, De Baca, Los Alamos and San Juan.

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Arizona and Texas also qualify
for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are: Arizona, Apache, Cochise and Greenlee; and in Texas, Culberson, El
Paso and Hudspeth.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Feb. 27, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met.

Farmers USDA Farm Service Agency in eligible counties have eight months from the
date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual
losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into
account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has
a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.125 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.

Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs. Additional information is
also available online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

Secretary Vilsack also reminds producers that Congress has not funded the five
disaster assistance programs authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill.

These are SURE; the Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP); the Emergency Assistance
for Livestock, Honey Bees, and Farm-Raised Fish (ELAP); the Livestock Forage
Disaster Program (LFP); and the Tree Assistance Program (TAP). Production losses
due to disasters occurring after Sept. 30, 2011, are not eligible for disaster
program coverage.

FSA news releases are available on FSA's website at www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: USDA Designates Jerome County in Idaho as a Primary Natural Disaster Area

LENGTH: 704  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated Jerome County in Idaho as a
primary natural disaster area due to damage and losses caused by the recent
drought.


"Our hearts go out to those Idaho farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Idaho
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Idaho also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those counties are:


Cassia

Gooding

Lincoln

Minidoka
Twin Falls


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Aug. 28, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs. Additional information is
also available online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.50 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012 and again in 2013.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                      July 14, 2015 Tuesday 12:16 PM  EST

TEXAS FARMERS AND RANCHERS HAVE OPTIONS FOR DISASTER ASSISTANCE

LENGTH: 542 words


AUSTIN, Texas, July 14 -- The U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Federal
Emergency Management Agency issued the following press release:

When disasters such as the May 4 through June 19 storms and floods strike,
farmers and ranchers have options for help.

Farmers and ranchers affected by the May 4 to June 19 storms, tornadoes,
straight-line winds may be eligible for assistance from several agencies and
should apply today.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) may assist survivors who are
farmers and ranchers with some immediate needs including:

* Grants to pay for temporary housing and minor home repairs,

* Grants to replace personal property, including clothing,

* Grants to pay for serious immediate needs not covered by insurance.

The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) may offer low-interest loans to
farmers and ranchers to rebuild or repair their primary home and replace lost or
damaged personal property.

* To begin the application process, call FEMA at 800-621-FEMA (3362), TTY
800-462-7585, or for those who use 711 or Video Relay Services (VRS), call
800-621-3362. Survivors may also apply online at www.DisasterAssistance.gov

Other programs through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Texas Farm Service
Agency (FSA) include:

Emergency loans may be used to:

* Restore or replace essential property,Pay all or part of production costs
associated with the disaster year,

* Pay essential family living expenses,

* Reorganize the farming operation, and

* Refinance certain debts, excluding real estate.

* Provide loan applicants up to 100 percent of their total actual production
and/or physical losses. Production losses must not exceed 30 percent. The
maximum loan is $500,000.

* Non-Insured Crop Disaster Assistance Program provides financial assistance for
non-insurable crops when low yields, loss of inventory, or prevented planting
occur due to natural disasters, including grass for grazing. Eligible producers
must have purchased coverage for 2015.

* Livestock Indemnity Program with payments to eligible producers for livestock
death losses in excess of normal mortality due to the disaster,

* Tree Assistance Program for nursery tree growers, vineyards and orchardists.

* Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees and Farm-Raised Fish Program
that provides emergency relief for feed losses (including lost grazing days and
baled forage) and/or water shortages, due to a disaster.

* Emergency Conservation Program that provides emergency funding to rehabilitate
land severely damaged by a natural disaster, including fencing.

Texas leads the nation in the number of farms and ranches with 248,800 farms and
ranches covering more than 130 million acres. The economic impact of food and
fiber grown in Texas amounts to more than $100 billion per year.

To date, the FSA has identified dozens of disaster counties and contiguous
counties where farmers and ranchers are eligible for FSA emergency loans. To get
more information on FSA services, go online to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture website at: www.fsa.usda.gov.

To locate your nearest FSA County office, visit: http://offices.usda.gov. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Massachusetts launches $1 million loan fund to help farmers affected by drought

BYLINE: By Katie Lannan State House News Service

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 419 words


BOSTON &GT;&GT; Up to $1 million in micro-loans will now be available to
Massachusetts farmers struggling under the impacts of a widespread and historic
drought.

The launch of the Drought Emergency Loan Fund, announced Wednesday, is one of a
series of steps Gov. Charlie Baker and his administration are taking in response
to five months of abnormally dry weather.

Comparing it to a similar effort that made loans available to assist businesses
after record snowfall in 2015, Baker said in a statement that the fund "will
provide affordable working capital to small businesses grappling with the
aftermath of extreme weather."

Massachusetts has been under its own official drought declaration since July 1
and the arid conditions have been blamed for contributing to wild fires, an
outbreak of gypsy moths, higher rates of ant infestation, smaller than usual
apples, loss of crops, and an elevated population of mosquitoes carrying West
Nile virus.

Loan amounts range from $5,000 to $10,000 and are available to
Massachusetts-based family farms and "farm related businesses," according to the
application. Businesses "involved in real estate investment, multi-level
marketing, adult entertainment or firearms" are ineligible.

The new drought loan program is anticipated to run through November. The
Massachusetts Growth Capital Corporation will be responsible for funding the
loan, managing the loan portfolio and collecting interest and principal
payments.

State officials first announced plans to create an emergency loan fund at an
Aug. 18 press conference at North Andover's Smolak Farms, where owner Michael
Smolak said his strawberry plants and Christmas tree seedlings were suffering
under the dry conditions.

Smolak said this year's drought was "as bad as I've ever seen it, and I was born
in 1952, so I've been around for a few years."

As of Aug. 19, Massachusetts farmers had lost nearly $14 million in crops due to
the drought. The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency's state
emergency board has submitted a request for disaster declaration for some
Massachusetts counties, which would make federal assistance available.

Farmers in Essex, Franklin, Middlesex and Worcester counties qualify for federal
aid by virtue of a USDA disaster declaration in the New Hampshire counties they
border.

The Massachusetts Drought Management Task Force meets Thursday morning and plans
to get updates on conditions around the state and consider changing the drought
level classification for some parts of the state.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Walsh County Press (Park River, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 23, 2011

Farmers now eligible for Disaster Emergency Loans

BYLINE: Walsh County Press staff

LENGTH: 257  words


PARK RIVER. N.D. Farmers in Walsh County who suffered physical and production
losses because of the combined effects of spring snowstorms, frosts and freezes
in late spring and late fall, excessive rain, flooding, ground saturation,
landslides, high winds, hail, tornadoes, periods of unseasonably cool spring
temperatures, excessive summer heat and weather-related insects and diseases
that occurred January 1, 2011, and continuing may now apply for Farm Service
Agency Emergency Loans, Farm Loan Manager Donald Tongen said today.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months. For Walsh County
fanners, this means the deadline for applications to be filed is June 25, 2012.

Although the authority for Emergency Loan processing has been given, all
potential EM loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete
an application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual physical and production losses, disaster
payments, to crop insurance benefits; and to any other crop production
compensation is available and can be documented.

Tongen said farmers who suffered a qualifying production loss of at least 30%
from normal and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for reduced
interest loans to cover up to 100% of their losses. The loans cany a 3.75
percent interest rate. To qualify for physical losses, there does not have to be
a qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA County
Office at Park River, ND.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAL

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 Walsh County Press


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Lebanon Reporter (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 28, 2011 Friday

Farmers may ask for emergency loans

BYLINE: Rod Rose, The Lebanon Reporter, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 288 words


Jan. 28--BOONE COUNTY -- An exceptionally dry summer means farmers in Boone
County may apply for natural disaster assistance from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

The USDA listed 52 Indiana counties as "primary natural disaster areas," said
spokeswoman Tanya Brown.

One of those counties is Hendricks; because Boone is adjacent to Hendricks,
farmers here may also ask for emergency help.

A drought from Aug. 1 through Dec. 31 crisped crops and cracked fields
throughout the state, with pasture and forage crops sustaining exceptional
damage.

All qualified farm operators may apply for low interest emergency loans from the
USDA's Farm Service Agency; farmers must meet eligibility requirements.

The FSA will rank each application on individual merits.

By early October, the National Weather Service said nearly half of Indiana was
suffering from severe or moderate drought. The worst conditions were in the
southeast, with moderate drought from Indianapolis north to Muncie, and
"abnormally dry" conditions from Muncie to Michigan.

In mid-September, the Boone County Commissioners issued a ban on all outside
fires because of the dangerously dry conditions, both in farm fields and in
urban areas. The restrictions weren't lifted until Nov. 19.

For information about applying for the loans, and other FSA programs that help
farmers rebound from economic hardship, visit http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

To see more of The Lebanon Reporter or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.reporter.net. Copyright (c) 2011, The Lebanon Reporter, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110128-IL-Farmers-may-ask-for-emergency-loans-0128-20110128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IL


                      Copyright 2011 The Lebanon Reporter


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Billings County Pioneer (Medora, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 16, 2012

Farmers eligible for USDA disaster loans

BYLINE: The Billings County Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 280  words


Farmers in Billings County who suffered physical and production losses because
of combined effects of spring snowstorms, frosts and freezes in late spring and
early fall, excessive rain, flooding, ground saturation, landslides, high wind,
hail, periods of unseasonably cool spring temperatures, excessive summer heat,
and weather-related insects and diseases that occurred Jan. 1, 2011, and
continuing many now apply for Farm Service Agency Emergency Loans, Farm Loan
Manager Wanda Hoherz said.

Billings County is eligible to make emergency loans because it is bordering a
county in North Dakota that was designated a major disaster area.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months. For Billings County
farmers, this means the deadline for applications to be filed is Sept. 12,2012.

Although the authority for emergency loan processing has been given, all
potential loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete an
application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual losses and production losses, disaster payments,
to crop insurance benefits, and to any other crop production compensation, is
available and can be documented.

Hoherz said farmers who suffered a qualifying production loss of at least 30
percent from normal and are unable to get credit elsewhere may apply for reduced
interest loans to cover up to 100 percent of their losses. The loans carry a
3.75 percent interest rate. To qualify for physical losses, there does not have
to be a qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA County
Office at 2493 4th Ave. West, Room A, Dickinso

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BIL

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2012 The Billings County Pioneer


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tyler Morning Telegraph (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             October 9, 2015 Friday

Federal loans available for farmers affected by drought

BYLINE: Cory Mccoy, Tyler Morning Telegraph, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 288 words


Oct. 09--Relief is being made available for drought-stricken farmers in three
East Texas counties.

The United States Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for
emergency farm loans for damages and losses caused by drought occurring through
Sept. 22 and continuing. The applications are being accepted at the Farm Service
Agency, 4209 Republic Dr.

Residents of Rusk, Smith and Upshur counties are eligible to apply. According to
the news release, farmers may be eligible for loans of up to 100 percent of
their actual losses or the operating loan needed to continue the agricultural
business, whichever is less. For farmers unable to obtain credit from private
commercial lenders, the interest rate is 3.625.

"As a general rule, a farmer must have suffered at least a 30 percent loss of
crop production or suffered any physical loss to be eligible for an FSA
emergency loan under the disaster designation," Smith County Farm Loan Manager
Joseph Grier said.

Producers participating in the Federal Crop Insurance Program will have to
consider proceeds from those programs in determining their production loss.
Additionally, any insurance proceeds received by producers as a result of the
physical loss must be considered in determining their total loss.

"Applications for loans under this emergency designation will be accepted until
May 31, but farmers should apply as soon as possible. Delays in applying could
create backlogs in processing, with possible delays into the new farming
seasons," Grier said.

For more information, call 903-561-2050.

TWITTER: @TMT_Cory

___ (c)2015 Tyler Morning Telegraph (Tyler, Texas) Visit Tyler Morning Telegraph
(Tyler, Texas) at www.tylerpaper.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151009-TY-Federal-loans
-available-for-farmers-affected-by-drought-20151009

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TY


                     Copyright 2015 Tyler Morning Telegraph


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Colusa County Sun-Herald (Colousa, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday

Help is on its way for drought-hit farmers

BYLINE: Brian Pearson, Colusa County Sun-Herald, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 399 words


Feb. 04--Colusa farmers facing disaster in the face of a devastating drought
just got a little help.

On January 22, the United States Department of Agriculture designated 26
California counties, including Colusa, as primary disaster areas due to the
recent drought. Farm operators that meet requirements will be eligible for
low-interest emergency loans from the USDA's Farm Service Agency.

"For growers to weather this year, it's going to be tough," said Colusa County
Supervisor Denise Carter. "Based just on what you hear, everybody is going to be
fallowing. There are still a lot of costs you are going to have when you are
farming, even if you are fallowing."

Farmers have until Sept. 22 date of designation to apply for an FSA emergency
loan, which allows them to borrow up to 100 percent of actual production or
physical losses up to $500,000. Loans for crop, livestock, and non-real estate
losses are normally repaid within one to seven years, with a term of 20 years
allowed under special circumstances.

The loans can be used to restore or replace essential property, to pay all or
part of production costs associated with the disaster year, to pay essential
family living expenses, to reorganize farming operations and to refinance
certain debts.

To qualify, an applicant must own or operate land located in a county designated
a primary disaster area. Applicants must be established family farm operators
who have sufficient farming or ranching experience and are citizens or permanent
residents of the U.S. Producers seeking an emergency loan must have suffered at
least a 30 percent loss in crop production or a physical loss to livestock,
livestock products, real estate or chattel property in the disaster year.

The Farm Service Agency's loan requirements also stipulate that borrowers must
keep acceptable farm records and operate in accordance with a farm plan they
develop and agree to with local FSA staff. They may also be required to
participate in a financial management training program and to obtain crop
insurance.

"I don't know how many people are going to apply for it, but at least it is
something in the way of assistance. It's a loan -- nothing is being given away,"
said Carter.

-- Brian Pearson

___ (c)2014 the Colusa County Sun-Herald (Colusa, Calif.) Visit the Colusa
County Sun-Herald (Colusa, Calif.) at www.colusa-sun-herald.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140204-YE-Help-is-on-its-way-for-drought-hit-farmers-0204-20140204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YE


                    Copyright 2014 Colusa County Sun-Herald


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                            March 15, 2007 Thursday

Marin farmers qualify for emergency loans

BYLINE: Rob Rogers

SECTION: MARIN; News

LENGTH: 328 words


Low-interest emergency loans are available for Marin's farmers, thanks to U.S.
Secretary of Agriculture Mike Johanns' designation of the county as a disaster
area following the freezing temperatures of Jan. 11 to 17.

But federal officials say it's unlikely that many of Marin's ranchers, even
those forced to purchase additional feed when the cold froze their pastures,
will take advantage of the loans.

"Farmers must have suffered at least a 30 percent crop loss in order to qualify,
and typically those farmers are looking for money that doesn't have to be
repaid," said Erica Szlosek, a spokesman for the federal Farm Services Agency.
"Often, a loan isn't something they want to get into. In the last fiscal year,
only 724 farmers took advantage of the emergency loans in the entire nation."

Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger asked the federal government on Feb. 2 to declare
Marin and 30 other California counties disaster areas following an estimated
$1.14 billion in crop losses, including about $1.5 million in Marin.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture listed Marin as one of five primary disaster
areas on Feb. 27. Farms in Napa and Sonoma are also eligible for emergency loans
because of their proximity to Marin.

Marin Agricultural Commissioner Stacy Carlsen said he did not know of any county
farmers who had taken advantage of the loans since they became available March
8, but said some might do so as news of their availability spread.

"This is a standard response to the declaration of a disaster," Carlsen said.
"Farmers have to leverage the loans off their farm assets.

"There hasn't been much information about them so far, but as more people know
abut them, they can decide whether they want to get the loans or not."

Congress is considering disaster assistance for the nation's farmers who lost
crops in 2007, Szlosek said.

"It's still being discussed in Congress, and it looks like it will pass,"
Szlosek said.

Contact Rob Rogers via e-mail at rrogers@marinij.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2007 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              July 14, 2013 Sunday

agriculture briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 678 words


Some Wisconsin farmers eligible for emergency loans

Wisconsin farmers in Crawford and Grant counties qualify for emergency loans due
to damage and losses caused by severe storm, tornadoes and flooding that
occurred between May 19 and June 14.

The counties have the opportunity to access low-interest emergency loans through
the Farm Service Agency. The deadline to file for a disaster loan is March 3,
2014.

Actual loss loans for producers' losses will be based on the disaster year
production compared to the previous three-year production history. The actual
loss loans for physical damages to property destroyed or damaged will be based
upon the allowable cost associated with repairing or replacing the property
destroyed or damaged.

In addition, the damaged or destroyed property must be essential to the
continuation of the operation. Interest rates for actual loss loans that do not
exceed $500,000 will be 2.25 percent.

Producers who think they have sustained a qualifying loss and are interested in
more information may contact their local county Farm Service Agency office
located in federal Department of Agriculture Service Centers throughout
Wisconsin.

Pasture walk scheduled

west of McGregor this week

McGREGOR, Iowa - A Wednesday, July 17, pasture walk west of McGregor will focus
on a new watering system for grazing, which is a key topic for many dairy and
beef producers.

The walk will be held from 1 to

3 p.m., at the Phil and Sharon Specht Pearlmaker Farm. Pearlmaker Farm features
a grass-based dairy with 120 cows on the 490-acre farm, which has 265 crop
acres, 70 acres of pasture and the rest in woodlands. The Spechts have used
rotational grazing since 1974. Visitors will learn more about the Spechts'
watering system for intensive grazing.

Directions: Take U.S. 18 east past Giard and turn left onto Iris Avenue. Go 3.6
miles and turn right onto Pleasant Ridge Road (Clayton County B45). The farm
will be on the right after about 1.2 miles.

Pasture walks are organized by area graziers (Northeast Iowa Graziers) and
supported by Iowa State University Extension and the federal Natural Resource
Conservation Service.

Iowa loan fund aids conservation efforts

The Iowa Department of Agriculture has $865,000 available through a no-interest
revolving loan fund to help farmers install conservation practices.

The funding is available through all local Soil and Water Conservation District
Offices, which are located with the federal agriculture department offices in
each county. Loans made under the program can be used to fund conservation
practices that protect soil and water resources. Examples include terraces,
water and sediment control basins, grade stabilization structures and waterways.

In response to requests from farmers, the maximum no-interest loan available has
been increased to $20,000 with a 10-year term. Loan funds also can now be used
in conjunction with other programs, including Resource Enhancement and
Protection and cost share assistance.

Applications will be accepted and funded on a first-come, first-served basis
through Dec. 1.

Monticello program to focus on dairy-steer feeding

MONTICELLO, Iowa -Differences in feeding dairy steers will be the focus of an
Iowa State University Extension program from 9:15 a.m.-3 p.m., Tuesday, Aug. 6,
at the Jones County Extension Office in Monticello.

The Jan. 1 federal cattle inventory report showed only 89.3 million cattle and
calves in the U.S., down 1.6 percent from 2012, and the smallest since 1952. To
compensate for fewer calves available to feed, cattlemen are feeding cattle to
heavier weights to attempt to maintain beef production, and are utilizing
growth-promoting technologies to increase the red meat production potential.
Some cattle feeders are looking for dairy calves to keep their yards full.

The program will feature speakers who will present current research findings,
record analysis and performance data.

Registration is $20, which covers lunch and materials, and is requested by Aug.
2. To register, call the Benton County Extension office at 319-472-4739.

Telegraph Herald

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Dickey County Leader (Ellendale, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 20, 2011

Dickey, LaMoure and Sargent County Farmers Now Eligible for USDA Disaster
Emergency Loans

BYLINE: The Dickey County Leader staff

LENGTH: 256  words


Farmers in Dickey, LaMoure and Sargent Counties who suffered physical and
production losses due to combine effects of excessive snow, frost, freezes,
excessive rain, flooding, flash flooding, high winds, hail, lighting, tornadoes,
periods of abnormally dry weather and moderate drought, weather-related insects
and diseases, and ground saturation that occurred January 1, 2010 and continuing
may now apply for Farm Service Agency Emergency Loans, Farm Loan Manager Loren
L. Drege said today.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months, For Dickey, LaMoure
and Sargent County Farmers, this means the deadline for applications to be filed
is August 29, 2011.

Although the authority for Emergency Loan processing has been given, all
potential EM loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete
an application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual physical and production losses, disaster
payments, to crop insurance benefits and to any other crop production
compensation, is available and can be documented.

Drege said formers who suffered a qualifying production loss of at least 30%
from normal and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for reduced
interest loans to cover up to 100% of their losses. The loans carry a 3.75%
interest rate. To qualify for physical losses, there does not have to be a
qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistanqe at the FSA Office
at 211 South Main Street in LaMoure, ND.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DIC

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2011 The Dickey County Leader


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 20, 2007 Friday

Feds offering loans to farmers

BYLINE: Kyle Buis, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 300 words


Jul. 20--Sutter County farmers can get a helping hand from Uncle Sam to make up
for last winter's drought.

Sutter County was one of six counties named by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture this week to be eligible for federal emergency farm loans. Butte,
Colusa, Glenn, Lake and Yolo counties were also deemed eligible.

The loans come after Secretary of Agriculture Mike Johanns designated the
drought from Dec. 2, 2006, to March 31 as an emergency for California. Farmers
can get up to $500,000 to cover losses.

In order to qualify for a loan, farmers must have suffered a 30 percent loss of
normal production from the drought and not be able to get credit elsewhere.

Applicants must also have multi-peril crop insurance, the minimum catastrophe
coverage.

Farm Loan Manager Ehab Elliessy of the Sutter County USDA office said farmers
should be aware that this is an emergency loan and should be used responsibly.
They should pursue all other options first.

"We're not in competition with private lenders," Elliessy said. "They need to
use us as a last resort."

Farmers can pick up an application from the Sutter County Farm Service Agency,
1511 Butte House Road, Suite B, Yuba City.

Applications must be filed before Feb. 26, 2008.

Any questions about the program can be directed to Elliessy at 671-0850, ext.
108.

Kyle Buis can be reached at 741-2400 or kbuis@appealdemocrat.com

To see more of the Appeal-Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.appeal-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070720-MY-Feds-offering-loans-to-farmers-0720

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MY


                         Copyright 2007 Appeal-Democrat


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Iowa Senate Stops Short of Call For Moratorium on Farm Loans

                            January 21, 1985, Monday

By ANDREA BENNETT

DATELINE: CHICAGO


The threat of a debt moratorium on farm loans in Iowa may have waned in the past
two days.

Iowa's Senate overwhelmingly passed a resolution on Thursday calling on Gov.
Terry Branstad to ''address the state of economic emergency brought on by this
agricultural depression'' but stopped short of calling for a moratorium.

Iowa law permits the governor to declare a state of economic emergency,
triggering into effect a debt moratorium on real estate mortgages. Some farm
groups have been pushing for such a move. Gov. Branstad has asked a group of
bankers and economists to study the issue.

''He has been opposed to [a moratorium] in the past couple of years,'' said
Susan Neely, press secretary to Gov. Branstad. But she also said there has been
''a lot of impetus'' for declaring an economic emergency and that Gov. Branstad
will ''at least keep an open mind.''

Iowa bankers oppose such a debt moratorium, saying it would worsen conditions
and make it more difficult for farmers to get loans from bankers unwilling to
extend credit.

''We're for calling attention to the problem but are against a moratorium,''
said Wes Ehrecke, the Iowa Bankers Association's government relations director.

Ms. Neely said a debt moratorium might ''not be that meaningful'' because it
would only cover state lending institutions. In addition, because the law
imposes a debt moratorium on all real estate loans and not just on farm
mortgages, its ramifications are unclear, she said.

Not all farm groups favor a moratorium. Jerry Downin, director of legislative
activities at the Iowa Farm Bureau Federation, said, ''We also oppose
moratoriums'' because their economic effects are uncertain.

The resolution the Iowa Senate passed by a 46-3 vote said the state was
experiencing an economic emergency and asked for congressional hearings on the
crisis. The resolution also called for the governor to ''use the powers of the
executive branch'' to address the emergency.

But a last-minute addition tacked onto the end of the resolution said its
passage ''shall not trigger the provisions of'' Iowa law that would allow a debt
moratorium.

The resolution was then sent to the Iowa House of Representatives, where it is
expected to be considered today.

SECTION: AGRICULTURAL LENDING; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 375 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                              Worcester TG Edition

State launches $1M loan fund to aid drought-stricken farmers

BYLINE: State House News Service

SECTION: NEWS; 6

LENGTH: 418 words


BOSTON -- Up to $1 million in micro-loans will now be available to Massachusetts
farmers struggling under the impacts of a widespread and historic drought.

The launch of the Drought Emergency Loan Fund, announced Wednesday, is one of a
series of steps Gov. Charlie Baker and his administration are taking in response
to five months of abnormally dry weather.

Comparing it to a similar effort that made loans available to assist businesses
after record snowfall in 2015, Baker said in a statement that the fund "will
provide affordable working capital to small businesses grappling with the
aftermath of extreme weather."

Massachusetts has been under its own official drought declaration since July 1,
and the arid conditions have been blamed for contributing to wildfires, an
outbreak of gypsy moths, higher rates of ant infestation, smaller than usual
apples, loss of crops, and an elevated population of mosquitoes carrying West
Nile virus.

Loan amounts range from $5,000 to $10,000 and are available to
Massachusetts-based family farms and "farm related businesses," according to the
application. Businesses "involved in real estate investment, multi-level
marketing, adult entertainment or firearms" are ineligible.

The new drought loan program is anticipated to run through November. The
Massachusetts Growth Capital Corporation will be responsible for funding the
loan, managing the loan portfolio and collecting interest and principal
payments.

State officials first announced plans to create an emergency loan fund at an
Aug. 18 press conference at North Andover's Smolak Farms, where owner Michael
Smolak said his strawberry plants and Christmas tree seedlings were suffering
under the dry conditions.

Smolak said this year's drought was "as bad as I've ever seen it, and I was born
in 1952, so I've been around for a few years."

As of Aug. 19, Massachusetts farmers had lost nearly $14 million in crops due to
the drought. The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency's state
emergency board has submitted a request for disaster declaration for some
Massachusetts counties, which would make federal assistance available.

Farmers in Essex, Franklin, Middlesex and Worcester counties qualify for federal
aid by virtue of a USDA disaster declaration in the New Hampshire counties they
border.

The Massachusetts Drought Management Task Force meets Thursday morning and plans
to get updates on conditions around the state and consider changing the drought
level classification for some parts of the state.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Brown Announces USDA Agricultural Disaster Designation Status for Three
Northwest Ohio Counties

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Sherrod Brown, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-OH) today announced that the United States Department
of Agriculture (USDA) has designated Fulton, Lucas, and Williams Counties as
natural disaster areas after they experienced freezing weather conditions
between January 1, 2014 and May 17, 2014. With this disaster designation,
agricultural producers in these counties are eligible to be considered for
assistance from the Farm Service Agency (FSA), including emergency loans.
Eligible farmers have eight months from the date of the official disaster
declaration to apply for emergency loans and can receive guidance in applying
for these loans from their local FSA office.

"Ohio producers whose livelihoods are threatened by no fault of their own rely
on the Farm Service Agency's emergency loan program to manage risk on their
farms and continue to provide a reliable food supply for Ohio and the world,"
said Brown. "This federal assistance will help producers in Fulton, Lucas, and
Williams Counties rebuild and get back on their feet."

Brown is the first Ohioan to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in more
than 40 years. In 2014, he was part of the Senate Farm Bill Conference Committee
that successfully negotiated a five-year farm bill that had been stalled for
more than three years.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Dickey County Leader (Ellendale, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 24, 2011

Dickey, LaMoure, Ransom & Sargent counties now eligible for USDA Disaster
Emergency loans

BYLINE: The Dickey County Leader staff

LENGTH: 272  words


Farmers in Dickey, LaMoure, Ransom and Sargent Counties who suffered physical
and production losses due to combined effects of spring snowstorms, frosts and
freezes in late spring and early fall, excessive rain, flooding, ground
saturation, landslides, high winds, hail, tornadoes, periods of unseasonable
cool spring temperatures, excessive summer heat, and weather related insects
that occurred January 1, 2011, and continuing may now apply for Farm Service
Agency Emergency Loans, Farm Loan Manager Loren L. Drege said today.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months. For Dickey, LaMoure,
Ransom and Sargent County farmers, this means the deadline for applications to
be filed is June 25, 2012.

Although the authority for Emergency Loan processing has been given, all
potential EM loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete
an application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual physical losses and production losses, disaster
payments, to crop insurance benefits, and to any other crop production
compensation, is available and can be documented.

Drege said farmers who suffered a qualifying production loss of at least 30%
from normal and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for reduced
interest loans to cover up to 100% of their losses. The loans carry a 3.75
percent interest rate. To qualify for physical losses, there does not have to be
a qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FS A County
Office at 211 South Main, LaMoure, ND 58458 or call (701) 883-5268 Option4 for

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DIC

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2011 The Dickey County Leader


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Oakes Times (North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 24, 2011

Dickey, LaMoure, Ransom & Sargent County farmers are now eligible for USDA
disaster emergency loans

BYLINE: The Oakes Times staff

LENGTH: 275  words


Farmers in Dickey, LaMoure, Ransom and Sargent Counties who suffered physical
and production losses due to combined effects of spring snowstorms, frosts and
freezes in late spring and early fall, excessive rain, flooding, ground
saturation, landslides, high winds, hail, tornadoes, periods of unseasonable
cool spring temperatures, excessive summer heat, and weather related insects
that occurred January 1, 2011, and continuing may now apply for Farm Service
Agency Emergency Loans, Farm Loan Manager Loren L. Drege said today.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months. For Dickey, LaMoure,
Ransom and Sargent County farmers, this means the deadline for applications to
be filed is June 25, 2012.

Although the authority for Emergency Loan processing has been given, all
potential EM loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete
an application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual physical losses and production losses, disaster
payments, to crop insurance benefits, and to any other crop production
compensation, is available and can be documented.

Drege said farmers who suffered a qualifying production loss of at least 30%
from normal and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for reduced
interest loans to cover up to 100% of their losses. The loans carry a 3.75
percent interest rate. To qualify for physical losses, there does not have to be
a qualifying loss amount.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA County
Office at 211 South Main, LaMoure, N.D. 58458 or call (701) 883-5268 Option 4
for more information.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OAK

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2011 Oakes Times


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Reagan Farm Bill Offers Fiscal Austerity With a Reduced Role for Government;
 Proposal Charts Market-Oriented Route and a Shift to Guaranteed Lending

                           February 25, 1985, Monday

By BARTLETT NAYLOR and JAY ROSENSTEIN

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


As Congress knocked heads with the White House over emergency farm credit
measures Friday, the Reagan administration unveiled its farm bill, a long-term
proposal designed to reduce government involvement in the agriculture sector.

Fiscal austerity is the thrust of what President Reagan calls the Agriculture
Adjustment Act of 1985.

The proposed act differs starkly from the administration's short-term plan to
relax credit terms for farmers, which the White House presented Friday under
Senate pressure.

''We have been saddled far too long with brushfire-mentality farm policies which
attempt to deal with short-term problems without providing effective long-term
solutions,'' Agriculture Secretary John Block said in announcing the farm bill.

The proposal charts a market-oriented route for agriculture, Mr. Block said.

The bill would shift all Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) loans for new
borrowers from direct, to guaranteed, lending, beginning in October. Existing
direct operating loans would be phased out by the end of the decade.

In addition, so-called multiperil, all-risk crop insurance would substitute for
the FmHA emergency lending program.

The farm credit community has reacted skeptically to the proposal.

Representatives of the American Bankers Association (ABA), the industry's
largest trade group, welcomed the ''market orientation approach,'' provided ''it
is introduced gradually.''

Neal Conover, chairman of the First National Bank of Creston in Iowa, said: ''In
concept, we support what the government is doing in establishing a market
orientation, but there are too many changes in agriculture today without changes
in the law.''

Thomas Olson, president of Lisco State Bank in Nebraska, said he ''concurred''
with replacing the direct loan program with simple guarantees.

Meanwhile, efforts to generate quick credit in time for spring planting have
been of far more importance to the banking industry.

The ABA, for example, has just released a survey showing that 14% of banks'
agricultural customers will not be eligible to receive operating credit for the
coming season.

In addition, the survey shows it will take three to four months just to process
applications and win approvals for FmHA loans.

Relaxation of Credit Rules Sought

Among the proposals in the emergency plan being worked out between the White
House and the Senate is a relaxation of credit rules.

Specifically, a farm family's income would only have to match expenses in order
to qualify it for a federally guaranteed loan. Under current rules, income must
be 110% of anticipated expenses.

The level of guarantees is also expected to be greatly expanded, from the
present $650 million to $1.6 billion, or even $3.6 billion.

But there is also a provision requiring bankers to forgive 10% of the interest
or principal owed by a farmer, in exchange for the federal guarantee.

That provision is a source of frustration in the banking community. Lisco
State's Mr. Olson said bankers will be ''unwilling'' to ''use the forgiveness in
exchange for a writedown.''

''Quite frankly,'' he added, the emergency measures ''aren't going to make for a
much large utilization of the guaranteed loan program.'' Lisco State is a small
bank with 90% of its $8 million in loans in the farm sector.

Mr. Conover of the Creston Bank agreed with the ABA survey. ''Farmer's Home
offices that would process new loan offices are already swamped,'' he said.
''They may be unable to handle the onslaught of business.''

Mr. Conover's bank has a $30 million loan portfolio, half of which is in the
farm sector.

The Agriculture Adjustment Act is intended to replace a current law governing
allocation of federal credit, many provisions of which expire this October. If
no legislation is approved, though, price- and income-support programs will
remain in place.

The cost of the Reagan plan is half that of current agriculture supports,
according to Department of Agriculture officials.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 665 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 21, 2013 Monday

Some farmers may qualify for emergency government loans

BYLINE: Joyce Lobeck, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 687 words


Jan. 21--Farmers in 12 Arizona counties, including Yuma, may qualify for
emergency government loans after the U.S. Department of Agriculture declared the
central part of the state a natural disaster area due to a lingering drought.

The government declared Apache, Maricopa, Navajo and Pinal counties natural
disaster areas last week due to a severe to extreme drought for more than eight
weeks. The declaration also was extended to eight surrounding counties that
include Yuma. Other contiguous counties included in the declaration are
Coconino, Gila, Graham, Greenlee, La Paz, Pima and Yavapai.

Farmers in those counties who cannot qualify for commercial loans can now apply
for a low-interest government loan.

The U.S. Drought Monitor says that farms in severe drought areas are likely to
lose crops or areas of pasture, experience water shortage and face more water
restrictions.

That's not likely to be a factor for farmers in Yuma County, though, as they
depend on irrigating their crops with water in the long-term storage system for
the Colorado River, and that source is not facing a possible shortage
declaration at this time.

"The lifeblood for farmers here is the long-term storage along the Colorado
River," said Doug Hendrix, spokesman for the U.S. Department of Reclamation's
Yuma Field Office.

Currently, Lake Meade is 53 percent of capacity while Lake Powell is at 51
percent, he said. System wide, total reservoir storage as of last week was 55
percent of capacity.

Precipitation this winter for sources that recharge the river system has been
below average but has been improving in recent weeks, Hendrix said. He noted
that the Upper Colorado Basin snow pack is currently at 77 percent of average.

"We continue to hope for a wet winter to recharge the system," Hendrix said.
However, he added, the current water level in Lake Meade is well above the level
at which a shortage would be declared.

The irrigation districts in the Yuma area have requested a total of 1.23 million
acre-feet of water for farmers to water their crops, a fairly typical amount, he
said. The amount doesn't include the water that is recaptured by pumping
groundwater.

"It's shaping up to be a fairly normal year, but we do always encourage
conservation," Hendrix said.

Julie Murphree of the Arizona Farm Bureau observed that Arizona has been
experiencing severe drought for 12 to 15 years. She and Robert Piceno, executive
director of the Farm Service Agency in Arizona, said the state's farmers have
learned to adapt.

"A drought in Arizona is like saying there's no rainfall in the Sahara," Piceno
said.

It is unlikely that Arizona farmers will take out emergency loans in the next
few months, he said. Drought is common in Arizona, so farmers cannot continually
pay for loans.

This year's drought already extends to much of the nation. The recent disaster
designation brought the number of U.S. counties severely affected by drought to
597, which is a high number for so early in the year, said Chandler Goule, vice
president of government relations for the National Farmers Union.

"That's a very bad sign that we are about to have another very long, widespread
drought again this year," Goule said.

Last year, the area of the U.S. experiencing moderate to extreme drought peaked
at 61.8 percent, the largest recorded since 1956, according to the National
Climatic Data Center.

Goule echoed Piceno, saying that since drought is happening more often, farmers
cannot afford to keep taking out government loans, despite the low interest
rate.

But low-interest loans are the only tool the government can currently offer
farmers. While portions of the 2008 farm bill were extended until September, the
extension did not include provisions for disaster relief, such as government
payments for farmers with crops damaged during drought, Goule said.

Farmers in disaster areas who do not qualify for a commercial loan have until
Sept. 9 to apply for a federal loan with a 2.25 percent interest rate through
their local Farm Service Agency.

___ (c)2013 The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) Visit The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) at www.yumasun.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130121-YZ-Some-farmers-may-qualify-for-emergency-government-loans
-0121-20130121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2013 The Sun


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday

Weird weather leads to federal natural disaster declaration

BYLINE: The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 414 words


Aug. 20--WASHINGTON -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated eight
counties in New Hampshire as primary natural disaster areas due to losses caused
by both freeze and unseasonably warm temperatures that occurred between Feb. 1
and April 30.

Farmers in Cheshire, Hillsborough and Sullivan counties, along with Belknap,
Grafton, Merrimack, Strafford and Rockingham counties, will be eligible for
natural disaster assistance in the form of low-interest, emergency loans from
USDA's Farm Service Agency, provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers
in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration to apply
for loans to help cover part of their actual losses. Each application will be
judged on its own merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security
available and repayment ability.

Farmers and ranchers in Carroll and Coos counties in New Hampshire are also
eligible for emergency loans because their counties are contiguous to those
designated, as are their counterparts in Windham and Windsor counties in
Vermont.

All the counties listed were designated natural disaster areas by the federal
department Wednesday.

The Farm Service Agency has a variety of programs, in addition to the emergency
loan program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity. They include the
emergency conservation program; livestock forage disaster program; livestock
indemnity program; emergency assistance for livestock, honeybees and farm-raised
fish; and the tree assistance program. Interested farmers may contact their
local USDA Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements
and application procedures for these and other programs. Additional information
is also available online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

"Our hearts go out to those New Hampshire farmers and ranchers affected by
recent natural disasters," U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in a news
release. "President Obama and I are committed to ensuring that agriculture
remains a bright spot in our nation's economy by sustaining the successes of
America's farmers, ranchers, and rural communities through these difficult
times. We're also telling New Hampshire producers that USDA stands with you and
your communities when severe weather and natural disasters threaten to disrupt
your livelihood."

___ (c)2016 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160820-KN-Weird-weather-leads-to-federal-natural-disaster-declaration-0820-201
60820

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2016 The Keene Sentinel


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal

                           October 8, 2005, Saturday

Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, business briefs column

LENGTH: 514 words



EMERGENCY LOANS AVAILABLE FOR KATRINA FARM LOSSES: TUPELO -- Farmers, ranchers
and operators who experienced loss due to Hurricane Katrina can apply for
emergency loans from the Farm Service Agency of Lee County, said FSA Farm Loan
manager Harold Mills.

Those qualifying for the loans can borrow up to 100 percent of their actual
production loss or the amount needed to restore their operation to its
pre-disaster condition, whichever is less.

The new emergency loan and outstanding pricincipal balance of any existing
emergency loan owed by the applicant cannot exceed $ 500,000.

Applications will be accepted by the FSA through May 23.


GLOSTER APPLIES FOR GRANT FOR GEORGIA-PACIFIC MILL: GLOSTER -- The town of
Gloster has applied for $ 1.15 million in grants to upgrade operations of the
local Georgia-Pacific plywood mill that opened this week.

The board of aldermen have looked at renovating the GP plant's railline to the
Wilkinson County line and blacktopping roads and parking lots on plant property.

The grants are handled through the Mississippi Development Authority and other
programs.

Alderman Jimmy Brown, who is a GP employee and union official, said the plant
had about 165 employees at work Tuesday, with another 50 to 60 expected to come
aboard this week.


CHEVRON SUBSIDIARY WANTS TO OPERATE LNG TERMINAL: PASCAGOULA -- A Chevron Corp.
subsidiary has filed an application with the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission to build an LNG regasification terminal in Bayou Casotte.

Chevron officials announced the filing Thursday.

The terminal, which is called Casotte Landing, will be built next to Chevron's
Pascagoula refinery's crude oil loading docks. No cost has been given for the
project.

Chevron announced the terminal project in November. Bayou Casotte Energy LLC is
the subsidiary Chevron formed for the project.

Richard Lammons, ventures manager for Chevron Global, the company's natural gas
development division, and vice president of Bayou Casotte Energy, said Thursday
that the application process is expected to take up to 12 months, with
construction projected to begin in 2007.

Terminal operation is expected to begin in 2010.

The LNG supply is expected to come from Chevron's joint ventures in other
countries and other undetermined sources.

When completed, the terminal will have the capacity to handle 1.3 billion cubic
feet of gas per day. The liquefied natural gas will be delivered by ship to the
terminal, which will move it through a process that converts the minus-260
degree liquid to a gas by heating it so it can be sent through pipelines to
other areas for sale.



-----

To see more of Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.djournal.com. Copyright (c) 2005, Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.  GP, CVX,

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: TP-BIZ-BRIEFS-20051008

JOURNAL-CODE: TP

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
               Copyright 2005 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 9, 2012 Sunday

Drought creates need for adjustment to CRP program

BYLINE: The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 365 words


Sept. 09--DES MOINES -- The Farm Service Agency announced more action recently
has been taken to continue to assist farmers that have been impacted by the
drought. Changes include extending emergency grazing of Conservation Reserve
Program acreage deadline to Nov. 30; two additional counties being approved to
implement an Emergency Conservation Program sign-up; haying and grazing of cover
crops; and others.

Producers interested in emergency grazing must remove livestock no later than
Nov. 30. Emergency haying on CRP acres was not extended past Aug. 31.

"Tama and Monroe counties have been added to the five counties that have been
approved to hold a sign-up under ECP," said Farm Service Agency state executive
director John R. Whitaker. "Counties that have previously been approved to hold
a sign-up are: Audubon, Carroll, Crawford, Davis and Wapello."

Under ECP, farmers experiencing severe drought conditions may be eligible for
cost-share assistance, if the damage is so severe that water available for
livestock, orchards and vineyards has been reduced below normal to the extent
that they cannot survive without additional water.

Due to natural disasters throughout Iowa, producers who have suffered major
production and/or physical losses may be eligible for low-interest emergency
loans. Modifications will be made to the emergency loan program allowing loans
for losses to feed and pasture to be made earlier in the season. Producers will
no longer have to wait until the end of the production cycle to obtain a loan.
This change will support producers who currently need assistance to help offset
high production costs.  In addition to emergency loans, FSA has a variety of
other loan programs available to assist producers in returning to normal farming
operations.

Contact your crop insurance agent for more information regarding special
provisions to Risk Management Agency insurance provisions. For more information
on CRP, ECP or the emergency loan program, please contact your local county FSA
office or go on-line to www.fsa.usda.gov.

___ (c)2012 The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa) Visit The Hawk Eye (Burlington,
Iowa) at www.thehawkeye.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120909-QW-Drought-creates-need-for-adjustment-to-CRP-program-0909-20120909

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2012 The Hawk Eye


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

Washington: USDA Designates Hopkins County as a Primary Natural Disaster Area

LENGTH: 299  words

DATELINE: Washington


Farm Service Agency has issued the following news release:

USDA Texas Farm Service Agency (FSA) Executive Director, Judith A. Canales,
announced that Hopkins County was declared a disaster on November 26, 2014, due
to drought using the streamlined Secretarial Disaster Designation process. Under
this designation, producers in any of the primary or contiguous disaster
counties are eligible to apply for low interest emergency loans.


The streamlined disaster designation process issues a drought disaster
declaration when a county has experienced a drought intensity value of at least
a D2 (severe drought) level for eight consecutive weeks based on the U.S.
Drought Monitor during the crop year.


The following five counties were designated as contiguous disaster counties:
Delta, Franklin, Hunt, Rains and Wood.


"The disaster designation is welcome relief to producers because it allows all
qualified operators in primary and contiguous counties to apply for a low
interest emergency (EM) loan," said Canales.


Emergency loans help producers recover from production and physical losses due
to drought, flooding and other natural disasters or quarantine. As a general
rule, a farmer must have suffered at least a 30 percent loss of production to be
eligible for an FSA emergency loan.


Under this designation, emergency loan applications will be accepted through May
11, 2015. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into
account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability.
Producers can borrow up to 100 percent of actual production or physical losses,
to a maximum amount of $500,000. The current emergency loan interest rate is
3.625 percent.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 4, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 5 Counties in California as Primary Natural Disaster Areas

LENGTH: 710  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated five counties in California as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by the recent
drought.


The counties are:
Mariposa

Merced

San Benito

Stanislaus
Tuolumne





"Our hearts go out to those California farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling California
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in California also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Alameda

Calaveras

Madera

Monterey
Alpine

Fresno

Mono

San Joaquin
Santa Cruz

Santa Clara




All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas July 3, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.250 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.



Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: USDA Designates Natural Disaster Areas in 256 Counties in Western and
Southwestern United States Due to Drought, Opening Door to Assistance

LENGTH: 670  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10, 2015 - The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
previously designated natural disaster areas in 256 counties across Arizona,
California, Colorado, Idaho, Kansas, Nevada, Oklahoma, Texas, and Utah due to
drought conditions in 2015. USDA wants to remind producers affected by disaster
that the 2014 Farm Bill, which was signed into law one year ago by President
Obama, has paved the way for qualified farmers and ranchers in affected counties
to apply for a variety of safety net programs and loans.

Farmers and ranchers in designated areas may qualify for low interest emergency
loans through USDA's Farm Service Agency. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. Each loan application is considered on its own
merits and based on the extent of losses, security available and repayment
ability. Visit www.fsa.usda.gov/farmloans to learn more.

In addition to drought, USDA's Farm Service Agency also provides assistance for
natural disaster loses resulting from flood, fire, freeze, tornadoes, pest
infestation, and other calamities. These programs include:

Livestock Indemnity Program, which compensates eligible livestock producers that
have suffered livestock death losses in excess of normal mortality due to
adverse weather. Eligible livestock includes beef cattle, dairy cattle, bison,
poultry, sheep, swine, horses, and other livestock as determined by the
Secretary.
    Livestock Forage Disaster Program compensates eligible livestock producers
that have suffered grazing losses due to drought or fire on publicly managed
land.
    Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honey Bees, & Farm-Raised Fish provides
emergency assistance to eligible producers of livestock, honeybees and farm
-raised fish that have losses due to disease, adverse weather, or other
conditions, such as blizzards and wildfires, as determined by the Secretary of
Agriculture.
    Tree Assistance Program provides financial assistance to qualifying
orchardists and nursery tree growers to replant or rehabilitate eligible trees,
bushes and vines damaged by natural disasters.
    Emergency Conservation Program helps farmers and ranchers to repair damage
to farmlands caused by natural disasters and to help put in place methods for
water conservation during severe drought.
    Emergency Forest Rehabilitation Program helps the owners of non-industrial
private forests restore forest health damaged by natural disasters.

The 2014 Farm Bill also significantly improved the Noninsured Disaster
Assistance Program by giving producers the option to select higher levels of
risk protection for crops and commodities that do not have crop insurance
available. Producers can determine whether Noninsured Disaster Assistance is
available by visiting their local FSA office or using a Web-based tool.

The Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement
each provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief
to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access
to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative
public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made
products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to
help improve quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

To learn more about USDA Farm Service Agency disaster assistance programs, visit
the Farm Service Agency factsheet page at www.fsa.usda.gov/factsheets or contact
your local Farm Service Agency office at http://offices.usda.gov.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 19, 2011 Saturday

BRIEF: FSA emergency loans available for storm, flood loss

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 217 words


Feb. 19--OREGON -- Farm Service Agency emergency loans are available in Ogle
County for losses caused by severe storms and flooding that occurred from April
1, 2010, and after.

The emergency loans are made available under a recent designation by the
secretary of agriculture.

Family farmers unable to obtain credit from conventional sources and sustaining
physical losses or production losses of at least 30 percent may qualify for FSA
emergency loans.

The interest rate is 3.75 percent. The maximum loan amount is $500,000.
Applications for loans must be filed by April 19.

Loan proceeds may be used to restore or replace essential property, pay all or
part of the production costs and/or family living expenses for the disaster year
or to reorganize the farming operation.

Applications are being received in the Ogle County FSA Office at 213 W. Pines
Road, Suite 1W, Oregon, IL 61061.

Additional information is available at the Ogle County FSA office, 815-732-6127.

To see more of The Daily Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.saukvalley.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110219-YG-BRF-FSA-emergency-loans
-available-for-storm-flood-loss-0219-20110219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2011 Daily Gazette


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 6, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 2 Counties in Arizona as Primary Natural Disaster Areas

LENGTH: 693 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated two counties in Arizona as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by the recent
drought.


The counties are:
Santa Cruz, Yuma


"Our hearts go out to those Arizona farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Arizona
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Arizona also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Cochise

La Paz

Maricopa

Pima


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas June 5, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.250 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.



Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 15, 2011 Thursday

Local counties labeled disaster areas

BYLINE: Kelly Byer, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 330 words


Sept. 15--LIMA -- In order for farmers to be eligible for low-interest emergency
loans, the U.S. Department of Agriculture designated nine area counties as
natural disaster areas.

Because of excessive rain, floods, high winds, tornadoes and excessive heat, the
counties of Allen, Hardin, Logan, Mercer, Putnam and Van Wert were listed as
primary disaster areas Sept. 7. Nearby Auglaize, Hancock and Shelby counties
were listed as contiguous disaster areas, according to a U.S. Department of
Agriculture news release.

The designation makes farms in those areas eligible for USDA's Farm Service
Agency loans. USDA spokeswoman Christina Reed said the disaster designations are
the first step enabling Congress to open additional disaster relief after this
year's harvest.

"In the past, typically we haven't had very many farmers come in for an
emergency loan, but what this does is it opens up something down the future,"
Reed said.

The USDA declaring 49 Ohio counties disaster areas is not uncommonly large
either. Reed said these disaster designations occur often.

"We have them throughout the year," she said. "It just depends on the weather."

Interested farmers can contact a local Farm Service Agency to apply for loans or
other emergency assistance programs. The FSA considers the merits of each
application based on the extent of losses, security available and repayment
ability, according to the USDA.

Reed said emergency loans have a borrowing limit of $500,000. Congress has
opened additional disaster assistance programs each of the seven years she's
worked for the USDA.

A number of other USDA programs to assist with losses are also available,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program, Emergency Conservation
Program, Federal Crop Insurance and Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program.

You can comment on this story at www.LimaOhio.com.

___ (c)2011 The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) Visit The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) at
www.limaohio.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110915-LM-Local-counties-labeled-disaster-areas-0915-20110915

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2011 The Lima News


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 6 Counties in California as Primary Natural Disaster Areas
With Assistance to Producers in Oregon

LENGTH: 653  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated six counties in California as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by the recent
drought.


The counties are:


Del Norte

Mendocino

Siskiyou
Humboldt

Shasta

Trinity


"Our hearts go out to those California farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling California
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in California also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Glenn

Lassen

Plumas

Tehama
Lake

Modoc

Sonoma



Oregon
Curry

Jackson

Josephine

Klamath


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Aug. 14, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.50 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012 and again in 2013.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 8, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 2 Counties in Oregon as Primary Natural Disaster Areas
With Assistance to Producers in Idaho

LENGTH: 668  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated two counties in Oregon as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by the recent
drought.


The counties are:


Baker and Grant


"Our hearts go out to those Oregon farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Oregon
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Oregon also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Crook

Malheur

Umatilla

Wallowa
Harney

Morrow

Union

Wheeler


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Idaho also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those counties are:


Idaho
Adams and Washington


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Aug. 7, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.50 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 3, 2015 Thursday

USDA loans available for disaster counties

BYLINE: The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 527 words


Sept. 03--Farmers in Pettis County and 97 other Missouri counties are now
eligible for low-interest emergency loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA)
after the Secretary of Agriculture designated them as primary agricultural
disaster areas.

Ninety-eight counties were designated as primary disaster areas Aug. 26 due to
damages and losses caused by excessive rainfall and flooding which occurred
March 1 and throughout the following months.

According to a USDA news release, the disaster designation makes all qualified
farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low interest emergency (EM)
loans from FSA, provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible
counties have eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans
to help cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan
application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of losses,
security available and repayment ability.

Loans for physical losses must be used to replace or repair damage to buildings,
fences or to compensate the farmer for losses of basic livestock, stored crops,
or supplies on hand, equipment, etc., that was lost due to the disaster. Loans
for production losses may also be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer, livestock
or to make payments on real estate or chattel debts. Generally, loans for
production losses cannot be approved until crops have completed their production
cycle or have been harvested.

In order to qualify, a farmer must have suffered a 30 percent loss of production
or an actual physical loss that was essential to the successful operation of the
farm.

USDA also has made a variety of other programs available to assist farmers in
recovering from the disaster, including the Emergency Conservation Program
(ECP); Federal Crop Insurance; and the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance
Program.

Additional counties include: Adair, Andrew, Atchison, Audrain, Barry, Barton,
Bates, Benton, Bollinger, Boone, Buchanan, Butler, Caldwell, Callaway, Camden,
Cape Girardeau, Carroll, Cass, Cedar, Chariton, Clark, Clay, Clinton, Cole,
Cooper, Crawford, Dade, Dallas, Daviess, DeKalb, Dent, Dunklin, Franklin,
Gasconade, Gentry, Greene, Grundy, Harrison, Henry, Hickory, Holt, Howard,
Jackson, Jasper, Jefferson, Johnson, Knox, Laclede, Lafayette, Lewis, Lincoln,
Linn, Livingston, McDonald, Macon, Maries, Marion, Mercer, Miller, Mississippi,
Moniteau, Monroe, Montgomery, Morgan, New Madrid, Newton, Nodaway, Osage,
Pemiscot, Perry, Phelps, Pike, Platte, Polk, Pulaski, Putnam, Ralls, Randolph,
Ray, Ripley, St. Charles, St. Clair, Ste. Genevieve, St. Francois, St. Louis,
Saline, Schuyler, Scotland, Scott, Shelby, Stoddard, Sullivan, Vernon, Warren,
Wayne, Webster and Worth.

The contiguous counties are: Carter, Christian, Douglas, Iron, Lawrence,
Madison, Oregon, Reynolds, Shannon, Stone, Texas, Washington, Wright and the
City of St. Louis.

For more information, contact the Pettis County FSA office at 660-826-3339 ext.
108 or visit www.fsa.usda.gov.

___ (c)2015 The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Mo.) Visit The Sedalia Democrat
(Sedalia, Mo.) at www.sedaliademocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150903-SX-USDA-loans-available-for-disaster-counties-0903-20150903

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2015 The Sedalia Democrat


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: USDA Designates 5 Counties in Texas as Primary Natural Disaster Areas

LENGTH: 654  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated five counties in Texas as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by the recent
drought.


The counties are:


Cherokee

Rusk

Smith

Van Zandt
Wood





"Our hearts go out to those Texas farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Texas
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Texas also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those counties are:


Anderson

Gregg

Houston

Panola
Angelina

Harrison

Hunt

Rains
Camp

Henderson

Kaufman

Shelby
Franklin

Hopkins

Nacogdoches

Upshur


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Aug. 28, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.50 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012 and again in 2013.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright (c) 1999 Drake University
                       Drake Journal of Agricultural Law

                                  Spring, 1999

                            4 Drake J. Agric. L. 215

LENGTH: 16325 words

ARTICLE: FINANCING THE AGRICULTURAL OPERATION: RECENT DEVELOPMENTS AND CURRENT
TRENDS

NAME: Susan A. Schneider*

BIO:



   * Assistant Professor of Law at the University of Arkansas School of Law in
Fayetteville, Arkansas 72701, (501) 575-4334.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... This Article addresses current agricultural finance and credit issues. ...
A borrower whose loan is denied at one rural bank may have few other alternative
sources of credit. ... One potential source of alternative financing is with a
Farm Credit System (FCS) lender. ...  Although this may be true with regard to
the availability of credit, it may not be true with regard to the willingness of
a lender to restructure or otherwise "work with" a farm borrower experiencing
financial distress. ... Reversing this trend, Title VIII of the Omnibus
Appropriations Bill, entitled Agricultural Credit, makes a number of significant
amendments to current credit laws applicable to the FSA farm loan programs. ...
The new law provides that an emergency loan can be granted to a borrower who has
received "not more than one debt forgiveness" on or before April 4, 1996 and who
has not received debt forgiveness after April 4, 1996. ... Second, because the
product-seller has an independent relationship with the farmer, e.g., through
the sale of agricultural inputs or farm machinery, the seller may use this
relationship to encourage lending. ...

TEXT:
 [*216]

   I. Introduction


   This Article addresses current agricultural finance and credit issues. It is
divided into five sections. The first section discusses the increased importance
of capital to farming operations.  n1 The second section presents an overview of
the current farm finance situation.  n2 The third section introduces the
traditional sources of agricultural lending and provides an update on legal
issues affecting these lenders.  n3 The fourth section presents information on
several increasingly important new sources of agricultural financing,  n4 and
the final section offers some concluding thoughts on the future of farm finance.
n5


   II. Financing the Farm: The Capitalization of American Farming


   As American agriculture has evolved, the need for capital has risen
dramatically. Farmers are no longer simple "tillers of the soil," but must seek
significant amounts of capital to fund their operations. Agricultural economist
Thomas L. Frey and certified commercial lender Robert H. Behrens analyzed the
historical transition of agriculture in terms of three revolutions.  n6 Each
"revolution" has resulted in an agriculture that was more dependent upon capital
resources.


   First, there was the mechanical revolution, when the "four-legged, oat-eating
sources of power" were replaced by the "four-wheeled gas-and diesel-hogging
tractors and self-propelled combines."  n7 Equipment costs increased
dramatically, but so did yields.  n8


   Next, there was the technological revolution, bringing tremendous yield
advancements as a result of new hybrid seed varieties, chemical pest controls,
fertilizers, irrigation, and other technological changes.  n9 Whether a farmer
successfully coped with this revolution depended upon whether he or she was able
to "adopt the proper technologies in the right amounts and at the right time."
n10 Again, although production increased, input costs also increased.  n11

     [*217]

   According to Frey and Behrens, the third revolution reflects the present
time.  n12 Under this revolution, financial and business management
considerations take center stage in determining the success of the farming
operation.  n13 They described this "financial and management era" as one where
"[c]ash budgeting, sophisticated accounting systems, regular monitoring of
financial performance, much greater use of debt, leasing resources, utilization
of sophisticated business organization structures, and [utilizing] never-ending
developments in tax law" are essential elements of farm financial success.  n14
They noted that agricultural lenders in this era would "face a tremendous
challenge in financing an industry that is in transition from just a way of life
to a highly capitalized industry of sophisticated businesses."  n15


   While Frey and Behrens' analysis is a useful way to emphasize the importance
of business decision-making in agricultural operations, it is even more
intriguing when it is noted that this passage was written in 1981-just prior to
the beginning of a severe economic crisis in agriculture that resulted in a
surge of farm foreclosures and that rocked the agricultural lending community.
n16 Many farmers who had sought to embrace the third revolution and incorporated
a much greater use of debt in their operations found themselves going out of
business.  n17


   Thus, the analysis raises two important issues. First, it testifies to the
significance of astute business and management decision making for success in
today's farm operation. Few people, if any, would argue that wise business
decisions are not an essential factor for farm business success in modern
agriculture. Second, however, the Frey & Behrens' analysis also raises the
question that it failed to consider in 1981: when is the greater use of farm
debt and the greater capitalization of the agricultural operation a sign of
looming financial crisis? These two issues form an underlying theme for the more
practical consideration of recent changes in farm finance options.

     [*218]

   III. An Overview of the Current Farm Finance Situation


   According to the Economic Research Service (ERS) of the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA), farm business debt has increased in eight of
the last nine years, including each of the last six years.  n18 The amount of
debt incurred by farmers went up from $ 155.5 billion in 1996 to $ 165.9 billion
in 1997; by the end of 1998, farm business debt is expected to total
approximately $ 172 billion.  n19 Farm borrowers have recently benefited from
increased credit availability and relative interest rate stability.  n20
Competition between lenders for "high-quality" farm loans has increased loan
availability and has made for generally favorable terms for these borrowers.
n21


   In general, this debt expansion has reflected a renewed confidence in the
farm economy on the part of both farm debtors and lenders. When farm business
debt increased in 1997, the ERS attributed it to "[c]ontinued economic growth,
relatively strong crop field prices and increased farm incomes in 1996."  n22
Evidencing this positive analysis, "[a]verage net worth of farm businesses
increased for the fourth consecutive year in 1997."  n23 Further debt expansion
in 1998 was attributed to "generally favorable income conditions in the farm
sector."  n24


   Unfortunately, "generally favorable income conditions" did not continue in
the farm sector in 1998. Disastrous weather conditions and/or crop disease in a
number of areas, a sharp decline in commodity prices, and reduced government
support have dramatically reduced 1998 farm income.  n25 ERS projections
forecast 1998 net farm income to be $ 45.7 billion.  n26 This amount is $ 4.1
billion less than net farm income for 1997 and $ 7.6 billion below 1996.  n27


   The impact of this decline in farm income is not yet known. Loan default and
related indicators of farm financial distress do not become immediately evident
[*219]  and are considered "lagging indicators of financial stress."  n28 Two
concerns are most apparent: whether the decrease in farm income will cause
farmers to be unable to service the debt that they have incurred and whether the
availability of credit will be adversely affected by lender concerns about the
farm economy.


   The ERS has made a cautious, but fairly positive projection regarding
farmers' debt repayment capability. In July 1998, it reported that
"[n]ationwide, farm operators' expanding use of credit is not expected to place
excessive demands on their ability to meet their debt obligations."  n29 In
September, when farm income forecasts were lowered, the ERS acknowledged that
"[l]ower income in 1998 could weaken the ability of farm businesses to meet debt
repayment obligations."  n30 However, the same publication also emphasized that
at least going into 1998, farm businesses were considered to be in a "favorable
financial situation" and that overall, farm balance sheets remained strong.  n31


   With regard to the continued availability of credit, in September, the ERS
made the following guarded assessment:


   [F]arm credit availability remained strong in the first half of 1998. Most
U.S. farmers continue to enjoy competitive credit markets and lower interest
rates. However, if the prices of major commodities remain weak, lenders will be
more cautious when lending to farmers in the coming months, particularly in
regions most dependent on commodities experiencing lower prices and poor
production.  n32


   With regard to both the overall financial condition of farmers and of farm
lenders, however, ERS generally emphasizes that the 1990s have been a good time
for agriculture and that profits in previous years should allow most losses in
1998 to be successfully managed.  n33 Although acknowledging that farmers have
invested heavily in capital assets in recent years and that some will
undoubtedly have difficulty servicing this debt, the ERS concludes that "most
farmers strong balance sheets will allow them to weather a temporary economic
downturn."  n34 Similarly, because the financial condition of farm lenders is
good, having reported strong profits in recent years, "lenders should be able to
weather a shortrun deterioration in farm credit quality."  n35

     [*220]

   Other sources have expressed greater concern, particularly with regard to
farm debt repayment ability.  n36 In May, 1998 the Wall Street Journal published
a front page article on the "stampede" of farmers getting out of farming in the
Northern Plains as a result of low prices, wheat scab, and declining government
payments.  n37 The Wall Street Journal published another analysis during mid-
summer 1998 stating that "[p]roblems are piling up for the U.S. farm economy."
n38 One Nebraska banker commented that "[t]his could be the worst time around
here in ten years."  n39 In October 1998, noted agricultural law professor Neil
D. Hamilton stated that "[f]ew could have predicted the depths of the current
financial crisis unfolding in agriculture, or the rapidity with which it has set
upon us during the fall of 1998. But as anyone who works in rural America knows,
the current farm crisis is real and may be severe."  n40


   In response to these concerns, when Congress and President Clinton reached
agreement on the omnibus appropriations bill in October 1998, a generous farm
relief package was included.  n41 This package contained a number of different
mechanisms for directing financial assistance to farmers.  n42 An additional $ 6
billion was appropriated for disaster and price relief.  n43 Although a
substantial portion of these funds may be available to farmers during 1998,
individual farmer's tax considerations, as well as the efficiency of the USDA in
distributing payments, will affect what income is received by farmers in 1998.
ERS estimates of 1998 farm income of $ 45.7 billion assumes that forty percent
($ 2.4 billion) of this assistance will be received in 1998.  n44


   While this appropriation from Congress was clearly a generous contribution to
the agricultural economy, much of the money is directed to crop farmers
participating in the "market transition" program. This provides little
assistance to livestock farmers who may also be nearing financial ruin. On
November 27, 1998, the Wall Street Journal reported:

     [*221]

   The hog market has collapsed, delivering another blow to a U.S. farm economy
already reeling from low grain prices.


   . . . [S]wine prices at the farm are at their lowest level in 27 years.


   . . . . Many hog farmers are losing thousands of dollars a week. Some
economists are predicting as many as one-fifth of the nation's 122,000 hog
farmers will quit the business by next summer.  n45


   Problems experienced in the hog industry reflect a central concern regarding
the current financial situation in agriculture. Whereas in previous times of
financial stress, either crop or livestock production income was affected,
recent problems cross into both areas, leaving even diversified operations in
distress.


   The full effect of the current farm income problems on debt repayment is not
immediately evident. The impact of these problems on future farm credit
availability will also not be known for some time. Nevertheless, it is apparent
that 1998 marks a clear shift away from the positive farm financial scenario
that produced the optimistic farm debt expansion of the previous years.


   IV. The Traditional Sources of Capital for Farming Operations


   For a number of years, four groups of institutional lenders have made up the
largest portion of business loans made to agricultural operations. These lender
groups are composed of the following: (1) the commercial banks, (2) Farm Credit
System lenders, (3) the Farm Service Agency, and (4) insurance companies. In
1997, these lenders held seventy-seven percent of outstanding agricultural
loans; the remaining twenty-three percent of loans were primarily from machinery
and input suppliers, cooperatives, processors, and individuals.  n46 Table 1
reflects the percentage of farm loans outstanding with each group in 1996 and
1997.

     [*222]  [SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]  n47


   Although there has not been any major shift in the position of these
agricultural lenders during the last few years, some significant trends have
been apparent. Moreover, with regard to the FSA, there have been some
significant legal changes affecting their loan making authorities. These trends
and changes are reflected in the following discussion of each major
institutional lender.


   A. Commercial Lenders


   According to a recent ERS report, commercial banks dominate most rural
financial markets and are "well positioned to provide financial support to rural
sectors of the economy."  n48 Bank profitability has been characterized as
"high," and the financial condition of rural banks considered to be
"particularly healthy going into 1996."  n49


   Looking specifically at loans to agricultural operations, commercial banks
provide the largest source of financing.  n50 The total volume of outstanding
farm loans by commercial banks reached $ 67.2 billion in 1997, up 8.9% from
1996.  n51 Surveys of rural banks in the first quarter of 1998 indicate
continued efforts by banks to expand farm lending.  n52


   Nevertheless, from the borrower's perspective, the availability of banking
alternatives in rural communities remains limited. Although the number of
competing banks within rural counties has remained "remarkably stable" over the
[*223]  past fifteen years,  n53 in 1994, twenty-seven percent of rural counties
were served by two or fewer banks.  n54 Forty percent of urban counties were
served by ten or more banks.  n55 Therefore, while rural banks may be
profitable, this may not translate into available and affordable credit for all
rural borrowers. From this perspective, "rural bank performance is often a
function of the degree of competition within the local financial markets in
which loan decisions are made."  n56 A borrower whose loan is denied at one
rural bank may have few other alternative sources of credit.  n57


   One potential source of alternative financing is with a Farm Credit System
(FCS) lender. Rural banks have generally viewed FCS lenders as their main rival
and competitor with regard to agricultural loans. ERS projections indicate that
banks will continue to compete aggressively with FCS for high quality farm
loans.  n58 Some have recently observed that this competition may have made
rural banks more vulnerable to a downturn in the farm economy. The Wall Street
Journal reported that farm banks had "relatively little liquidity for
emergencies because they have been lending much more of their deposits in order
to take market share" from FCS.  n59 Rural banks have allowed their average loan
-to-deposit ratio to climb to a record seventy percent from fifty-four percent a
decade ago.  n60 Because of this competition with regard to both farm and other
business loans, bank lending spreads for these high quality loans are expected
to remain narrow by industry standards.  n61


   Nationwide consolidation of the banking industry has dramatically affected
the ownership of rural commercial banks. In 1996, only about nine percent of
rural counties were served solely by local banking organizations.  n62 Banking
[*224]  mergers have continued since that time, so it is likely that this
percentage is now significantly lower.  n63 However, according to the ERS,
available evidence indicates that the availability of credit does not suffer as
a result of this change of ownership, or at least that "negative effects are
limited."  n64 Although this may be true with regard to the availability of
credit, it may not be true with regard to the willingness of a lender to
restructure or otherwise "work with" a farm borrower experiencing financial
distress.


   It is difficult at this time to predict the full impact and extent of 1998
farm financial problems. There is, however, much concern being expressed in the
commercial banking industry. The Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis recently
expressed this concern in a summary of the results of a survey of its district
banks.  n65 Bankers who responded to the survey "revealed the most pessimistic
outlook seen this decade."  n66 They reported that repayment rates were below
normal and that loan renewals and extensions were up as farmers held grain in
the hopes of higher future prices.  n67 The estimated proportion of borrowers at
their debt limits increased from twenty-seven percent to forty-one percent
overall; Montana and North Dakota farmers were in the worst condition with
sixty-three and forty-five percent respectively of farmers at their debt limit.
n68 Wisconsin farmers, buoyed by relatively strong milk prices and declining
feed costs, were the only state group to show improvement.  n69 In an analysis
"echoed by colleagues," a South Dakota banker reported that "[t]he current
pricing and near-term prices for crops and livestock are extremely serious. If
our agricultural borrowers are not able to get better prices, they will not be
able to survive their debtor make purchases to stimulate the economy."  n70

     [*225]

   B. The Farm Credit System


   The Farm Credit System (FCS) is a network of federally-chartered,
borrower-owned cooperatives that was specifically created to provide a
competitive source of agricultural credit.  n71 FCS now holds the second largest
portfolio of outstanding agricultural loans. At the end of 1997, FCS held $ 42.6
billion in farm business loans, up 6.9% from 1996.  n72 FCS farm business debt
is forecast to increase about 3.5% in 1998.  n73


   The FCS has effectively rebuilt its farm loan portfolio after the near
disastrous results of the farm financial crisis of the 1980s. The FCS farm loan
portfolio dropped forty-five percent from a high point in 1982 to its low point
in 1993.  n74 In contrast, the FCS has gained loan market share in each of the
past three years.  n75 The ERS recently concluded that the FCS was "well
positioned to supply farmers' future needs."  n76 Its access to national money
markets and the resulting ability to provide credit at competitive rates makes
it an attractive alternative to commercial banks. Summarizing its analysis, the
ERS concluded that "[t]he system has demonstrated financial strength in recent
years while undergoing massive restructuring of its organization and procedures.
In an effort to enhance loan quality and expand market share, the FCS is
offering farm customers competitive interest rates and credit arrangements."
n77


   As with the analysis of commercial banks, however, this positive scenario is
directed to the availability of agricultural credit. Two caveats are
appropriate. First, projections to date do not reflect concerns with the
downturn in the  [*226]  agricultural economy. "Lagging indicators of financial
distress" have not yet had an impact on farm credit availability.  n78


   Second, credit availability is a different measure of the farm financial
situation than is loan servicing availability. While the FCS's access to the
secondary loan market has enhanced credit availability and in some cases, loan
terms, it has also sacrificed numerous borrower's rights provisions that
previously protected borrowers who experienced financial distress. Recent
legislation provides that if a loan is designated for the secondary market upon
its making, and if it is sold unto that market, the majority of the usual FCS
borrower protection provisions do not apply. Protections that are lost include
the right to debt restructuring consideration upon default and the right of
first refusal to repurchase property lost to foreclosure, as well as certain
appeal rights.  n79


   The FCS has recently embarked on two simultaneous institutional efforts to
solidify its strength as a rural lender. These efforts are first, to expand its
clientele, that is, the types of persons and entities that are eligible to be
FCS borrowers and second, to expand the types of loans that it offers. Each of
these efforts will be discussed in turn.


   1. Expanding FCS Loan Eligibility


   In an effort to compete effectively with commercial banks, the Farm Credit
Administration (FCA), the federal agency that oversees the FCS lenders, has
sought to expand FCS lending authority.  n80 This effort has been controversial,
and it has met with substantial opposition from the rural banking industry.  n81


   Recent FCA regulatory action exemplifies this effort and the controversy it
has generated. In September 1995, the FCA published a proposed rule to amend its
regulations governing the eligibility requirements for FCS loans.  n82 This rule
proposed a substantial expansion of the loan-making authority of the FCS
lenders.  n83 After the required ninety-day comment period and the receipt of
over three hundred comments, the FCA redrafted the proposed rule and republished
it.  n84 More than 1500 comments were received.  n85 On January 30, 1997, the
final rule was  [*227]  published, with an effective date of March 11, 1997.
n86 Although modified from the previous proposals, the final rule broadens the
qualifications used to determine borrower eligibility for FCS loans, thus
expanding FCS loan making authorities.  n87


   Soon thereafter, the Independent Bankers Association of America and the
American Bankers Association brought suit against the FCA.  n88 In this suit,
the bankers argued that the new regulations violated both the plain language and
the congressional intent of the statutes creating the FCS and further argued
that the "regulations caused competitive injury to their member institutions."
n89 The United States District Court for the District of Columbia dismissed the
suit on its merits.  n90


   On appeal, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
affirmed in part and reversed in part the lower court's decision.  n91 The
appeals court held that most of ways in which the FCA sought to expand the
lending authorities of its member institutions were permissible under the Farm
Credit Act, and accordingly, these aspects of the regulations were upheld.  n92
The court also held, however, that two proposed areas of expansion were contrary
to the language of the Farm Credit Act, and the regulations implementing these
areas of expansion were struck down.  n93 The FCA's expansion of loan making
authority to loans for any business activity conducted by a farm-related service
business was struck down.  n94 Similarly, the expansion of its authority to
offer loans for non-owner occupied housing was rejected.  n95 Thus, although the
bankers' challenge was of somewhat limited success, it did confirm that there
are specific limitations on the role that Congress envisioned for the FCS. It is
likely that competitors of the FCS will continue to monitor their actions
closely and challenge any future encroachments into non-farm lending.


   2. Expanding the Types of Loans Offered


   In an effort to compete effectively with lending by "captive supply"
companies that are offering loans to farmers through input and equipment
dealers,  [*228]  the FCS has developed a new point of sale financing program
called AgSmart.  n96 It provides for indirect farmer financing of farmers who
purchase goods at authorized input suppliers and equipment dealers.  n97 It is
offered by the FCS through an agreement with the technology services provider,
EDS, and American Centurion Bank.  n98


   FCS loan officers market participation in the AgSmart program to agricultural
input suppliers and equipment dealers.  n99 If the supplier or dealer agrees to
participate, it registers with the AgSmart program, and its farmer customers can
then apply for AgSmart financing.  n100 Seasonal and operating loans, term loans
and leases, and a revolving credit card are all available at the point-of-sale
or lease.  n101 The loan is made to the farmer or input customer by FCS
indirectly, through the input supplier.  n102 The loan obligation flows directly
from the farmer-customer to American Centurion Bank, supported by the FCS.  n103
If a leasing option is selected, Farm Credit Leasing Corporation provides the
financing.  n104


   The loan application form is shorter than the usual FCS form, as is the loan
approval process. The customer completes a one page loan application that is
immediately faxed from the supplier to an EDS processing center.  n105 The
application is evaluated via a computerized credit scoring system.  n106
Approval or denial is often made within ten to fifteen minutes.  n107


   Operating loans are generally available from $ 5000 to $ 100,000, although
certain areas may be able to process larger loan.  n108 Operating loan terms are
from three to fifteen months.  n109 There is a one hundred dollar fee assessed
as of the first draw against the loan-the merchant can choose to sponsor this
fee, charge the customer, or to increase the fee and participate, up to five
hundred dollars.  n110 A  [*229]  security interest will be claimed on the
growing crop.  n111 The interest rate charged is variable, indexed to the prime
rate.  n112


   Term loans and leases are available for financing new or used machinery,
equipment, or fixtures.  n113 Loan or lease amounts range from $ 5000 to $
100,000, although some areas can process loans up to $ 250,000.  n114 The terms
available are one, three, five, or seven years.  n115 There is a one hundred
dollar fee assessed at closing.  n116 The merchant can choose to sponsor this
fee or to charge the customer and increase the fee and participate, up to five
hundred dollars.  n117 A security interest will be claimed on the item
purchased.  n118 Rates are fixed for the term of the loan or lease.  n119 There
may be no-recourse options depending upon the credit risk.  n120


   Two types of credit cards are available through AgSmart: "The AgSmart
Exclusive Card is designed for exclusive use at one business. The AgSmart
QuickStep Card may be used at all approved AgSmart business locations."  n121
Credit is available up to $ 100,000 depending upon the risk and the customer's
need.  n122 Approval is for a three-year term.  n123 Both farmer and non-farmer
customers are eligible.  n124 The minimum monthly payment amount is eight
percent of the balance, plus accrued interest.  n125 There are no fees
associated with either of the cards.  n126 The interest rate is the prime rate
plus eight percent.  n127


   In the press release announcing the new AgSmart program, the national
director of the program stated that "customer demand for a quicker, more
convenient process was the driving force behind the push for indirect
financing."  n128  [*230]  He added, however, that "competition among
agricultural suppliers and dealers was another catalyst for the change."  n129


   C. The Farm Service Agency


   The FSA (formerly Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)) is an agency within the
USDA that was created expressly for the purpose of providing credit to eligible
farmers who cannot obtain credit elsewhere.  n130 The farm financial crisis of
the 1980s took a major toll on FmHA's loan portfolio. The economic fragility of
FSA/FmHA borrowers combined with questionable lending and loan servicing
practices led to widespread defaults and enormous losses.  n131 Large loan
writeoffs and congressionally-limited lending authority has dramatically reduced
FSA's current share of farm lending.  n132 Adjusted for inflation, FSA direct
lending is the lowest since 1946, when FmHA was created.  n133


   FSA's farm loan portfolio again declined in 1997, when FSA held only five
percent of farm business loans.  n134 In 1997, FSA had $ 8.3 billion in
outstanding farm loans, a 16.3% decline since 1987 and an 8.7% decline from the
previous year.  n135 In addition to the debt writeoffs referenced above, much of
this decline can be attributed to the agency's move away from direct lending and
toward guaranteed lending.  n136 However, there was also a 14.9% decline in the
loan guarantees made by FSA in 1997.  n137 Loan guarantees of $ 1.57 billion
were made in 1997.  n138


   FSA loan demand is difficult to predict because of the FSA's special status
as a "lender of last resort." Therefore, in good economic times for farmers, and
when credit is available from other lenders, presumably, FSA loans applications
will be down.  n139 Conversely, in times of farm financial distress,
applications for  [*231]  FSA loans, in particular, emergency loans, will be
increased. Anecdotally, an increase in FSA loan applications is taken as a sign
of pending financial crisis. Emphasizing the financial stress in the northern
plains, the Wall Street Journal reported: "In the courthouse basement, the
federal Farm Service Agency office is so swamped with requests for emergency
loans that a copy-machine room and junk room were cleared out for space to take
applications. 'A lot of these farmers were your blue- chippers,' says Kelly
Turgeon, county director."  n140 FSA loan "demand" has also been affected,
however, by statutory changes in loan eligibility requirements. Statutory
changes made to the FSA loan programs in recent years have generally placed
greater restrictions on the lending authority of the FSA.  n141 A number of
these restrictions were focused on the eligibility criteria for obtaining an FSA
loan.


   Reversing this trend, Title VIII of the Omnibus Appropriations Bill, entitled
Agricultural Credit, makes a number of significant amendments to current credit
laws applicable to the FSA farm loan programs.  n142 Some of these amendments
temper the eligibility restrictions and expand certain FSA lending authority.
The changes to FSA lending programs in the recent appropriations bill are
explained as follows.


   1. Changes to Loan Eligibility Restrictions: 7 U.S.C.

    2008h


   Section 801 of the omnibus bill amends some of the basic loan making
restrictions placed on FSA lending.  n143 These restrictions are found in

    2008h of Title 7, and they are divided into three categories of loan
eligibility limitations. Under subsection (a), delinquent borrowers are
prohibited from obtaining direct operating loans.  n144 This restriction is not
changed by the new law.  n145


   Prior to the omnibus bill, subsection (b) of

    2008h provided a general rule that any borrower who received "debt
forgiveness" (also referred to as "debt write- down") on a direct or guaranteed
USDA loan was ineligible for any type of new direct or guaranteed loan.  n146
There was one exception, but it was limited to one category of borrower and one
category of loan; it provided that borrowers who  [*232]  received their debt
forgiveness as a result of the administrative debt restructuring process could
still be considered for direct or guaranteed operating loans for the purpose of
paying their annual expenses.  n147 All other situations fell under the general
rule and loan making was prohibited. The result was particularly harsh when
applied to the FSA emergency loan program.  n148


   Under the new law, there is a different general rule for direct and
guaranteed loans; the general rule for guaranteed loans is much less
restrictive. There is also a significant expansion to the exception provision.
n149


   Under the general rule, a direct loan cannot be made to a farmer that has
received debt forgiveness in the past unless the farmer falls within one of the
exceptions.  n150 A guaranteed loan cannot be made to a farmer if he or she
received debt forgiveness after April 4, 1996.  n151 A guaranteed loan also
cannot be made to a farmer that received debt forgiveness on more than three
occasions on or before April 4, 1996 unless the farmer falls within one of the
exceptions.  n152 Thus, a farmer that received debt forgiveness on as many as
three occasions before April 4, 1996 can still be considered for a loan
guaranteed by the FSA.  n153


   The exception to the general rule is also expanded. There are now two
exceptions. With regard to direct and guaranteed operating loans, where
previously, the exception only applied to borrowers who received their debt
forgiveness as a result of the administrative debt restructuring process, the
exception now also applies to borrowers who are current on payments under a
confirmed bankruptcy reorganization plan under Chapters 11, 12, or 13 of Title
11 (the Bankruptcy Code). Thus, farmers who have received debt forgiveness as a
result of the administrative debt restructuring process or who are current on
payments under a confirmed bankruptcy reorganization plan can be considered for
either a direct or guaranteed operating loan for payment of their annual
expenses.  n154


   The new law establishes a new second exception to the loan-making restriction
that applies specifically to the emergency loan program. The new law provides
that an emergency loan can be granted to a borrower who has received "not more
than one debt forgiveness" on or before April 4, 1996 and who has not received
debt forgiveness after April 4, 1996.  n155 Thus, emergency loans still cannot
be made to borrowers who received more than one debt forgiveness prior to or on
April 4, 1996, and emergency loans still can not be made to borrowers who
[*233]  received debt forgiveness at any time after April 4, 1998.  n156
However, borrowers who received one occasion of debt forgiveness granted prior
to or on April 4, 1996 should still be considered for emergency loans.  n157


   Subsection (c) of

    2008h limits farm borrowers to one administrative "debt forgiveness . . . on
a direct loan."  n158 The new law does not change this limitation on the
availability of debt forgiveness.  n159


   2. Changes to Loan Term Provisions: 7 U.S.C.

    1964


   Section 802 of the new law amends 7 U.S.C.

    1964.  n160 Section 1964 provides some of the basic rules for emergency loan
eligibility.  n161 The new law amends the security rules for emergency loans
contained in subsection (d) of

    1964.  n162 The new law allows the Secretary of Agriculture some flexibility
in evaluating the collateral necessary to support the loan.  n163 Although the
general rule that there must be adequate security for the loan remains the same,
the new law adds the following new language to subsection(d) as a new
subsection(d)(2):


   NO BASIS FOR DENIAL OF LOAN.


   (A) IN GENERAL. Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall not deny a
loan under this subtitle to a borrower by reason of the fact that the borrower
lacks a particular amount of collateral for the loan if the Secretary is
reasonably certain that the borrower will be able to repay the loan.  n164


   However, the new law also provides a restriction that allows the Secretary to
refuse to grant the loan if the borrower refuses to pledge requested collateral.
This provision is subparagraph (B) as referenced above. It provides that the
Secretary "may deny or cancel a loan under this subtitle if a borrower refuses
to pledge available collateral on request by the Secretary."  n165

     [*234]

   3. Changes to Crop Insurance/Disaster Program Multiple Benefits Rule: 7
U.S.C.

    1508(n), 7 U.S.C.

    7333(i)(3)


   Section 803 of the new law amends 7 U.S.C.


    1508(n) and 7333(i)(3). Section 1508 is part of the law governing crop
insurance; subsection(n) limits the receipt of multiple benefits from crop
insurance and other USDA loss assistance on the same crop loss.  n166 Section
7333 is part of the law governing the Non- Insured Disaster Assistance Program
(NAP), the hybrid insurance/disaster program for crops for which insurance is
not available.  n167 Subsection (i)(3) limits the receipt of NAP benefits in
combination with other disaster-related benefits.  n168


   Prior to the new law, farmers entitled to receive crop insurance benefits
under "catastrophic risk protection" (CAT) coverage (the lowest level of
coverage available to satisfy the crop insurance requirements) who were also
eligible for other USDA assistance related to the loss had to elect which
benefit to receive.  n169 Similarly, under NAP, farmers who were eligible for
NAP benefits as well as other USDA assistance related to the loss also had to
elect which benefit to receive.  n170 Emergency loans were interpreted to be
loss benefits, so in either case, the farmer had to choose between the CAT or
NAP benefits and obtaining the loan.  n171


   Under the new law, an exception is added to both


    1508(n) and 7333(i)(3). Emergency loans are excepted;  n172 thus, the
multiple benefits provision no longer applies to emergency loans. Farmers who
suffer losses covered by their federal crop insurance policies, even if they are
only in the CAT program, and farmers who are eligible for NAP benefits are still
eligible for emergency loans.  n173


   4. New Notice Requirement: Loan Eligibility: 7 U.S.C.

    1922


   Section 804 of the new law adds a new notice requirement to the loan
eligibility restrictions contained in 7 U.S.C.

    1922.  n174 Section 1922(b) attempts to put time limits on obtaining a
direct farm ownership loan, thereby requiring farmers to graduate from the
subsidized federal loan program to either conventional or guaranteed farm
financing arrangements.  n175 It provides that direct farm ownership loans can
only be made to borrowers who are either "qualified  [*235]  beginning farmers
or ranchers," new borrowers (those who have not received a previous direct farm
ownership loan), or borrowers who have "not received a direct farm ownership
loan . . . more than 10 years before the date the new loan would be made."  n176


   The new law does not amend this restriction, but it requires the Secretary of
Agriculture to provide borrowers with notice that they will become ineligible
for additional loans within twelve months before they become ineligible.  n177
This notice requirement does not begin, however, until fiscal year 2000.  n178


   5. Changes in Guaranteed Loan Eligibility Requirements Regarding Training or
Experience: 7 U.S.C.

    1922(a)(2); 7 U.S.C.

    1941(a)(2); 7 U.S.C.

    2006a


   Prior to the new law, general eligibility requirements for either direct or
guaranteed farm program loans included a requirement that the borrower have
either "training or farming experience that the Secretary determines is
sufficient to assure reasonable prospects of success in the proposed farming
operation."  n179 Essentially the same requirement was provided with regard to
farm ownership loans.  n180 The Secretary of Agriculture was authorized to
provide training programs for borrowers, both directly and by contracting with
others.  n181

    Section 805 of the new law exempts both farm ownership and operating
guaranteed loans from the training or experience requirement.  n182 This
requirement now applies only to the direct loan programs.  n183 The new law also
eliminates the specific statutory authority for conducting and contracting for
borrower training programs for guaranteed loan borrowers.  n184


   6. Changes in Guaranteed Loan Limits: 7 U.S.C.


    1925 and 1943


   Sections 1925 and 1943 set the maximum loan amounts for certain farm program
loans, including guaranteed operating and guaranteed farm ownership  [*236]
loans.  n185 Prior to the new law,

    1925 provided that no farm ownership loan could be made that would cause the
unpaid balance of the borrower's debt to exceed $ 300,000.  n186 Section 1943
provided that no guaranteed operating loan could be made that would cause the
unpaid balance of the borrower's debt to exceed $ 400,000.  n187


   Section 806 of the new law combines these amounts for purposes of the loan
limitation, replacing the total unpaid indebtedness to $ 700,000 in guaranteed
loan obligations for both programs.  n188 This new limit also takes into
consideration direct loans that are of the same type.  n189 Thus, a borrower is
limited to $ 700,000 in outstanding guaranteed and direct operating loans, and
to $ 700,000 in guaranteed and direct farm ownership loans.  n190 It also
provides for an indexing of this maximum amount, allowing it to increase
according to the Prices Paid by Farmers Index compiled by the National
Agricultural Statistics Service of the USDA.  n191


   7. New Notice Requirement: Shared Appreciation Mortgages: 7 U.S.C.

    2001(e)


   Section 807 of the new law adds a new notice requirement to the debt
restructuring and loan servicing requirements.  n192 Under this amendment, the
Secretary will be required to notify borrowers at least one year prior to the
end of the term of the shared appreciation agreement associated with their
mortgage.  n193 As with the loan eligibility notice provision contained in the
law, this notice requirement does not take effect until fiscal year 2000.  n194


   8. Revised Percentage to Be Used in Restructuring Computations: 7 U.S.C.

    2001(c)(3)(C)


   The loan servicing and debt restructuring process for farm program loans is
set forth in 7 U.S.C.

    2001. One of the computations made as part of the debt restructuring
analysis is the value of the borrower's restructured loan.  n195 Prior to the
new law,

    2001(c)(3)(C) allowed the Secretary to assume that the borrower  [*237]
would need up to 110% of the amount estimated for payment of farm operating
expenses, debt service obligations, and family living expenses.  n196 This
provided a ten percent cushion for unanticipated or larger than expected
expenses.  n197 Section 808 of the new law amends

    2001(c)(3)(C) to replace the 110% value with 100%.  n198


   D. The Life Insurance Industry


   Historically, life insurance companies have been major investors in real
estate financing. The long-term nature of real estate mortgages has been seen to
match well with the long-term nature of life insurance liabilities. However, the
significance of insurance company lending to the agricultural sector has greatly
decreased.  n199


   At one time, life insurance companies exceeded commercial banks in the amount
of outstanding farm loans.  n200 They maintained this dominance until 1986, when
banks took the market share lead.  n201 Over recent years, their loan share has
diminished, and in 1996-97, life insurance companies only held between five and
six percent of outstanding agricultural loans.  n202


   In addition to the overall decline in the percentage of agricultural lending
done by life insurance companies, a recent ERS analysis revealed significant
trends concerning the agricultural loans that insurance companies do continue to
make.  n203 First, there has been a geographic concentration that has become
apparent. This has produced a shift away from lending to farmers in the Corn
Belt states to lending instead to farmers in the Southeast and the Pacific
Coast.  n204


   Second, in a related shift, insurance companies have tended to prefer to make
loans to larger commercial farms.  n205 Preference is also given to enterprises
with  [*238]  primarily real estate assets as opposed to depreciable buildings,
and with soil and water conditions that minimize farming risks.  n206


   Third, the average loan amount has increased dramatically.  n207 The average
outstanding loan size for an agricultural loan increased 298.2% during 1980- 94.
n208 The ERS analysis concludes that "[l]ife insurance companies are
insignificant players in the market for farm mortgages under $ 150,000 and are
relatively minor players for mortgages under $ 500,000."  n209 At least two
insurance companies restrict new farm loans to those over $ 500,000; one company
requires a minimum of $ 1,000,000.  n210


   Thus, while insurance companies continue to play a role as one of the four
major institutional lenders, this role has decreased, and, although there are
exceptions, this role has only been significant with regard to large farming
operations.


   V. New Issues: The Changing Landscape of Agricultural Lending


   Over the few years, there has been a quiet revolution in farm finance as
important and powerful new players have strengthened their position as
competitive agricultural lenders. "Captive finance companies" now provide a
substantial amount of loans to farmers.  n211 A captive finance company is best
defined as a non-bank lender that is tied to a company that seeks to use
agricultural financing as a tool to market its products or services.  n212


   The combination of product-seller and lender present several distinct
advantages. First, because the lender's profit is not determined solely on the
basis of the loan, but on the purchase of the underlying product, loans can be
made at a rate that may well be lower than either a bank or FCS.  n213

     [*239]

   Second, because the product-seller has an independent relationship with the
farmer, e.g., through the sale of agricultural inputs or farm machinery, the
seller may use this relationship to encourage lending.


   Third, captive finance companies are not regulated as banks,  n214 nor are
they regulated as government instrumentalities (as is FCS), or as a government
agency (as is FSA).  n215 Thus, their lending has all of the efficacy (and all
of the potential dangers) of an unregulated industry. They are able to move
fast, change lending practices frequently, and are able to react quickly to
changes in the market, and to changes in the customer's demands.


   Initially, captive finance lending was limited to the products sold by the
lender. For example, Case Credit Corporation would finance the purchase or lease
of equipment manufactured by Case Corporation. A number of captive finance
lenders have expanded, however, into other areas of agricultural financing,
making loans to pay for services, purchases, and even cash farmland rent that is
not related to the captive finance product.


   Examples of the captive finance companies that are currently active in the
agricultural lending include:


   Agricredit Corporation (fifty-one percent owned by Rabobank Nederland):
reported to have approximately $ 1.2 billion in outstanding loans, offers
machinery and operating loans as well as a farm credit card program;  n216


   Ag Services of America, Inc.: based in Cedar Falls, Iowa, with links to
DeKalb Seed and Novartis, offers flexible operating credit while also serving as
an outlet for all crop input supplies through its AgriFlex program.  n217


   Cooperative Farm Finance Association, Inc. (CFA): a member-owned cooperative
finance association based in Kansas, Missouri, owned in large part by Farmland
Industries, offers to finance all types of farm inputs sold by its member
cooperatives as well as a credit card with a sliding interest rate depending
upon an assessment of the borrower's risk level.  n218

     [*240]

   Case Credit: a financial services subsidiary of Case Corporation, is reported
to have a credit portfolio of $ 5.3 billion in equipment financing. It also
offers a credit card program in conjunction with Nations Bank.  n219


   John Deere Credit: the largest of the captive finance lenders and a
subsidiary of the equipment giant, Deere & Company, reports approximately $ 8.4
billion in net receivables and leases.  n220 It offers financing and leasing
options for farm equipment, operating loans for agricultural inputs and a farm
business credit card, Farm Plan.  n221 Farm Plan accounts are now available in
all fifty states. Its sister program, AgLine, is available in Canada.  n222
Charge volumes for 1996 are estimated at $ 1 billion.  n223 John Deere Credit
has alliances with numerous cooperatives, including Growmark and Countrymark, as
well as Pioneer Hi-Bred International.  n224


   New Holland Credit Co., a subsidiary of Ford Motor Co., presently offers an
operating line of credit program and a credit card.  n225


   VI. Conclusion: Thoughts on Agricultural Finance


   After surveying the farm financial picture as the end of 1998 nears, two
observations are appropriate. The first concerns the potential changes in farm
lending caused by financial stress in 1998. The second concerns a trend in loan
availability that may well transcend this year's financial problems.


   After several years of general farm financial stability and profitability,
most borrowers and lenders entered 1998 with a sense of optimism. In mid-1998,
however, that optimism crashed head on with the reality of the income volatility
of an unregulated agriculture. Low farm prices reduced anticipated farm income
dramatically and concern mounted. Low farm incomes will no doubt cause many
farmers to default on their loan obligations; the unanswered question is how
[*241]  widespread this default will be. Another unknown is how this will affect
lenders' interest in and commitment to agricultural lending.


   The second observation raises a concern about an overall trend in farm
lending. There are numerous lenders that are anxious to expand their farm loan
portfolios. Commercial banks compete with FCS, and both compete with the new
captive finance companies. On the surface it appears that farm loans are readily
available at favorable terms for all farm borrowers. In fact, however, lenders
are really only competing for the "high quality" farm loans. Farm operators that
are considered to be "marginal" are likely to lack credit access.  n226
Beginning farmers, without the track record necessary to prove their credit
worthiness are also likely to be denied loans.  n227 Rural development officials
surveyed by the General Accounting Office confirm this split in access to credit
and define the types of borrowers that have difficulty as "start-up, expanding,
and minority businesses."  n228 Captive finance companies further encourage the
division by utilizing credit scoring systems that approve or deny credit on the
basis of objective criteria and credit history. There is little opportunity in
such a system for explanations and subjective persuasion.


   In a dual borrower system, "high quality" borrowers get loans, and they get
them with promptness, and on terms that are favorable. Other borrowers have to
search for credit, perhaps obtaining loans later in the crop cycle than is
desirable and/or for less amount than that which would be preferred to maximize
profits. If credit is obtained, the loan terms may not be as favorable. Interest
rates may be higher and repayment term shorter. These factors combine to make
the "less than high quality" borrower at a continual competitive disadvantage.
His or her profitability is jeopardized, and the chance to move into that "high
quality" realm is lost. In effect, a kind of agricultural credit underclass is
formed.


   The analysis of these two observations about farm finance will have to be
continued at some point in the future. Both are developing issues, and because
of the dependence of agriculture upon borrowed capital, both raise serious
public policy concerns about the future of American agriculture. Hopefully,
these topics will be considered in a future article.



Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawBank ActivitiesGeneral OverviewGovernmentsLocal
GovernmentsFinanceReal Property LawFinancingFederal RegulationsFarm Credit Act

FOOTNOTES:




n1  See discussion infra Part II.




n2  See discussion infra Part III.




n3  See discussion infra Part IV.




n4  See discussion infra Part V.




n5  See discussion infra Part VI.




n6  See Thomas L. Frey & Robert H. Behrens, Lending to Agricultural Enterprises
3-4 (1981).




n7  Id. at 3.




n8  See id.




n9  See id.




n10  Id.




n11  See id.




n12  See id.




n13  See id. at 4.




n14  Id. at 3-4.




n15  Id. at 4. Frey and Behrens appear to view the "way of life" model of
farming as inconsistent with the model of a sophisticated business. They state
that agriculture is "in transition" from one system to the other. See id.
Although this raises issues that are beyond the scope of this Article, one can
certainly argue that successful business management is not incompatible with the
concept of family farming. While farming is indisputably a highly capitalized
industry that requires careful management, for many farmers and for the rural
communities in which they live, it also remains a way of life.




n16  See id. at 3-4.




n17  See Jeffrey R. Kayl, Student Paper, Farm Credit Amendments Act of 1985:
Congressional Intent, FCA Implementation and Courts' Interpretation and the
Effect of Subsequent Legislation on the 1985 Act, 37 Drake L. Rev. 271, 279-83
(1988).




n18  See Jerome Stam & James Ryan, Farm Credit Use Up for 6th Straight Year,
Agric. Outlook, June-July 1998, at 16, 17.




n19  See id. at 16.




n20  See Paul Sundell & Ted Covey, Stable Interest Rates, Ample Credit in 1998 &
1999, Agric. Outlook, May 1998, at 27, 28.




n21  See id.




n22  Jerome Stam & James Ryan, Farm Credit Use Up for 5th Straight Year: Market
Stronger for Farm Lenders, Agric. Outlook, April 1997, at 27, 27.




n23  Mitch Morehart et al., Record 1997 Net Cash Income Braces Farms for Market
Downturn, Agric. Outlook, Sept. 1998, at 2, 4.




n24  Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 16.




n25  See id. at 19.




n26  See Economic Research Service, United States Department of Agriculture,
Agricultural Relief Package Will Bolster 1998 Farm Income (visited Nov. 26,
1998) <http://www.econ.ag.gov/ Briefing/fbe/fore/ffore.htm>.




n27  See id.




n28  Morehart et al., supra note 23, at 5.




n29  Stam & Ryan, supra note 22, at 16.




n30  Morehart et al., supra note 23, at 4.




n31  See id. at 2.




n32  Id. at 5.




n33  See id. at 2.




n34  Id.




n35  Id.




n36  See Neil D. Hamilton, A Changing Agricultural Law for a Changing
Agriculture, 4 Drake J. Agric. L. 41, 43-47 (1999).




n37  Scott Kilman, Off the Land: On the Northern Plains, Free Market Farming
Yields Pain, Upheaval, Wall St. J., May 5, 1998, at A1.




n38  Scott Kilman, Farm Economy Enters an Anxious Time: Decline in Exports to
Asia and a Drought Worry Farmers and Bankers, Wall St. J., July 16, 1998, at A2.




n39  Id. (quoting Phil Burns, Chief Executive Officer of Farmers & Merchants
National Bank in West Point Nebraska).




n40  Hamilton, supra note 36, at 41, 42.




n41  See, e.g., Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations
Act of 1999, Pub. L. No. 105-277, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) 2681.




n42  For an excellent discussion of the various farm programs, as well as
information on the omnibus appropriations funds devoted thereto, see Christopher
R. Kelley, Federal Farm Program Developments, 4 Drake J. Agric. L. 93 (1999).




n43  Economic Research Service, supra note 26.




n44  See id.




n45  Scott Kilman, Hog Market Collapses on Glut of Animals, Wall St. J., Nov.
27, 1998, at A2.




n46  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 16.




n47  See Sundell & Covey, supra note 20, at 27; Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at
16-17.




n48  Economic Research Serv., USDA, Credit in Rural America 6 (1998). Congress
requested a study of the availability of credit in rural areas in the Federal
Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996. See Federal Agriculture
Improvement and Reform Act of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 650, 110 Stat. 888,
1105. Credit in Rural America is the ERS report that was produced as a result of
this study.




n49  Economic Research Serv., supra note 48, at 6.




n50  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 17.




n51  See id.




n52  See Sundell & Covey, supra note 20, at 27.




n53  See Economic Research Serv., supra note 48, at 10. Possible reasons for
this stability include "potential antitrust enforcement by the Department of
Justice and bank regulator concerns over the local impacts of mergers." Id.




n54  Economic Research Serv., supra note 48, at 10.




n55  See id.




n56  Id.




n57  This situation may be particularly problematic in the context of
agricultural loans. Uniform Commercial Code provisions protecting the rights of
secured creditors are particularly strong with regard to "floating liens"
applied to crops. In some instances, it is virtually impossible for a farmer to
give the equivalent of a "purchase money security interest" priority to a new
lender that has financed the farmer's crop. This difficulty results in the crop
lender having a "practical monopoly in the extension of production credit to the
farmer." Steve H. Nickles, Setting Farmers Free: Righting the Unintended Anomaly
of UCC Section 9-312(2), 71 Minn. L. Rev. 1135, 1180-88 (1987).




n58  See Sundell & Covey, supra note 20, at 28.




n59  Kilman, supra note 38, at A2.




n60  See id.




n61  See Sundell & Covey, supra note 20, at 27.




n62  See Economic Research Serv., supra note 48, at 10. "Local banking
organizations" are defined as banks with no offices outside that county. See id.




n63  See id. (predicting the percentage has consistently decreased). For
example, the recently approved merger of Norwest Bank with Wells Fargo will
affect many rural banks in Minnesota and the Dakotas.




n64  Id.




n65  See Edward Lotterman, Low Commodity Prices Taking Toll Across the Ninth
District, Fedgazette, Nov. 1998
<http://woodrow.mpls.frb.fed.us/pubs/fedgaz/98-10/adfin.html>. Each quarter the
Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis surveys agricultural bankers in the Ninth
Federal Reserve District (Montana, North & South Dakota, Minnesota, Northwestern
Wisconsin, and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan). See id. In August 1998, 107
bankers responded to the survey, and their responses reflect conditions
experienced during the second quarter of 1998. See id. A summary of the
responses was published on the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis Internet
website. See id.




n66  Id.




n67  See id.




n68  See id.




n69  See id.




n70  Id.




n71  The FCS was created in 1916 to provide agricultural loans "because rural
banks were unable or unwilling to risk doing so." See Economic Research Serv.,
supra note 48, at 11. The authorizing statute states that it is the "policy of
Congress, recognizing that a prosperous, productive agriculture is essential to
a free nation and recognizing the growing need for credit in rural areas, that
the farmer-owned cooperative Farm Credit System be designed to accomplish the
objective of improving the income . . . by furnishing sound, adequate, and
constructive credit and closely related services to them, their cooperatives,
and to selected farm-related businesses necessary for efficient farm
operations." 12 U.S.C.  2001 (1994). For a discussion of the history and purpose
of the FCS, see Christopher R. Kelley & Barbara J. Hoekstra, A Guide to Borrower
Litigation Against the Farm Credit System and the Rights of Farm Credit
Borrowers, 66 N.D. L. Rev. 127, 130-49 (1990).




n72  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 19.




n73  See id.




n74  See Sundell & Covey, supra note 20, at 28.




n75  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 19.




n76  Id.




n77  Id.




n78  See Morehart et al., supra note 23, at 5, and accompanying text. See Stam &
Ryan, supra note 18, at 19.




n79  See Farm Credit System Reform Act of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-105, 208, 110
Stat. 162, 173 (to be codified at 12 U.S.C.  2202a).




n80  See, e.g., 60 Fed. Reg. 47,103, 47,103-106 (proposed Sept. 11, 1995).




n81  See id. at 47,106.




n82  See generally id.




n83  See generally id. (amendment to govern eligibility and purposes for
financing FCS).




n84  See generally 61 Fed. Reg. 42,092 (proposed Aug. 13, 1996) (involving a
reproposal that eliminates current eligibility requirements not required by the
Act).




n85  See id.




n86  See id.




n87  See id.




n88  See Independent Bankers Ass'n of Am. v. Farm Credit Admin., 986 F. Supp.
633, 636 (D.D.C. 1997).




n89  Id.




n90  See id. at 644.




n91  See Independent Bankers Ass'n of Am. v. Farm Credit Admin., 164 F.3d 661,
671 (D.C. Cir. 1999).




n92  See id.




n93  See id.




n94  See id. at 667.




n95  See id. at 671.




n96  See National Agribusiness Trade Credit Program Launched Today: AgSmart
Offers Quick, Easy and Customized Financing Programs, AgSmart Press Release
(Jan. 5, 1998).




n97  See EDS to Provide Comprehensive National Point-of- Sale Financing Program
for Farmers Through the Farm Credit System, AgSmart News Release (Mar. 13,
1998).




n98  See id.




n99  See id.




n100  See Telephone Interview with Lisa Vaughan, Processor Services Analyst,
AgSmart in Plano, Tex. (Sept. 1, 1998).




n101  See EDS to Provide Comprehensive National Point- of-Sale Financing Program
for Farmers Through the Farm Credit System, supra note 97.




n102  See id.




n103  See id.




n104  See id.




n105  See id.




n106  See id.




n107  See Telephone Interview with Lisa Vaughn, supra note 100. The EDS press
release promises approval within 30 minutes. See EDS to Provide Comprehensive
National Point-of-Sale Financing Program for Farmers Through the Farm Credit
System, supra note 97.




n108  See AgSmart, Operating Loan (1998) (pamphlet on file with author).




n109  See id.




n110  See id.




n111  See id.




n112  See id.




n113  See AgSmart, Term Loan/Lease (1998) (pamphlet on file with author).




n114  See id.




n115  See id.




n116  See id.




n117  See id.




n118  See id.




n119  See id.




n120  See id.




n121  AgSmart, Revolving Credit Card (1998) (pamphlet on file with author).




n122  See id.




n123  See id.




n124  See id.




n125  See id.




n126  See id.




n127  See id.




n128  EDS to Provide Comprehensive National Point-of- Sale Financing Program for
Farmers Through the Farm Credit System, supra note 97.




n129  Id.




n130  See 7 U.S.C.  1922 (1994). For a history of the FSA loan programs and
FSA's predecessor agency, Farmers Home Administration, see Curry v. Block, 541
F. Supp. 506 (S.D. Ga. 1982).




n131  U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, Farmers Home Administration: Farm Program
Debt, Delinquencies, and Loan Losses as of June 30, 1989, at 1-3 (1990).




n132  See id. at 2-3.




n133  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 22, at 29.




n134  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 16.




n135  See id. at 19.




n136  See id. See also U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, Farmers Home Administration:
Implications of the Shift from Direct to Guaranteed Farm Loans 2 (1989)
(discussing the progress of FmHA in shifting its lending focus from direct to
guaranteed lending).




n137  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 19.




n138  See id.




n139  Even in good financial times, however, certain groups of farmers may have
difficulty obtaining a farm loan from one of the other traditional lenders.
Marginal operators and beginning farmers frequently lack access to credit, even
when the farm economy as a whole is healthy. See id.




n140  Kilman, supra note 37, at A1.




n141  See Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996, Pub. L. No.
104-127, 110 Stat. 888, 1084-1108.




n142  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999, Pub. L. No. 105-277, 801-808, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) 2681, .




n143  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n144  See 7 U.S.C.  2008(h) (Supp. III 1997).




n145  See id.  2008h(a).




n146  See id.  2008h(b).




n147  See id.




n148  See id.




n149  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999, Pub. L. No. 105-277, 801, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) 2681, .




n150  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n151  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n152  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n153  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n154  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at




n155  Id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n156  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n157  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n158  7 U.S.C.  2008h(c) (Supp. III 1997).




n159  See id.  2008h(c); Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental
Appropriations Act of 1999 801, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.).




n160  See id.  802, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n161  See 7 U.S.C.  1964 (1994 & Supp. III 1997).




n162  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999 802, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n163  See id, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n164  Id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n165  Id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n166  See 7 U.S.C.  1508(n) (Supp. III 1997).




n167  See id.  7333.




n168  See id.  7333(i)(3).




n169  See id.  1508(n), 7333(i)(3).




n170  See id.




n171  See id.




n172  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999, Pub. L. No. 105-277, 803, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) 2681, .




n173  See id.  803, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n174  See id.  803, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n175  See 7 U.S.C.  1922(b).




n176  Id.  1922(b)(1).




n177  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999 804, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n178  Id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n179  7 U.S.C.  1922(a)(2) (1994) (applying to direct and guaranteed operating
loans).




n180  See id.  1941(a)(2).




n181  See id.  2006a.




n182  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999 805, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n183  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n184  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n185  See 7 U.S.C.  1925, 1943.




n186  See id.  1925.




n187  See id.  1943.




n188  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999 806, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n189  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n190  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n191  See id.  806, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n192  See id.  907, 1998 U.S.C.A.A.N. (112 Stat.) at (amending 7 U.S.C.  2001).




n193  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n194  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n195  See 7 U.S.C.  2001(c) (1994).




n196  See 7 U.S.C.A.  2001(c)(3)(C) (West Supp. 1998).




n197  See id.




n198  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999 808, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n199  See generally Jerome M. Stam et al., Life Insurance Company Mortgage
Lending to U.S. Agriculture, Economic Research Serv., USDA, Agric. Econ. Rep.
No. 725 (Dec. 1995). This report provides an excellent analysis of the history
of insurance company lending to the agricultural sector and discusses the
reasons why this lending has declined. See generally id.




n200  See id. at 11.




n201  See id. at 11. In 1986, commercial banks held 13.3% of outstanding
agricultural loans while insurance companies held 11.4%. See id.




n202  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 22, at 27. See also Stam & Ryan, supra note
18, at 16-17.




n203  See generally Stam et al., supra note 199.




n204  See id. at 13-15.




n205  See id. at 13.




n206  See id. These trends all indicate a concern for risk avoidance on the part
of the insurance companies. Apparently, it is assumed that the large volume
agribusiness operations present less risk. However, by so limiting their
agricultural portfolio, both by size and by region, the industry may be
concentrating its interests in a way that would be vulnerable to a shift in
profitability or to weather-related losses in a particular area.




n207  See id. at 17.




n208  See id.




n209  Id.




n210  See id. at 18. The analysis states that most insurance companies would
like more farm business, but have difficulty finding borrowers that meet their
lending requirements. Again, it appears that insurance companies view these
larger loans as a less risky investment than the diversified, smaller loans
characteristic of their portfolios in the past. Time will tell whether this, in
fact, will be the case.




n211  See Dan Looker, Captive Finance Companies, Successful Farming, Feb. 1998,
at 18, 18.




n212  See id.




n213  See id. at 18-19.




n214  See id.




n215  See id.




n216  See id. at 18.




n217  See Ag Services of America, Inc. (last modified Feb. 20, 1999)
<http://www.agservice. com>.




n218  See Letter and Informational Material from Theresa M. Wren, Input Finance
Loan Officer, The Cooperative Finance Association, Inc., to Susan A. Schneider
(Sept. 3, 1998) (on file with the Drake Journal of Agricultural Law). Other
financial services advertised by CFA include: commercial lending for seasonal
and term financing for agri-business operations; production agriculture lending
for producers; equipment leasing; and a full service collection agency and
credit management service. See id. In addition, there is a Specialty Lending
Program that offers "single purpose loans to retail agribusiness that have a
borrowing relationship with another lender." Id. CFA also offers wire transfer
services, commercial paper investment options and letter of credit services. See
id.




n219  See Case Corporation (visited Feb. 20, 1999) <http://www.casecredit.com>;
Case Credit Mission Statement ( v i s i t e d J a n . 2 9 , 1 9 9 9 )
<http://www.casecorp.com/credit/who we are/ page1.html>; Case Credit Private
Label Credit Card (visited Feb. 20, 1999) < h t t p : / / w w w . c a s e c o r
p . com/credit/financial/insurance/page12.html>.




n220  See Deere & Co., 1997 Annual Financial Report 22 (1998).




n221  See John Deere Credit (last modified Jan. 30, 1999) <http://www.deere.com/
jdcredit>; Deere & Co., supra note 220, at 22.




n222  See John Deere Credit, supra note 221; Deere & Co., supra note 220, at 22.




n223  See John Deere Credit, supra note 221; Deere & Co., supra note 220, at 22.




n224  See John Deere Credit, supra note 221; Deere & Co., supra note 220, at 22.




n225  See New Holland Credit Co., Credit Application (1996) (pamphlet on file
with author).




n226  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 19.




n227  See id.




n228  U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, Rural Development: Availability of Capital
for Agriculture, Business, and Infrastructure 2 (1997).


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Sioux County Index-Reporter (Hull, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 1, 2010

Farmers eligible for all types of assistance

BYLINE: Sioux County Index-Reporter staff

LENGTH: 311  words


ORANGE CITY -- State executive director John R. Whitaker has announced that farm
operators in Sioux and O'Brien Counties who have suffered major forage/crop
production and/or physical losses from recent flooding may be eligible for an
emergency loan.

The Farm Service Agency may make an emergency loan to eligible family farmers in
an effort to help them return to normal operations.

Farmers may repair or replace damaged or destroyed physical property, including
essential buildings, fixtures to real estate, livestock or the loss of planted
or unplanted crops. The cost includes clean-up.

Applicants must be unable to obtain credit from other usual sources to qualify
for the Farm Service Agency loan program assistance. The interest rate is 3.75
percent.

Loans may be written up to seven years; however, if the loan is secured only on
crops it must be repaid when the next crop year's income is received. Loans for
real estate fixtures may be scheduled for a repayment of as much as

40 years.

The final application date is April 13, 2011.

For information, call the Sioux County Farm Service Agency at 1 -712-737-4801.

Unemployment Insurance

DES MOINES -- lowans living in Sioux and O'Brien Counties may be eligible for
unemployment assistance benefits under the federal disaster program.

The federal government declared this area as a disaster area in mid-August as a
result of flooding, severe thunderstorms and flooding.

Claims need to be filed by Friday, Sept. 17, according to director of Iowa
Workforce Development Elisabeth Buck.

The benefits cover self-employed workers not usually entitled to unemployment
insurance, including Iowa farmers.

People applying need to present proof of past earnings, such as business records
or bank statements and their most recent tax form at the time the claim is
filed.

For information, call the Orange City IWD office at 1-712-707-9870.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SXC

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2010 Sioux County Index Reporter


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                              June 25, 2010 Friday

Farmers eligible for up to $500,000 in loans to pay for snow damage

BYLINE: Chris Foreman

LENGTH: 276 words


Owners of family farms in Westmoreland, Fayette and Somerset counties are
eligible for as much as $500,000 through a low-interest loan to repair or
replace property damaged during last winter's heavy snowstorms.

The administrator of the Farm Service Agency of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture designated the three counties among 11 in Pennsylvania that were the
hardest hit by blizzards and excessive snow from Jan. 4 through March 8.

"I know there were a number of farms affected that we heard about," said Richard
Lehman, farm loan manager for the Farm Service Agency's Somerset office.

A Fayette County beef cattle farmer whose barn roof collapsed in February
because of excessive snow said Wednesday that he intends to learn more about the
emergency loan. Ray Steyer, of Stewart Township, said he's still waiting to
repair the building because his insurance plan didn't cover the estimated $9,800
in damage.

One of his 50 head of cattle died during the incident, while another one
recovered from an injury, Steyer said.

The entire roof and a portion of one wall must be repaired, he said.

"We've cleared up the debris, but we're still waiting on the repairs," Steyer
said.

Farmers can apply for an emergency loan for up to 100 percent of their property
loss at an interest rate of 3.75 percent. Applicants must have suffered a
physical loss and have been unable to obtain credit from a commercial lender.

The term of the loans will depend on the loan purpose, repayment ability and
available collateral, but cannot exceed 40 years.

Interested farmers should contact Lehman at 6024 Glades Pike, Suite 102,
Somerset, 15701 or call him at 814-445-6174.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 27, 2006 Wednesday

Drought loans being offered to farmers

BYLINE: Karen Vigil, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 232 words


Sep. 27--Farmers who have lost crops to drought conditions in 22 Colorado
counties since Jan. 1 are eligible to apply for low-interest emergency federal
loans.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture is offering the emergency loans to qualified
farm operators who have suffered drought-related losses.

"Eligible farmers have eight months from the date of the declaration (of the
program) to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses, according
to USDA farm loan officer Cheryl D. Bridge.

Bridge said May 2007 would be the final month that farmers may apply for
assistance as part of this particular disaster designation.

USDA also has other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers, including
the Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance and the Noninsured
Crop Disaster Assistance Program.

Farmers may contact their local USDA service centers for further information on
eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and other
programs. In Pueblo, call 543-8386.

Additional information is available online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov .

Copyright (c) 2006, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060927-PB-0927-Drought-loans-being-offered-to-farmers

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2006 The Pueblo Chieftain


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Idaho Falls Post Register

                              June 26, 2015 Friday

Jefferson, Clark declared 'Primary Disaster' areas

BYLINE: POST REGISTER, Writer

LENGTH: 380 words

DATELINE: Idaho Falls, ID


Earlier this week, the U.S. Department of Agriculture designated Clark and
Jefferson counties as primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses
caused by drought.

That brings the brings to 15 the number of Idaho counties with "Primary
Disaster" designations, according to a Department of Agriculture Farm Service
Agency news release.

"An expedited process for drought was introduced in 2012," Idaho state executive
director Mark Samson said in the release. "It occurs when, during the growing
season, any portion of a county meets the D2 (severe drought) drought intensity
value for eight consecutive weeks as reported in the US Drought Monitor. The 15
counties in Idaho that have primary designations fall under this expedited
process."

Also qualifying for natural disaster assistance are farmers and ranchers in the
contiguous counties of Bingham, Bonneville, Butte, Fremont, Lemhi and Madison
counties. Farmers and ranchers in Beaverhead County in Montana also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because the county also is contiguous.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Wednesday,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low-interest emergency loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency, provided
eligibility requirements are met, the release said.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses. The Farm Service
Agency will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into
account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability, the
release said. The agency has a variety of programs, in addition to the emergency
loan program, to help eligible farmers.

Those programs include the Emergency Conservation program, Livestock Forage
Disaster program, Livestock Indemnity program, Emergency Assistance for
Livestock, Honeybees, and Farm-Raised Fish program, and Tree Assistance program.
Interested farmers should contact their local USDA Service Centers for
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures.

Information also is available online at www.disaster.fsa.usda.gov. Contact
Samson or Jeff Mitchell at (208) 378-5650.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            February 9, 2014 Sunday

Farm Briefs for Feb. 9

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 423 words


Funds for parched landscapes and scarce water

DAVIS   Twenty million dollars is available to farmers and ranchers through the
Natural Resource Conservation Service for drought assistance. The deadline is
March 3.

The top priority will go to helping farmers without access to water who need to
protect uncovered soil, such as cover crops, surface roughening, residue
management and mulching.

NRCS can also offer practices such as livestock well development, piping,
troughs and fencing.

Another option is irrigation hardware and irrigation management plans to
optimize efficiency.

USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) is also providing drought assistance through
the Emergency Conservation Program (ECP). Farmers and ranchers can call FSA for
more information.

Farm loss loans

With the Secretary of Agriculture's designation of an emergency in the state of
California, the following counties are eligible for USDA emergency farm loans
due to production loss from drought:

Butte, Colusa, Glenn, Humboldt, Lake, Lassen, Marin, Mendocino, Modoc, Napa,
Nevada Orange, Placer, Plumas, San Mateo, Santa Cruz, Shasta, Sierra, Siskiyou,
Solano, Sonoma, Sutter, Tehama, Trinity, Yolo and Yuba.

Farmers have eight months to apply for the loans to help cover part of their
actual losses.

The loss must be at least 30 percent, farmers must be able to repay the loan and
not be able to get credit elsewhere, including other criteria, 534-0112.

Workshops for growing local food

A workshop on growing food for school gardens will be held from 10 a.m. to 4
p.m. March 1 at the Hooker Oak School Garden, 1238 Arbutus Ave. To register,
http://goo.gl/48lra5.

Feb. 22 will be a workshop on transplanting cool-season plants into a
seed-saving garden, at the Chico Grange seed garden, 2775 Old Nord Ave., 2-4
p.m.

Register here: http://goo.gl/VqMPnl

Visit the website,cultivatingcommunitynv.org , to stay up to date on workshops,
workdays and past workshop resources.

Bird-friendly farming workshop

A free workshop will be held at 9 a.m. Tuesday at Winters Public Library about
bird-friendly farming, including information about the Waterbird Habitat
Enhancement Program (WHEP), through the Natural Resources Conservation Service.

The program offers incentives for staggered draining of winter-flooded fields,
post-harvest residue management, harvesting in late summer/early fall, creating
bird islands and wetland restoration.

The deadline to apply for the program is Feb. 21.

Growers in Butte, Glenn, Colusa, Placer, Sacramento, Sutter, Yolo and Yuba are
eligible.,miglecia@audubon.org .

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: USDA Designates Natural Disaster Areas in 256 Counties in Western and
Southwestern United States Due to Drought, Opening Door to Assistance

LENGTH: 670  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10, 2015 - The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
previously designated natural disaster areas in 256 counties across Arizona,
California, Colorado, Idaho, Kansas, Nevada, Oklahoma, Texas, and Utah due to
drought conditions in 2015. USDA wants to remind producers affected by disaster
that the 2014 Farm Bill, which was signed into law one year ago by President
Obama, has paved the way for qualified farmers and ranchers in affected counties
to apply for a variety of safety net programs and loans.

Farmers and ranchers in designated areas may qualify for low interest emergency
loans through USDA's Farm Service Agency. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. Each loan application is considered on its own
merits and based on the extent of losses, security available and repayment
ability. Visit www.fsa.usda.gov/farmloans to learn more.

In addition to drought, USDA's Farm Service Agency also provides assistance for
natural disaster loses resulting from flood, fire, freeze, tornadoes, pest
infestation, and other calamities. These programs include:

Livestock Indemnity Program, which compensates eligible livestock producers that
have suffered livestock death losses in excess of normal mortality due to
adverse weather. Eligible livestock includes beef cattle, dairy cattle, bison,
poultry, sheep, swine, horses, and other livestock as determined by the
Secretary.
    Livestock Forage Disaster Program compensates eligible livestock producers
that have suffered grazing losses due to drought or fire on publicly managed
land.
    Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honey Bees, & Farm-Raised Fish provides
emergency assistance to eligible producers of livestock, honeybees and farm
-raised fish that have losses due to disease, adverse weather, or other
conditions, such as blizzards and wildfires, as determined by the Secretary of
Agriculture.
    Tree Assistance Program provides financial assistance to qualifying
orchardists and nursery tree growers to replant or rehabilitate eligible trees,
bushes and vines damaged by natural disasters.
    Emergency Conservation Program helps farmers and ranchers to repair damage
to farmlands caused by natural disasters and to help put in place methods for
water conservation during severe drought.
    Emergency Forest Rehabilitation Program helps the owners of non-industrial
private forests restore forest health damaged by natural disasters.

The 2014 Farm Bill also significantly improved the Noninsured Disaster
Assistance Program by giving producers the option to select higher levels of
risk protection for crops and commodities that do not have crop insurance
available. Producers can determine whether Noninsured Disaster Assistance is
available by visiting their local FSA office or using a Web-based tool.

The Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement
each provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief
to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access
to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative
public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made
products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to
help improve quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

To learn more about USDA Farm Service Agency disaster assistance programs, visit
the Farm Service Agency factsheet page at www.fsa.usda.gov/factsheets or contact
your local Farm Service Agency office at http://offices.usda.gov.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 4 Counties in Oregon as Primary Natural Disaster Areas
With Assistance to Producers in Surrounding States

LENGTH: 676  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated four counties in Oregon as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by the recent
drought.


The counties are:


Jackson

Josephine

Klamath

Lake


"Our hearts go out to those Oregon farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Oregon
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Oregon also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Curry

Deschutes

Douglas

Harney

Lane


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in California and Nevada also
qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous.
Those counties are:


California


Del Norte

Modoc

Siskiyou


Nevada


Washoe


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Aug. 14, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.50 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012 and again in 2013.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Governor Cuomo Announces Four Additional Counties Included in Disaster
Declaration to Assist Farmers Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 1345  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document (news) :



  Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced that four additional Upstate counties
have been designated as a natural disaster area by the federal government as a
result of this summer's drought. Jefferson, Lewis, Herkimer, and St. Lawrence
counties have been added due to their reported crop losses, bringing the total
number of counties in New York State severely impacted by the extreme dry
conditions to 51.





 "A strong agricultural industry is critical to this state's economy and this
year's extended period of hot, dry weather has created significant challenges
for New York farmers," Governor Cuomo said. "Stretching from the farthest
corners of Western New York to the North Country and south to Long Island, our
farms are seeing unprecedented crop damage. By designating counties as disaster
areas, our producers will have access to the resources needed to recover and
boost business again."



 The disaster declaration allows eligible farmers to access assistance,
including emergency loans, from the United States Department of Agriculture Farm
Service Agency. A map of the affected counties declared as disaster areas is
available here.



 Disaster declaration is based on reporting of crop loss to the federal Farm
Service Agency and a D3 designation by the U.S. Drought Monitor. At the end of
August, the Governor announced that the federal government had declared 15
counties as primary natural disaster areas and an additional nine counties as
contiguous disaster counties as a result of the drought conditions.



 In August, the Governor announced State Agriculture Commissioner Richard A.
Ball, state lawmakers and other farm leaders would be conducting on-site
assessments of farms affected by the drought, while the state works closely with
Cornell University expert hydrologists and climate professors to help understand
and study the outlook for recovery.



 Following the Governor's announcement, Commissioner Ball toured a number of
dairy, vegetable, Christmas tree farms, and vineyards with representatives from
the New York Farm Bureau, Cornell Cooperative Extension and the regional FSA
offices, along with other state leaders. Tours were conducted in the North
Country, Central New York, Southern Tier, Finger Lakes and Western New York
regions. Losses are estimated to range from 30 to 60 percent, depending on the
crop, and farmers are challenged with additional costs associated with
irrigation and hauling water.



 The primary and contiguous counties included under this designation are:



 Western New York

 Allegany County

 Cattaraugus County

 Chautauqua County

 Erie County

 Niagara County



 Finger Lakes

 Genesee County

 Livingston County

 Monroe County

 Ontario County

 Orleans County

 Seneca County

 Wayne County

 Wyoming County

 Yates County



 Southern Tier

 Broome County

 Chemung County

 Chenango County

 Delaware County

 Schuyler County

 Steuben County

 Tioga County

 Tompkins County



 Central New York

 Cayuga County

 Cortland County

 Onondaga County

 Oswego County

 Madison County



 North Country

 Essex County

 Jefferson County

 Hamilton County

 Lewis County

 St. Lawrence County



 Mohawk Valley

 Fulton County

 Herkimer County

 Montgomery County

 Oneida County

 Otsego County

 Schoharie County



 Capital Region

 Albany County

 Columbia County

 Greene County

 Rensselaer County

 Saratoga County

 Schenectady County

 Warren County

 Washington County



 Hudson Valley

 Dutchess County

 Putnam County

 Westchester County



 Long Island

 Nassau County

 Suffolk County





 Disaster Declaration

 A disaster designation makes farm operators in primary counties and those
counties contiguous eligible to be considered for emergency loans from the FSA,
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the disaster declaration to apply for emergency
loans. The Farm Service Agency considers each emergency loan application based
on the extent of production losses on the farm, and the security and repayment
ability of the operator.



 The FSA fact sheet on the emergency loan options can be found here and
additional assistance for drought-impacted farms can be found here.



 Resources

 The New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets issued a new resource
guide earlier this month to connect farmers with much-needed assistance programs
from federal, state and local agencies.



 The guide provides information on the USDA Disaster Declaration and FSA
emergency loans. It also links farmers to weekly crop progress and condition
reports and resources from Cornell Cooperative Extension, NY FarmNet, and other
organizations related to preventing, preparing for and recovering from
emergencies and disasters, increasing the productivity and financial stability
of a farming operation, and crop insurance.



 The resource guide will be updated as new information becomes available and can
be found here.



 There are also other numerous resources available for farmers affected by the
drought through Cornell Cooperative Extension, the Cornell EDEN program, and NY
FarmNet to assist with forage management and programs and projects to better
prepare the state for future drought.



 State Commissioner Richard A. Ball said, "I saw firsthand how widespread and
devastating the drought has been on farms. We haven't seen conditions this
severe in decades and it is clear our producers and growers will see crop loss
of up to 50 and 60 percent in some regions. Forage, hay, corn, and grain crops
to feed animals over the winter are affected, and farmers are facing additional
costs from having to irrigate and haul water, so it's critical that these
counties be declared as disaster areas so they can apply for the assistance they
may need. We will continue to work with our partners in monitoring the drought
situation and its effect on New York farms in these and our remaining counties
across the State."



 Senate Agriculture Committee Chair Senator Patty Ritchie said, "While recent
weeks have brought increased rainfall to the region I represent, the troubles
farmers are facing due to this summer's drought--namely crop losses and
increased costs--are far from over. In visiting farms and talking with farmers
throughout the past couple months, I've seen and heard firsthand the impact the
dry weather has had. I'm pleased to see additional counties designated as
natural disaster areas, and would like to thank Governor Cuomo and Commissioner
Ball for their work to help our hardworking farmers receive the support they
need to rebound from the drought."



 Assembly Agriculture Committee Chair Bill Magee said, "I appreciate the efforts
of Governor Cuomo and Commissioner Ball, in cooperation with the US Farm Service
Agency, to extend eligibility of drought relief by expanding the disaster
declaration. This help for farmers will aid in recovery efforts and keep our
farms on track for future production, mitigating the effects of what was, in
some counties, severe to extreme drought conditions."



 New York Farm Bureau President Dean Norton said, "This year's drought has been
far reaching. I saw it firsthand as I visited a number of farms with
Commissioner Ball and legislative leaders on a recent tour of hard hit areas.
The additional counties added to the disaster declaration will open up needed
assistance for farms that suffered crop loss, and New York Farm Bureau will
continue to work with the Governor and his administration along with federal
officials to secure the help our family farms need to weather this drought."



 The New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets, along with its Soil
and Water Conservation Districts, Farm Bureau, Cornell Cooperative Extension and
the Cornell EDEN program, recommend that farmers affected by the drought should
continue to document their conditions (pictures and video), and any losses.
Farmers can also file a CCC- 576 (Notice of Loss) with their local USDA Farm
Service Agency.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Governor Cuomo Announces Four Additional Counties Included in Disaster
Declaration to Assist Farmers Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 1345  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document (news) :



  Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced that four additional Upstate counties
have been designated as a natural disaster area by the federal government as a
result of this summer's drought. Jefferson, Lewis, Herkimer, and St. Lawrence
counties have been added due to their reported crop losses, bringing the total
number of counties in New York State severely impacted by the extreme dry
conditions to 51.





 "A strong agricultural industry is critical to this state's economy and this
year's extended period of hot, dry weather has created significant challenges
for New York farmers," Governor Cuomo said. "Stretching from the farthest
corners of Western New York to the North Country and south to Long Island, our
farms are seeing unprecedented crop damage. By designating counties as disaster
areas, our producers will have access to the resources needed to recover and
boost business again."



 The disaster declaration allows eligible farmers to access assistance,
including emergency loans, from the United States Department of Agriculture Farm
Service Agency. A map of the affected counties declared as disaster areas is
available here.



 Disaster declaration is based on reporting of crop loss to the federal Farm
Service Agency and a D3 designation by the U.S. Drought Monitor. At the end of
August, the Governor announced that the federal government had declared 15
counties as primary natural disaster areas and an additional nine counties as
contiguous disaster counties as a result of the drought conditions.



 In August, the Governor announced State Agriculture Commissioner Richard A.
Ball, state lawmakers and other farm leaders would be conducting on-site
assessments of farms affected by the drought, while the state works closely with
Cornell University expert hydrologists and climate professors to help understand
and study the outlook for recovery.



 Following the Governor's announcement, Commissioner Ball toured a number of
dairy, vegetable, Christmas tree farms, and vineyards with representatives from
the New York Farm Bureau, Cornell Cooperative Extension and the regional FSA
offices, along with other state leaders. Tours were conducted in the North
Country, Central New York, Southern Tier, Finger Lakes and Western New York
regions. Losses are estimated to range from 30 to 60 percent, depending on the
crop, and farmers are challenged with additional costs associated with
irrigation and hauling water.



 The primary and contiguous counties included under this designation are:



 Western New York

 Allegany County

 Cattaraugus County

 Chautauqua County

 Erie County

 Niagara County



 Finger Lakes

 Genesee County

 Livingston County

 Monroe County

 Ontario County

 Orleans County

 Seneca County

 Wayne County

 Wyoming County

 Yates County



 Southern Tier

 Broome County

 Chemung County

 Chenango County

 Delaware County

 Schuyler County

 Steuben County

 Tioga County

 Tompkins County



 Central New York

 Cayuga County

 Cortland County

 Onondaga County

 Oswego County

 Madison County



 North Country

 Essex County

 Jefferson County

 Hamilton County

 Lewis County

 St. Lawrence County



 Mohawk Valley

 Fulton County

 Herkimer County

 Montgomery County

 Oneida County

 Otsego County

 Schoharie County



 Capital Region

 Albany County

 Columbia County

 Greene County

 Rensselaer County

 Saratoga County

 Schenectady County

 Warren County

 Washington County



 Hudson Valley

 Dutchess County

 Putnam County

 Westchester County



 Long Island

 Nassau County

 Suffolk County





 Disaster Declaration

 A disaster designation makes farm operators in primary counties and those
counties contiguous eligible to be considered for emergency loans from the FSA,
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the disaster declaration to apply for emergency
loans. The Farm Service Agency considers each emergency loan application based
on the extent of production losses on the farm, and the security and repayment
ability of the operator.



 The FSA fact sheet on the emergency loan options can be found here and
additional assistance for drought-impacted farms can be found here.



 Resources

 The New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets issued a new resource
guide earlier this month to connect farmers with much-needed assistance programs
from federal, state and local agencies.



 The guide provides information on the USDA Disaster Declaration and FSA
emergency loans. It also links farmers to weekly crop progress and condition
reports and resources from Cornell Cooperative Extension, NY FarmNet, and other
organizations related to preventing, preparing for and recovering from
emergencies and disasters, increasing the productivity and financial stability
of a farming operation, and crop insurance.



 The resource guide will be updated as new information becomes available and can
be found here.



 There are also other numerous resources available for farmers affected by the
drought through Cornell Cooperative Extension, the Cornell EDEN program, and NY
FarmNet to assist with forage management and programs and projects to better
prepare the state for future drought.



 State Commissioner Richard A. Ball said, "I saw firsthand how widespread and
devastating the drought has been on farms. We haven't seen conditions this
severe in decades and it is clear our producers and growers will see crop loss
of up to 50 and 60 percent in some regions. Forage, hay, corn, and grain crops
to feed animals over the winter are affected, and farmers are facing additional
costs from having to irrigate and haul water, so it's critical that these
counties be declared as disaster areas so they can apply for the assistance they
may need. We will continue to work with our partners in monitoring the drought
situation and its effect on New York farms in these and our remaining counties
across the State."



 Senate Agriculture Committee Chair Senator Patty Ritchie said, "While recent
weeks have brought increased rainfall to the region I represent, the troubles
farmers are facing due to this summer's drought--namely crop losses and
increased costs--are far from over. In visiting farms and talking with farmers
throughout the past couple months, I've seen and heard firsthand the impact the
dry weather has had. I'm pleased to see additional counties designated as
natural disaster areas, and would like to thank Governor Cuomo and Commissioner
Ball for their work to help our hardworking farmers receive the support they
need to rebound from the drought."



 Assembly Agriculture Committee Chair Bill Magee said, "I appreciate the efforts
of Governor Cuomo and Commissioner Ball, in cooperation with the US Farm Service
Agency, to extend eligibility of drought relief by expanding the disaster
declaration. This help for farmers will aid in recovery efforts and keep our
farms on track for future production, mitigating the effects of what was, in
some counties, severe to extreme drought conditions."



 New York Farm Bureau President Dean Norton said, "This year's drought has been
far reaching. I saw it firsthand as I visited a number of farms with
Commissioner Ball and legislative leaders on a recent tour of hard hit areas.
The additional counties added to the disaster declaration will open up needed
assistance for farms that suffered crop loss, and New York Farm Bureau will
continue to work with the Governor and his administration along with federal
officials to secure the help our family farms need to weather this drought."



 The New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets, along with its Soil
and Water Conservation Districts, Farm Bureau, Cornell Cooperative Extension and
the Cornell EDEN program, recommend that farmers affected by the drought should
continue to document their conditions (pictures and video), and any losses.
Farmers can also file a CCC- 576 (Notice of Loss) with their local USDA Farm
Service Agency.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 4, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 2 Counties in Utah as Primary Natural Disaster Areas With
Assistance to Surrounding States

LENGTH: 728  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated two counties in Utah as primary
natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by the recent drought.


The counties are:


Daggett

Summit


"Our hearts go out to those Utah farmers and ranchers affected by recent natural
disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and I are
committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our nation's
economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and rural
communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Utah producers
that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and natural
disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Utah also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those counties are:


Duchesne

Rich

Uintah
Morgan

Salt Lake

Wasatch


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Colorado and Wyoming also
qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous.
Those counties are:


Colorado
Moffat


Wyoming
Sweetwater

Uinta


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas July 3, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.250 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.



Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 3 Counties in California as Primary Natural Disaster Areas
With Assistance to Producers in Arizona

LENGTH: 731  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated three counties in California as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by the recent
drought.


The counties:


Imperial

Santa Barbara

Ventura


"Our hearts go out to those California farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling California
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in California also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Kern

Los Angeles

Riverside

San Diego
San Luis Obispo





Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Arizona also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Arizona


La Paz Yuma


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas June 19, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.250 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.



Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 3 Counties in Idaho as Primary Natural Disaster Areas With
Assistance to Producers in Surrounding States

LENGTH: 674  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated three counties in Idaho as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by the recent
drought.


The counties are:


Cassia

Gooding

Twin Falls


"Our hearts go out to those Idaho farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Idaho
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Idaho also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those counties are:


Blaine

Jerome

Oneida
Camas

Lincoln

Owyhee
Elmore

Minidoka

Power


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Nevada and Utah also qualify
for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Nevada


Elko
Utah


Box Elder


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Aug. 14, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.50 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012 and again in 2013.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 4 Counties in Texas as Primary Natural Disaster Areas With
Assistance to Producers in Louisiana

LENGTH: 679  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated four counties in Texas as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by the recent
drought.


The counties are:


Panola

Polk

Trinity

Walker


Our hearts go out to those Texas farmers and ranchers affected by recent natural
disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and I are
committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our nation's
economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and rural
communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Texas producers
that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and natural
disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Texas also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those counties are:


Angelina

Harrison

Madison

San Jacinto
Grimes

Houston

Montgomery

Shelby
Hardin

Liberty

Rusk

Tyler


Farmers and ranchers in the following parishes in Louisiana also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
parishes are:


Louisiana


Caddo De Soto


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Sept. 11, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.875 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012 and again in 2013.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Huron Co. receives agricultural disaster designation

BYLINE: Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 303 words


Sept. 18--New federal assistance is available for Ohio agricultural producers in
22 northeastern and southern Ohio counties -- including Huron and Erie counties
-- which experienced crop or production loss due to a recent freeze.

U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) announced Wednesday the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated Ashtabula, Geauga, Jackson,
Lake, Lorain, Portage, and Summit Counties as primary natural disaster counties
after they experienced freezing weather conditions between Jan. 2 and April 17.
The USDA has also designated Ashland, Cuyahoga, Erie, Gallia, Huron, Lawrence,
Mahoning, Medina, Pike, Ross, Scioto, Stark, Trumbull, Vinton, and Wayne
Counties as contiguous disaster counties.

"Ohio producers whose livelihoods are threatened by no fault of their own rely
on the FSA's emergency loan program to manage risk on their farms and continue
to provide a reliable food supply for Ohio and the world," Brown said. "This
federal assistance will help them rebuild and get back on their feet."

With this disaster designation, primary and contiguous counties are eligible to
be considered for assistance from the Farm Service Agency (FSA), including
emergency loans. Eligible farmers have eight months from the date of the
official disaster declaration to apply for emergency loans and can receive
guidance in applying for these loans from their local FSA office.

Brown is the first Ohioan to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in more
than 40 years. In 2014, he was part of the Senate Farm Bill Conference Committee
that successfully negotiated a five-year farm bill that had been stalled for
more than three years.

___ (c)2014 the Norwalk Reflector (Norwalk, Ohio) Visit the Norwalk Reflector
(Norwalk, Ohio) at www.norwalkreflector.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140918-1NW-Huron-Co-receives-agricultural-disaster-designation-0918-20140918

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NW


                     Copyright 2014 Norwalk Reflector, Ohio


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 6, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 2 Counties in Florida as Primary Natural Disaster Areas

LENGTH: 1192 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:


Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated two counties in Florida as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by excessive
rain, high winds, hail, lightning and tornadoes that occurred May 2-5, 2013.

         The counties are:


 Putnam, St. Johns

         "Our hearts go out to those Florida farmers and ranchers affected by
recent natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President
Obama and I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in
our nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers,
and rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Florida
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."

        Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Florida also qualify
for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous.  Those
counties are:

         AlachuaClay DuvalFlaglerMarionVolusia
         All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas June
5, 2013, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible
for low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own
merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity.

         Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include
the Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured
Crop Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local
USDA Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs. Additional information is
also available online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

         Secretary Vilsack also reminds producers that Congress has not funded
the five disaster assistance programs authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill.These are
SURE; the Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP); the Emergency Assistance for
Livestock, Honey Bees, and Farm-Raised Fish (ELAP); the Livestock Forage
Disaster Program (LFP); and the Tree Assistance Program (TAP). Production losses
due to disasters occurring after Sept. 30, 2011, are not eligible for disaster
program coverage.

         FSA news releases are available on FSA's website at www.fsa.usda.gov
via the "Newsroom" link.

       USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint
of discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil
Rights, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC
20250-9410 or call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339
(Local or Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).


     USDA Designates 5 Counties in Arkansas as Primary Natural Disaster Areas
With Assistance to Producers in Surrounding StatesThursday, June 06, 2013 2:53
AMUSDA Designates 5 Counties in Arkansas as Primary Natural Disaster Areas With
Assistance to Producers in Surrounding States

WASHINGTON, June 5, 2013 -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
designated five counties in Arkansas as primary natural disaster areas in two
separate designations due to damages and losses caused by several disasters.

       "Our hearts go out to those Arkansas farmers and ranchers affected by
recent natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President
Obama and I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in
our nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers,
and rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Arkansas
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."

       Designation #1

       USDA has designated four counties in Arkansas as primary natural disaster
areas due to damages and losses caused by frost and freezing temperatures that
occurred April 18-22, 2013.

       The counties are:
 AshleyBentonCalhounWashington
       Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Arkansas also qualify
for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous.  Those
counties are:

       BradleyChicotCrawfordDrewCarrollClevelandDallasMadisonUnionOuachita

       Farmers and ranchers in the following parishes and counties in Louisiana,
Missouri and Oklahoma also qualify for natural disaster assistance because their
counties are contiguous.  Those counties are:

       Louisiana
 Morehouse, Union

      Missouri
 Barry, McDonald

       Oklahoma
 Adair, Delaware

       Designation #2

       USDA has designated Monroe County in Arkansas as a primary natural
disaster area due to damages and losses caused by high winds, hail and a tornado
that occurred April 27, 2013.

       Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Arkansas also qualify
for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous.  Those
counties are:

       ArkansasPhillipsSt. FrancisLeePrairieWoodruff
       All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas June 5,
2013, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own
merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity.

       Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs. Additional information is
also available online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

       Secretary Vilsack also reminds producers that Congress has not funded the
five disaster assistance programs authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill.These are
SURE; the Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP); the Emergency Assistance for
Livestock, Honey Bees, and Farm-Raised Fish (ELAP); the Livestock Forage
Disaster Program (LFP); and the Tree Assistance Program (TAP). Production losses
due to disasters occurring after Sept. 30, 2011, are not eligible for disaster
program coverage.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 4, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 2 Counties in South Dakota as Primary Natural Disaster
Areas With Assistance to Surrounding States

LENGTH: 735  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated two counties in South Dakota as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by the recent
drought.


The counties are:


Bennett

Custer


"Our hearts go out to those South Dakota farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling South Dakota
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in South Dakota also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Fall River

Mellette

Shannon
Jackson

Pennington

Todd


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Nebraska and Wyoming also
qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous.
Those counties are:


Nebraska
Cherry

Sheridan


Wyoming
Niobrara

Weston


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas July 3, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.250 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.



Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Free Press (Kinstin, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Federal aid opened up for farmers in Jones, Onslow counties

BYLINE: Noah Clark, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 270 words


Oct. 13--Farmers in Jones and Onslow counties affected by heavy summer rains are
now eligible for federal loans to help cover the cost of lost crops.

Carlton Grady, farm loan manager with the United States Department of
Agriculture Farm Service Agency, said that on Oct. 1, Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack declared a natural disaster in Jones and Onslow counties.

"It doesn't mean that more counties won't be declared later, but right now those
are the two," he said.

As a result of the secretary's decision, the counties were declared eligible for
federal disaster assistance, including Farm Service Agency loans and emergency
loans.

"Anytime the secretary of agriculture declares a county a disaster area it opens
up the opportunity for farmers to file an application for an emergency loan,"
Grady said.

Grady said the program was also opened up to the adjacent Carteret, Craven,
Duplin, Lenoir and Pender counties.

Grady said the loans are only for farmers who can't get a loan anywhere else.

"If they know that they can borrow the money from a bank or on credit there is
no need for them to call," he said.

Grady said farmers who are eligible for assistance need to set up an appointment
by calling 910 296-2193, Ext. 2. The local Farm Service Agency office is located
at 165 Agriculture Drive, Suite A, Kenansville. The office is open from 8 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday.

Noah Clark can be reached at 252-559-1073 or Noah.Clark@Kinston.com Follow him
on Twitter @nclark763.

___ (c)2014 The Free Press (Kinston, N.C.) Visit The Free Press (Kinston, N.C.)
at www.kinston.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141013-KI-Federal-aid-opened-up-for-farmers-in-Jones-Onslow-counties-1013-2014
1013

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KI


                  Copyright 2014 The Free Press, Kinstin, N.C.


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Free Press (Kinstin, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 10, 2008 Wednesday

BRIEF: Emergency loans available for area farmers

BYLINE: Jon Dawson, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 234 words


Dec. 10--On Oct. 31, U.S. Dept. of Agriculture Secretary Ed Schafer declared
nearly 60 counties in the state of North Carolina a natural disaster area.

This classification was based on damages and losses caused by drought and
extreme heat that occurred during 2008.

As a result of this disaster, 59 primary North Carolina counties -- including
Lenoir, Duplin, Jones and Wayne -- were declared eligible for federal disaster
assistance.

Sue Smithwick, Farm Loan Manager with the Lenoir County Farm Service Agency,
said farmers may apply for emergency loans for physical and production losses.

The deadline for filing an application is July 1.

"Not many have applied in Lenoir County yet, but a lot of farmers are still
picking beans," Smithwick said. "They won't know what their losses are until all
of their crops are in."

For more information, call Smithwick at (252) 523-0524.

Jon Dawson can be reached at (252) 559-1083 or at jdawson@freedomenc.com Check
out his blog at http://jdawson.encblogs.com.

To see more of The Free Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kinston.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081210-KI-BRF-Emergency-loans-available-for-area-farmers-1210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KI


                  Copyright 2008 The Free Press, Kinstin, N.C.


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: USDA Designates 8 Counties in Idaho as Primary Natural Disaster Areas With
Assistance to Producers in Surrounding States

LENGTH: 757  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated eight counties in Idaho as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by the recent
drought.


The counties are:


Ada

Elmore

Gem

Owyhee
Canyon

Fremont

Lemhi

Payette


"Our hearts go out to those Idaho farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Idaho
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Idaho also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those counties are:


Adams

Butte

Custer

Jefferson
Twin Falls

Blaine

Camas

Gooding
Madison

Valley

Boise

Clark
Idaho

Teton

Washington



Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Montana, Nevada, Oregon and
Wyoming also qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties are
contiguous. Those counties are:


Montana
Beaverhead

Gallatin

Madison

Ravalli


Nevada
Elko and Humboldt


Oregon
Malheur


Wyoming
Teton


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas July 31, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.250 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.



Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Superior Express (Nebraska)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 16, 2012

Emergency loans available from FSA for drought loss

BYLINE: The Superior Express staff

LENGTH: 255  words


Farmers in Jewell County, who suffered crop or livestock losses because of the
current drought may now apply for Farm Service Agency (FSA) emergency loans.

Smith, Mitchell, and Republic counties also became eligible under the same
designation. Applications for assistance will be accepted by FSA until April 8,
2013.

Loans covering physical production losses are scheduled for repayment as rapidly
as feasible, consistent with the applicant's reasonable ability to pay. The
current interest rate is 2.25 percent but is subject to monthly changes until
the loan is approved.

FSA loans covering physical losses may be used to replace installations,
equipment, livestock or buildings (including homes), lost through this disaster.

FSA loans covering production losses may be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer,
livestock or to make payments on real estate and chattel debts. Funds can also
be used for other essential operating and living expenses.

To be eligible for an emergency disaster loan, an applicant must be operating a
family size farm or ranch, must be unable to get credit elsewhere and must have
suffered a qualifying physical or production loss from the disaster.

Farmers, who suffered at least a 30 percent reduction to at least one cropping
enterprise, may have a qualifying production loss. Emergency disaster production
loss loans cover 100 percent of qualifying losses.

Farmers and ranchers that think they may be eligible should contact the FSA
County Office in Smith Center or call 785-282-6618 for additional information.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SPX

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 The Superior Express


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Munday Courier (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 9, 2011

Knox County eligible for disaster emergency loans

BYLINE: The Munday Courier staff

LENGTH: 170  words


Archer, Baylor, Clay, Jack, Knox, Montague, Wichita, Wilbarger and Wise Counties
were declared eligible for Farm Service Agency (FSA) disaster emergency loans on
May 27, 2011. Generally, that means that farmers who have lost at least 30
percent of their production due to wildfires that occurred from February 23,
2011 and continuing are eligible for FSA loans. Proceeds from crop insurance are
taken into consideration when determining eligibility.

FSA Farm Loan Manager, Kelley R. Boone, is urging farmers who are interested in
receiving an emergency loan to submit their applications into FSA as soon as
possible. Kelley R. Boone said, "We hope farmers will get their applications in
early rather than waiting until near the deadline, which is January 30, 2012.
The longer they wait, the more chance there is for long delays. If the
applications come in early, we can avoid backlogs and speed up the process."

The FSA office is at 5015 College Dr. Rm 1 in Vernon, TX 76384. The telephone
number is (940) 553-3327 ext 2.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDC

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 The Munday Courier


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Munday Courier (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 7, 2011

FSA ACCEPTING EMERGENCY LOAN APPLICATIONS

BYLINE: The Munday Courier staff

LENGTH: 173  words


Archer, Baylor, Clay, Jack, Knox, Montague, Wichita, Wilbarger and Wise Counties
were declared eligible for Farm Service Agency (FSA) disaster emergency loans on
June 24, 2011. Generally, that means that farmers who have lost at least 30
percent of their production due to drought, excessive heat, high winds and
wildfires January 1, 2011 and continuing are eligible for FSA loans. Proceeds
from crop insurance are taken into consideration when determining eligibility

FSA Farm Loan Manager, Kelley R. Boone, is urging farmers who are interested in
receiving an emergency loan to submit their applications into FSA as soon as
possible. Kelley R. Boone said,"We hope farmers will get their applications in
early rather than waiting until near the deadline, which is February 24, 2012.
The longer they wait, the more chance there is for long delays. If the
applications come in early, we can avoid backlogs and speed up the process."

The FSA office is at 5015 College Dr. Rm 1 in Vernon, TX 76384. The telephone
number is (940) 553-3327 ext 2.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDC

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 The Munday Courier


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Free Press (Kinstin, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 21, 2010 Thursday

Federal assistance for flood damage expands

BYLINE: Sue Book, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 511 words


Oct. 21--Federal disaster relief has expanded to include Jones County and three
other counties that suffered flood damage from the remnants of Tropical Storm
Nicole.

Storm victims in Jones, Pitt, Brunswick and Pender counties could be eligible
for federal low-interest loans or grants to help with repairs and the
replacement of some personal belongings.

"People need help cleaning, repairing and rebuilding their homes and lives,"
Gov. Bev Perdue said in announcing the expanded declaration on Tuesday. "This
financial assistance is a blessing for so many families at a very difficult
time."

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency also announced Tuesday
that the Oct. 14 declaration of disaster from severe storm flooding and
straight-line winds will bring farmers in even more counties relief from crop
losses.

Counties in the primary disaster declaration -- including Craven, Onslow,
Beaufort, Bertie, Hertford and Tyrell -- are also primary counties in the Farm
Service Agency emergency loan program. But it adds another 13 counties --
including Jones, Pamlico, Carteret and Lenoir -- to the farm families eligible
for crop damage and loss emergency loans.

Others qualifying under the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act for
emergency designation M-1942 include Pitt, Washington, Duplin, Pender, Gates,
Hyde, Halifax, Martin and Northampton counties.

Perdue had asked for an expanded declaration for eight additional counties, but
federal officials denied the request for Camden, Martin, New Hanover and
Washington counties, explaining that those areas did not meet the minimum damage
threshold.

The governor has asked N.C. Emergency Management officials to work closely with
FEMA to submit an appeal for the non-declared counties.

Sue Book can be reached at 252-635-5665 or sbook@freedomenc.com

Breakout:

To seek federal assistance from flood damage:

-- General flood victims can call 1-800-621-FEMA to begin the aid application
process that can be continued on the telephone, online at DisasterAssistance.gov
or by going to a FEMA Disaster Assistance Center. FEMA officials said any
designated disaster victim can use any FEMA Disaster Assistance Center to
continue the application process. Centers are now open in Washington, Windsor,
New Bern, Winton, Jacksonville and Columbia. Details about disaster recovery
centers for Jones, Pitt, Brunswick and Pender counties will be made available as
soon as they are finalized.

-- Farmers in eligible counties may apply for assistance at their Farm Service
Agency office. Farmers in Lenoir, Jones and Duplin are eligible for crop damage
and loss emergency loans.

To see more of The Free Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kinston.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101021-KI-Federal-assistance-for-flood-damage-expands-1021-20101021

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KI


                  Copyright 2010 The Free Press, Kinstin, N.C.


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

Farm Loan Pilot Projects

LENGTH: 2033  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


Office of Federal Register, Government of US has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice And Request For Comment.
Summary

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) will conduct pilot projects of limited scope and
duration to evaluate processes and techniques that may improve the efficiency
and effectiveness of the Farm Loan Programs (FLP) real estate loans (also
referred to as "farm ownership loans"), operating loans, emergency loans, and
administrative provisions, as required by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014
Farm Bill). This notice provides an opportunity for the public to provide
comments for FSA to consider for pilot projects. FSA expects to conduct at least
two to three pilot projects.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Background
    FLP Pilot Projects

DATES: Back to Top

We will consider comments that we receive by November 7, 2014.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

We invite you to submit comments on this notice. In your comment, include
volume, date, and page number of this issue of the Federal Register. You may
submit comments by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the online
instructions for submitting comments.
    Mail: Carrie L. Novak, Senior Loan Officer, LMD DAFLP FSA, US Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 0522, Washington, DC 20250-0522.

Comments will be available for viewing online at http://www.regulations.gov. In
addition, comments will be available for public inspection at the above address
during business hours from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except
holidays.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Carrie Novak; phone: (202) 720-1643. Persons with disabilities who require
alternative means for communication of information for this notice (Braille,
large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202)
720-2600 (voice).
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Background Back to Top

FSA makes and services a variety of direct and guaranteed loans to farmers who
are temporarily unable to obtain private commercial credit. FSA also provides
direct loan customers with credit counseling and supervision to enhance their
opportunity for success. FSA loan applicants are often beginning farmers and
socially disadvantaged farmers who do not qualify for conventional loans because
of insufficient net worth or established farmers who have suffered financial
setbacks due to natural disasters or economic downturns. FSA loans are tailored
to a customer's needs and may be used to buy farmland and to finance
agricultural production.

FSA makes direct and guaranteed operating and farm ownership loans to eligible
farmers and ranchers. Under its direct operating loan program, FSA also makes
loans to youths to establish and operate income-producing projects of modest
size in connection with their participation in 4-H clubs, Future Farmers of
America, and similar organizations. Guaranteed loans are made through private
lenders with a guarantee of up to 95 percent of the loss of principal and
interest. Direct and guaranteed operating loans can be used to purchase
livestock, equipment, feed, seed, and other material essential to a farm or
ranch operation.

Direct and guaranteed farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase land,
construct buildings, or make farm improvements. Guaranteed operating and farm
ownership loans may also be used to refinance debt. FSA also provides assistance
to beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers under its Direct
Farm Ownership Down Payment Loan Program, and provides retiring farmers the
opportunity to transfer their land to future generations of farmers and
ranchers.

FSA also targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed operating loan and farm
ownership loan funds to beginning farmers and ranchers and socially
disadvantaged applicants.

Emergency loans are available to established farmers and ranchers who have
suffered losses as a result of a natural disaster or quarantine.
FLP Pilot Projects Back to Top

Section 5302 of the 2014 Farm Bill amends the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act (also known as the CONACT) to provide the Secretary authority to
conduct pilot projects of limited scope and duration to evaluate processes and
techniques that may improve the efficiency and effectiveness of real estate
loans, operating loans, emergency loans, and administrative provisions (7 U.S.C.
1983d). Processes and techniques can be as specific as the manner in which
applications for assistance are submitted (for example, through electronic
submissions), or as broad as more effective methods of outreach on programs for
existing and potential customers.

FSA is constantly identifying ways to improve services and is interested in
hearing what kinds of pilots our customers, stakeholders, and other members of
the public want to see. FSA wants to hear how we can better serve our customers
and understand their needs. The following are examples of initiatives that FSA
has already taken to improve efficiency and effectiveness for FLP.

One way that FSA has made improvements is by expanding credit opportunities for
farmers and ranchers with the Microloan Program. A Microloan is a small direct
farm operating loan with a shortened application process and reduced paperwork.
In addition, modifications were made to the experience requirement to allow for
mentors and apprenticeships. This has already helped farmers.

FSA has recently released a recent package of technology enhancements that
include Web access for handheld and smartphone users, as well as a more
efficient and timely option for receiving news and critical program information.
The technology improvements will allow users of FSA information to gain access
to easy-to-read data, including key features such as loan deficiency payment
rates, posted county prices, FSA news releases and AskFSA, the agency's online
self-help knowledge base.

A recently revised policy allows FSA to issue farm loan guarantees to
nontraditional lenders. A nontraditional lender is one that does not typically
hold deposit accounts and is not subject to oversight and supervision. The most
common nontraditional lenders are those who are funded under the U.S. Department
of Treasury's Community Development Financial Institutions Fund. Nontraditional
lenders can originate, hold and service guaranteed loans. The goal is to improve
and maintain the quality of rural communities. This goal is accomplished by
assisting rural communities, individuals, groups, and support organizations with
viable rural development enterprises. FSA has worked with traditional lenders in
the past, but is now expanding to work with both traditional and nontraditional
lenders.

FSA is currently operating a pilot project in digital signatures. The Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (Pub. L. 106-229) ensures that a
signature, contract, or other record relating to such transaction may not be
denied legal effect, validity, or enforceability solely because it is in
electronic form. It is an FSA policy decision whether a certain electronic
format is practicable for a certain transaction.

This digital signature pilot will allow FSA to evaluate the use of this
available technology, potential cost and time savings, and determine whether it
is practical for FLP and Farm Programs (FP) purposes. This will assist FSA to
develop policy to not only allow the use of digital signatures by FSA officials,
but by producers, FLP applicants, borrowers, and lenders as well. The pilot is
to be conducted in Indiana and Texas; digital signatures are only authorized for
certain FLP and FP documents.

FSA is requesting comments that will be used to develop recommendations for
pilot projects that will meet the intended goals to evaluate processes and
techniques that may improve the efficiency and effectiveness of real estate
loans, operating loans, emergency loans, and administrative provisions. The
pilot projects may diverge from program regulations at 7 CFR parts 761 through
767, but the pilot projects must be consistent with the existing statutory
provisions governing Real Estate Loans, Operating Loans, Emergency Loans, and
Administrative Provisions (see 7 U.S.C. Chapter 50, subchapters I through IV for
the details of these CONACT provisions). For example, a suggestion could be for
projects that provide financial and management assistance to eligible family
farmers for authorized loan purposes. Additional information on FLP policies and
procedures is available in FSA handbooks 1-FLP through 6-FLP at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=lare&topic=hbk.

The following questions provide examples of loan making and servicing concerns
that may be helpful to consider for your comment:

How can FSA better reach and serve veterans, especially returning veterans who
plan to start or return to farming?
    How can FSA encourage lending for urban agriculture?
    What pricing models can be developed or expanded to assist loan officers in
lending to producers who sell traditional and specialty agricultural products at
non-traditional markets?
    What types of borrower training systems can be explored to provide long term
economic benefits to agricultural producers?
    Should FSA explore the use of credit scores for small, streamlined loan
applications?
    Are there alternative lenders and financers (grocery chains, implement and
feed dealers, community development organizations) that could partner and
improve service to joint customers as well as strengthen their own business
needs?
    What type of consulting service could be developed to assist existing
borrowers to be more productive and successful?
    How can the role of a mentor be expanded beyond microloans?
    What are other methods that an applicant can successfully prove experience
and managerial ability?

In your comment it will be most helpful to:

Explain the proposed pilot project in as much detail as possible, including the
issue or concern to be addressed and the intended benefit(s);
    Provide specific examples to illustrate your points;
    Describe whether the project is intended to benefit any particular region,
type of agricultural producer (organic, direct market, wholesale, etc.), or end
customer; and
    Outline any potential costs or costs savings and the basis for the
assumptions.

At the conclusion of the comment period, FSA staff will review and consider all
of the suggestions in the comments.

As required by the 2014 Farm Bill, at least 60 days before initiating a pilot
project, the Secretary will submit notice of the proposed pilot project to the
Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate. FSA will also consider any
feedback provided to the Secretary in response to that notice.

FSA expects to select at least two to three pilot projects. FSA will announce
the pilot projects through news release.

FSA expects that one of the results of the pilot project will help expand
service to underserved producers. For example, in remote areas, such as Indian
Country, distance and travel time make it extremely difficult to establish the
network of contacts essential for effective outreach and to provide technical
assistance. FSA lacks the necessary knowledge and staff resources to overcome
language and cultural barriers for some minority communities and provide
effective outreach and technical assistance. In such situations, partnerships
with local organizations could use existing networks and expertise to provide
effective outreach and technical assistance and expand participation. This is
one example of how FSA may carry out some pilot projects.

In addition to this notice, general information about FSA's administration of
FLP is also available on the FSA Web site at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=fmlp&topic=landing.

Signed on September 30, 2014.

Val Dolcini,

Administrator, Farm Service Agency.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Daily Times-Call (Longmont Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 9, 2013 Wednesday

Weld among Colorado counties placed on latest federal drought-disaster list

BYLINE: John Fryar, Daily Times-Call, Longmont, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 447 words


Jan. 09--U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack issued drought disaster
designations for Weld County and 29 other Colorado counties on Wednesday,
allowing operators of farms in those counties to be considered for assistance
such as emergency low-interest loans.

Vilsack wrote Gov. John Hickenlooper that the 30 counties had suffered severe,
extreme or exceptional drought conditions during the recent growing season.

Farmers and ranchers in 13 other Colorado counties, including Boulder and
Larimer, also can be considered for federal Farm Service Agency assistance
because they're contiguous to one or more of the 30 counties the U.S. Department
of Agriculture has designated as primary natural disaster areas.

Farmers in those counties

who meet federal eligibility requirements have eight months to apply for Farm
Service Agency emergency loans.

Local Farm Service Agency offices -- including one at the Boulder County
Fairgrounds, 9595 Nelson Road, Suite D, Longmont, and one at 4302 W. Ninth
Street Road, Greeley -- can provide drought-affected farmers with more
information, USDA officials said.

According to online information from the USDA and the Farm Service Agency, the
emergency loans can help finance restoration or replacement of essential
property damaged in the drought disaster, to finance production losses to crops
and livestock, to fund essential family living and farm operating expenses, or
to refinance certain debts.

Agricultural producers can borrow up to 100 percent of the actual production or
physical losses, minus any compensation they get from insurance, up to a maximum
of $500,000. Loans for crop, livestock and non-real estate losses are normally
repaid within one to seven years.

U.S. Sens. Mark Udall and Michael Bennet both issued news releases welcoming the
USDA announcement. Both said, though, that the ongoing severe drought shows why
Congress needs to pass a five-year farm bill and renew critical
drought-assistance programs as soon as possible.

Farmers can go to usda.gov/drought for the latest information about USDA's
drought response and assistance programs.

Last year, the USDA issued drought-disaster declarations for 2,245 counties in
39 states, or 71 percent of the United States, officials said.

That included a July 3 designation of all but two Colorado counties as primary
natural disaster areas due to damage and losses caused by drought, excessive
heat and high winds that began Jan. 1 and continued through mid-2012.

John Fryar can be reached at 303-684-5211 or jfryar@times-call.com

___ (c)2013 the Daily Times-Call (Longmont, Colo.) Visit the Daily Times-Call
(Longmont, Colo.) at www.timescall.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130109-1LC-Weld-among-Colorado-counties-placed-on-latest-federal-drought-disas
ter-list-0109-20130109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LC


                        Copyright 2013 Daily Times-Call


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Corsicana Daily Sun (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 21, 2012 Tuesday

Business News

BYLINE: Corsicana Daily Sun, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 896 words


Aug. 21--CORSICANA -- FSA Accepting Emergency Loan Applications

Navarro County was declared eligible for Farm Service Agency (FSA) disaster
emergency loans on July 12, 2012. Generally, that means that farmers who have
lost at least 30 percent of their production due to drought are eligible for FSA
loans. Proceeds from crop insurance are taken into consideration when
determining eligibility.

FSA Farm Loan Manager, Bashir Duale, is urging farmers who are interested in
receiving an emergency loan to submit their applications in early rather than
waiting until near the deadline, which is March 12, 2013. The longer they wait,
the more chance there is for long delays. If the applications come in early, we
can avoid backlogs and speed up the process."

The FSA office is at 1822 FM 66 Suite 100 in Waxahachie. The telephone number is
(972) 937-2660.

Navarro Regional Hospital

With the ringing of the school bell signaling the start a new school year,
organized sports activities aren't far behind. Playing sports is a great way for
your child to have fun, meet friends and stay fit.

Most organized sports leagues require a child to have a pre-participation
physical examination (PPE) prior to participation in junior high and high school
sports, and even some elementary and middle school age leagues. And while many
parents think it may be unnecessary for their healthy child, this physical can
help ensure your child is not only in good shape to play, but also possibly
detect any conditions that may be life threatening.

Your family doctor can conduct PPEs in the office. The goal of the PPE is to
assess your child's general health and current fitness level. But often the
physical can assess and detect health conditions that require immediate
attention, such as:

--Medical or orthopedic problems that predispose the child to injuries

--Existing injuries that may impair the athlete's ability to perform

--Current size and developmental maturation, as well as fitness level

--Congenital anomalies that increase the child's risk of injury

--Poor pre-participation conditioning that may put the child at increased risk

The PPE includes a medical history, sport-specific history and a physical exam.
During the medical history, the doctor will ask you and your child questions
about illnesses and injuries the child may have had, such as asthma or a broken
leg. It's important for your doctor to know about medical problems that run in
the family or any medicines your child takes on a daily basis. For instance, if
a family member has heart trouble, and the child has passed out, felt dizzy or
experienced chest pain in the past while playing sports, this could be a sign
that additional tests may be needed to rule out any congenital issues.

During the physical exam, the doctor or nurse practitioner will:

--measure height and weight

--take blood pressure

--listen to the heart and lungs

--feel the abdomen

--examine the ears, nose, throat and vision

--test strength and flexibility

This routine exam is excellent opportunity for parents to ask questions the
doctor questions about exercise, diet, potential injuries and other health
related issues.

If something is detected

If a health problem is detected, usually your doctor can prescribe medication or
a treatment/therapy that will allow your child to play the sport safely. For
example, for an old injury, the doctor may suggest exercises or physical therapy
to help with full recovery. Other conditions can be treated with medical
intervention, and the child may eventually return to the sport. Other children
can be redirected to different sports where they can have a good and safe
athletic experience. Remember, even if your child is disqualified from
participating in a certain sport, it doesn't mean he or she can't compete in
other sports and experience the benefits of participation.

The typical reasons for participation disqualification include dizziness with
exercise; unfavorable body mass index; high blood pressure; visual defect;
presence of a heart murmur; or a musculoskeletal abnormality.

The importance of a PPE cannot be understated. If your child will be playing a
sport this season, be sure to make an appointment with your doctor early. Having
a clean bill of health will kick off your and your child's sports season on the
right foot.

Learn more at NavarroHospital.com. Click on the "Health Resources" and search
"Sports Safety." If you need a family doctor, visit
NavarroHospital.com/physicians to find one close to you.

Need a back-to-school physical? On a Saturday? We've got you covered. For your
convenience, Dr. Saucedo and Dr. McFadden will be offering back-to-school
physicals in the clinic on Saturday, Aug. 25 from 8:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. by
appointment only. Call (903) 654-3830 today. Dr. Saucedo's office also does
physicals during their regular office hours Monday -- Friday.

Remember that this information is not intended to replace the advice of your
doctor, but rather to increase awareness and help equip patients with
information to facilitate conversations with their physician.

Dr. Joe Saucedo is a member of the medical staff at Navarro Regional Hospital
and board certified by the American Osteopathic Board of Family Physicians.

___ (c)2012 the Corsicana Daily Sun (Corsicana, Texas) Visit the Corsicana Daily
Sun (Corsicana, Texas) at corsicanadailysun.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120821-XQ-Business-News-0821-20120821

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XQ


                       Copyright 2012 Corsicana Daily Sun


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                           September 23, 2016 Friday
                         Worcester Clinton Item Edition

Farmers offered relief through disaster declaration

SECTION: NEWS; 22

LENGTH: 399 words


Local farms have some good news after a bad year.

Under a recent declaration made by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), 11
Massachusetts counties have been designated as primary natural disaster areas,
including Worcester County. The declaration is due to crop losses, particularly
of tree fruits like peaches, caused by frost and freeze occurring between
February and May. The counties with primary disaster designation are Barnstable,
Berkshire, Bristol, Essex, Franklin, Hampden, Hampshire, Middlesex, Norfolk,
Plymouth and Worcester. The counties named as contiguous disaster counties are
Dukes, Nantucket and Suffolk.

This disaster designation makes farms in designated counties eligible for
assistance from the Farm Service Agency (FSA), including emergency loans.

"Massachusetts' diverse agricultural industry has long been a vital part of the
Commonwealth's economy, creating good jobs and providing healthy, local food for
residents," said Governor Charlie Baker. "We appreciate the U.S. Department of
Agriculture taking steps to assist farms across the Commonwealth. I encourage
farmers adversely impacted by this year's extreme weather conditions to explore
the USDA programs and the state's Emergency Drought Loan Fund."

In addition to the designation as primary and contiguous natural disaster areas,
the same 11 counties became eligible for the USDA's Livestock Forage Disaster
Program (LFP) as the result of the ongoing drought. The LFP program provides
compensation to eligible livestock producers who have suffered grazing losses on
pasture land.

"Our livestock and dairy industry is a significant contributor to the state's
economy, contributing over $70 million annually. We appreciate USDA implementing
a program to address this specific sector," said Department of Agricultural
Resources Commissioner John Lebeaux. "In addition to seasonal harvests,
consumers have year-round access to top-quality, Massachusetts-produced dairy
and meat products."

Farmers in the designated counties are urged to contact their local FSA county
offices for more information on the available programs.

Earlier this month, the Baker-Polito Administration announced the launch of the
Massachusetts Drought Emergency Loan Fund, which has the capacity to provide up
to $1 million in micro-loans to family farms and other small businesses affected
by widespread drought conditions in Massachusetts.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      AUGUST 11, 1999 Wednesday SF EDITION

N.J. IS DECLARED A FARM DISASTER AREA FARMERS ARE ELIGIBLE FOR LOW-INTEREST
FEDERAL LOANS. PA. SEEKS SUCH RELIEF

BYLINE: Suzette Parmley, INQUIRER TRENTON BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1138 words

DATELINE: TRENTON


With crop losses spiraling upward and a growing sense of urgency throughout the
region, the U.S. Department of Agriculture yesterday declared New Jersey a farm
disaster area. Farmers in 10 Pennsylvania counties also became eligible for
federal low-interest loans.

The declaration came one week after Gov. Whitman and members of the New Jersey
congressional delegation appealed to U.S. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman for
a statewide disaster designation.

On Monday, Gov. Ridge asked Glickman for the same designation for Pennsylvania.
The state's two Republican senators and the state agriculture secretary met with
farmers near Hershey yesterday, and said they were confident the state would
qualify for federal relief.

"The question is what form is that assistance going to take, and that's really
what the battle is ahead of us," said U.S. Sen. Rick Santorum, who met with the
farmers along with U.S. Sen. Arlen Specter, Pennsylvania Agriculture Secretary
Samuel Hayes Jr., and U.S. Rep. George Gekas (R., Pa.).

Connecticut, Maryland, Ohio and Virginia also are seeking farm-disaster
designations.

While Delaware has not requested the designation, Gov. Thomas Carper declared a
drought emergency Thursday in the northern part of the state, which means
mandatory water-use restrictions are in effect. The southern portion is under a
drought warning, and residents there are being asked to conserve water
voluntarily.

With the growing number of states enduring drought conditions, President Clinton
last week announced the formation of a task force to help coordinate efforts
nationally to tackle the crisis.

"This has been a devastating year for farmers all over the Northeast," Glickman
said while touring a family farm in Romulus, N.Y., where he made yesterday's
declaration. "They've been hit with a double whammy - a horrible drought on top
of record-low farm prices."

Glickman also declared 34 counties in New York agricultural disaster areas
yesterday. The decree also allows farmers in counties bordering on the region to
obtain the emergency low-interest loans. As a result, farmers in 10 Pennsylvania
border counties qualified for drought-relief loans yesterday. The counties on
the list were Bucks, Delaware, Monroe, Northampton, Philadelphia, Pike,
Bradford, Potter, Susquehanna and Tioga.

Last week, Glickman issued a similar declaration for West Virginia, which also
allowed four counties in southwest Pennsylvania - Beaver, Fayette, Greene and
Washington - to qualify.

With the disaster designation, farmers in New Jersey are eligible for assistance
programs under the USDA's Farm Service Agency. They have eight months to apply
for emergency, low-interest loans of up to $500,000 to help cover some of their
production and labor losses.

To be eligible for the loans, farmers must have suffered at least a 30 percent
loss in production in a single crop, be able to repay the loan and any other
loans, be unable to obtain credit elsewhere, and have adequate security.

Of New Jersey's 21 counties, 19 had sufficient production losses to warrant the
designation, according to state officials. Farmers in the two adjoining counties
- Hudson and Union - also are eligible for the loans.

A preliminary assessment by the state Agriculture Department last week estimated
that nearly 406,000 acres on more than 7,000 farms throughout New Jersey had
sustained crop losses of between 30 percent and 100 percent, at a cost exceeding
$80 million.

Assembly Speaker Jack Collins (R., Salem) and Assemblyman Jack Gibson (R.,
Atlantic) said last week that they would introduce legislation in the fall to
provide $15 million in loans and grants to aid New Jersey farmers.

New Jersey's secretary of agriculture, Arthur Brown, said farmers would need
more from the federal government than loans.

"Certainly, I am very happy with the turnaround time to get this request through
because it's extremely important for the agriculture community," Brown said
yesterday. "The loan program is certainly nice and can be utilized by farmers to
a certain extent to restructure their debt. But some are already so heavily in
debt because of two back-to-back drought seasons. For this group, additional
debt is not the answer."

Mike Maccarone, 38, a Swedesboro vegetable farmer, echoed Brown's concerns. The
drought, he said, has nearly wiped him out financially.

Loan assistance "is just not going to do it for a lot of people," Maccarone
said. "It is something, but it is still a loan. You still have to pay it back,
and in years like this, there is no profit to pay it back with."

Maccarone, who farms tomatoes, pickles, peppers, squash and cucumbers on 300
acres, said he had turned a small profit on tomatoes, which came in early - but
that was about it.

"If it wasn't for that, we wouldn't be able to pay our bills," he said. "Squash
and cucumbers didn't sell for anything this year. You can barely give the stuff
away. We've never seen a drought like this - ever."

Whitman yesterday sought help from Congress to include emergency-aid grants for
crop losses in the $7.4 billion Agriculture Department appropriations bill,
which passed the Senate and will be taken up by the House in the fall. The bill
is geared to aid farmers in several mid-Atlantic states but does not include
financial relief for farmers in New Jersey.

"Unfortunately, this traditional disaster assistance cannot adequately respond
to this year's unexpected economic impact on New Jersey's farm families and
agricultural industry," Whitman wrote to House Speaker J. Dennis Hastert (R.,
Ill.).

Democratic Sens. Frank Lautenberg and Robert Torricelli are also appealing to
colleagues in Washington to provide emergency grants for New Jersey in the
federal bill.

Late yesterday, Santorum visited a 600-acre farm in Nockamixon Township, Upper
Bucks County, with State Sen. Joseph Conti (R., Bucks) to make a pitch for
grants and direct cash payments to Pennsylvania farmers.

"Disaster cash assistance is still an open question," Santorum said as a light
rain fell on the withered cornfield where he stood. "I think that we will have a
disaster-assistance bill coming out of Congress that will include money for
low-interest loans, but the last thing Pennsylvania farmers need is more loans."

FOR MORE INFORMATION To qualify for federal assistance, farmers should contact
their regional office of the U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency.
In Burlington, Camden and Ocean Counties, call 609-267-1639. In Cumberland,
Atlantic and Cape May Counties, call 609-205-1225. In Salem and Gloucester
Counties, call 609-769-1126.

* Inquirer staff writer Lacy McCrary and suburban staff writer Melody McDonald
contributed to this article. It also contains information from the Associated
Press.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Lebanon Reporter (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 15, 2015 Saturday

BRIEF: Emergency loans now available for farmers

BYLINE: The Lebanon Reporter, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 174 words


Aug. 15--Boone County has been declared an agriculture disaster area, allowing
farmers to apply for low-cost federal loans that may ease the impact of losses
caused by heavy rains and flooding this year.

The declaration by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack allows farmers in Boone and
87 other counties to obtain low-interest emergency loans.

Boone County was among 53 areas for which Gov. Mike Pence sought the
designation; other counties were included because they are adjacent to
disaster-eligible counties in Illinois, Kentucky, Ohio and Michigan, the USDA
said Wednesday.

"It will be helpful to have additional resources to help farmers during a
difficult time," said Curt Emanuel of the Boone County Extension office.

Farmers here should contact the Parke County Farm Services Agency farm loan
program staff, 765-569-2036, said Brandon Maienbrook, Boone County FSA county
executive director.

___ (c)2015 The Lebanon Reporter (Lebanon, Ind.) Visit The Lebanon Reporter
(Lebanon, Ind.) at www.reporter.net Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150815-IL-BRF-Emergency-loans-now-available-for-farmers-0815-20150815

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IL


                      Copyright 2015 The Lebanon Reporter


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 24 Counties in California as Primary Natural Disaster
Areas With Assistance to Producers in Nevada

LENGTH: 712  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated 24 counties in California as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by the recent
drought.


The counties are:


Alameda

El Dorado

Placer

Solano
Alpine

Glenn

Plumas

Sonoma
Amador

Lake

Sacramento

Sutter
Butte

Marin

San Mateo

Tehama
Colusa

Napa

Santa Cruz

Yolo
Contra Costa

Nevada

Sierra

Yuba


"Our hearts go out to those California farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling California
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in California also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Calaveras

Monterey

San Joaquin

Stanislaus
Lassen

San Benito

Santa Clara

Trinity
Mendocino

San Francisco

Shasta

Tuolumne
Mono





Farmers and ranchers in the following counties and city in Nevada also qualify
for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. They are:


Nevada
Douglas

Washoe

Carson City


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Aug. 21, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.50 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012 and again in 2013.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Braxton Citizens' News (Sutton, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 6, 2012

Farmers and Ranchers urged to record losses from Hurricane Sandy

BYLINE: Braxton Citizens News staff

LENGTH: 716  words


USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) County Executive Director Melodie Bailey urged
farmers and ranchers affected by Hurricane Sandy to keep thorough records of all
losses, including livestock death losses, as well as expenses for such things as
feed purchases and extraordinary costs because of lost supplies and or increased
transportation costs.

FSA recommends that owners and producers record all pertinent information of
natural disaster consequences, including, documentation of the number and kind
of livestock that have died, supplemented if possible by photographs or video
records of ownership and losses.

Dates of death supported by birth recordings or purchase receipts.

Costs of transporting livestock to safergrounds or to move animals to new
pastures, feed purchases if supplies or grazing pastures are destroyed, crop
records, including seed and fertilizer purchases, planting and production
records. Pictures of on-farm storage facilities that were destroyed by wind or
flood waters, evidence of damaged farm land.

Producers with damaged farm land should contact their local FSA office. The
Emergency Conservation Program (ECP) may be able to assist producers who need to
repair farmland or remove debris due to Hurricane Sandy. FSA currently has $15.5
million available for producers in counties that received a Major Disaster
declaration pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency
Assistance Act. Producers located in counties that have not received a Major
Disaster declaration should visit their local FSA office for information on ECP
if funding becomes available in the future.

Producers with private forest land that was damaged should also visit their
local FSA office for information on the Emergency Forest Restoration Program
(EFRP). EFRP provides assistance to landowners of private forest land to help
carry out emergency measures to restore land damaged by a natural disaster.
Currently no funding is available, however, producers should visit their local
FSA office for information if funding becomes available.

USDA's Risk Management Agency reminds producers faced with questions on
prevented planting, replant, or crop losses to contact their crop insurance
agent for more information. Producers who need emergency credit due may receive
assistance through the Emergency Loan Program if they need assistance recovering
from production and physical losses due to natural disasters. Producers are
eligible for these loans as soon as their county is declared a Presidential or
Secretarial disaster county.

Producers are reminded that the USDA's authority to operate the five disaster
assistance programs authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill expired on Sept. 30, 2011.
This includes SURE; the Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP); the Emergency
Assistance for Livestock, Honey Bees, and Farm-Raised Fish (ELAP); the Livestock
Forage Disaster Program (LFP); and the Tree Assistance Program (TAP). Production
losses due to disasters occurring after Sept. 30, 2011, are not eligible for
disaster program coverage.

To deliver assistance to those who need it most, USDA Secretary Vilsack
effectively reduced the interest rate for Emergency Loans in July 2012, while
streamlining the Secretarial disaster designations process, resulting in a
40-percent reduction in processing time for most counties affected by disasters.
Among other administrative actions, USDA has also worked with crop insurance
companies to provide more flexibility to farmers.

USDA will continue working with state and local officials, as well as our
federal partners, to make sure people have the necessary resources to recover
from this challenge.

Crops insured by federal crop insurance or by the Noninsured Disaster Assistance
Program (NAP) are covered when floodwaters have rendered them valueless. USDA
encourages all farmers and ranchers to contact their crop insurance companies
and local USDA Farm Service Agency Service Centers, as applicable, to report
damages to crops or livestock loss. More information about federal crop
insurance may be found atwww.rma.usda.gov. Additional resources to help farmers
and ranchers deal with flooding and other damage may be found at
www.usda.gov/disaster.

To find the USDA Service Center nearest you, please visit http://offices.
sc.egov.usda.gov/locator/

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BRX

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 Braxton Citizens' News


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 4 Counties in Georgia as Primary Natural Disaster Areas

LENGTH: 352  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated four counties in Georgia as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by excessive
rain, high winds and hail that occurred from Feb. 24 - March 24, 2013.


The counties:


Evans

Montgomery

Tattnall

Treutlen


Appling

Candler

Johnson

Long
Bryan

Emanuel

Laurens

Toombs
Bulloch

Jeff Davis

Liberty

Wayne
Wheeler





All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas June 19, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs. Additional information is
also available online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.


Secretary Vilsack also reminds producers that Congress has not funded the five
disaster assistance programs authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill. These are SURE;
the Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP); the Emergency Assistance for Livestock,
Honey Bees, and Farm-Raised Fish (ELAP); the Livestock Forage Disaster Program
(LFP); and the Tree Assistance Program (TAP). Production losses due to disasters
occurring after Sept. 30, 2011, are not eligible for disaster program coverage.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                           September 23, 2016 Friday
                          Worcester TheBanner Edition

Farmers offered assistance through disaster declaration

SECTION: NEWS; 10

LENGTH: 404 words


Local farms have some good news after a bad year.

Under a recent declaration made by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), 11
Massachusetts counties have been designated primary natural disaster areas,
including Worcester County. The declaration is due to crop losses, particularly
of tree fruits such as peaches, caused by frost and freeze occurring between
February and May. The counties with primary disaster designation are Barnstable,
Berkshire, Bristol, Essex, Franklin, Hampden, Hampshire, Middlesex, Norfolk,
Plymouth and Worcester. The counties named as contiguous disaster counties are
Dukes, Nantucket and Suffolk.

This disaster designation makes farms in designated counties eligible for
assistance from the Farm Service Agency (FSA), including emergency loans.

"Massachusetts' diverse agricultural industry has long been a vital part of the
Commonwealth's economy, creating good jobs and providing healthy, local food for
residents," said Governor Charlie Baker. "We appreciate the U.S. Department of
Agriculture taking steps to assist farms across the Commonwealth. I encourage
farmers adversely impacted by this year's extreme weather conditions to explore
the USDA programs and the state's Emergency Drought Loan Fund."

In addition to the designation as primary and contiguous natural disaster areas,
the same 11 counties became eligible for the USDA's Livestock Forage Disaster
Program (LFP) as the result of the ongoing drought. The LFP program provides
compensation to eligible livestock producers who have suffered grazing losses on
pasture land.

"Our livestock and dairy industry is a significant contributor to the state's
economy, contributing over $70 million annually. We appreciate USDA implementing
a program to address this specific sector," said


SEE farmers,  19

Department of Agricultural Resources Commissioner John Lebeaux. "In addition to
seasonal harvests, consumers have year-round access to top-quality,
Massachusetts-produced dairy and meat products."

Farmers in the designated counties are urged to contact their local FSA county
offices for more information on the available programs.

Earlier this month, the Baker-Polito Administration announced the launch of the
Massachusetts Drought Emergency Loan Fund, which has the capacity to provide up
to $1 million in micro-loans to family farms and other small businesses affected
by widespread drought conditions in Massachusetts.

From Page 10

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            March 16, 2011 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

USDA loans cover cold weather losses

SECTION: SOUTH SHORE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 274 words


SOUTH SHORE -- Farmers and ranchers who suffered losses during the frost and
freezes that occurred between Nov. 5 and Dec. 17 can apply for U.S. Department
of Agriculture loans.

The USDA designated 26 Florida counties, including Polk and Manatee, as primary
natural disaster areas. Nineteen more counties - including Hillsborough and
Pasco - also qualify for assistance because they share a border with a primary
disaster area.

Qualified farm operators are eligible for low-interest emergency loans from the
USDA's Farm Service Agency provided certain requirements are met. Farmers and
ranchers have eight months from Jan. 25, the date of the USDA declaration, to
apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses.

The agency considers each loan application on its own merits, taking into
account the extent of losses, available security and repayment ability. In
addition to its emergency loan program, FSA has a variety of programs to help
eligible farmers recover from adversity.

The USDA also has made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program; Emergency Conservation
Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance
Program.

Interested farmers may find information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

For information locally, call (813) 752-1474, Ext. 2 or visit the Hillsborough
County Farm Service Agency at 201 S. Collins St., Suite 201, Plant City.

From staff reports

Copyright © 2011, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 17, 2013 Sunday

BRIEF: Weld, other counties eligible for emergency loans

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 165 words


Feb. 17--U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack this week designated five
Wyoming counties as primary and five contiguous Colorado counties, including
Weld, as natural disaster areas due to a recent drought.

The disaster incident period began June 5.

Other contiguous Colorado disaster counties in this designation include Larimer,
Jackson, Moffat and Routt.

This designation makes all family-sized farm operators in primary and contiguous
counties eligible to be considered for low-interest emergency loans from the
Farm Service Agency, provided eligibility requirements are met.

The FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into
account the extent of losses, security available, repayment ability and other
eligibility requirements.

For more information, call the FSA office in Weld County at (970) 356-8097 ext.
2.

___ (c)2013 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130217-GY-BRF-Weld-other-counties-eligible-for-emergency-loans
-0217-20130217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2013 Greeley Tribune


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 6, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates Gallatin County in Montana as a Primary Natural Disaster
Areas With Assistance to Surrounding States

LENGTH: 680 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated Gallatin County in Montana as a
primary natural disaster area due to damages and losses caused by the recent
drought.


"Our hearts go out to those Montana farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Montana
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Montana also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Broadwater

Jefferson

Madison
Meagher

Park



Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Idaho and Wyoming also qualify
for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Idaho
Fremont


Wyoming
Park, Teton


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas June 5, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.250 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.



Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           February 17, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Loans available for farmers, ranchers

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 277 words


USDA programs offer help if hurt by cold weather

From staff reports

Farmers and ranchers who suffered losses during the frosts and freezes between
Nov. 5 and Dec. 17 can apply for U.S. Department of Agriculture loans.

USDA designated 26 Florida counties, including Polk and Manatee, as primary
natural disaster areas. Nineteen more counties -- including Hillsborough and
Pasco -- qualify for assistance because they share a border with a primary
disaster area.

Qualified farm operators are eligible for low-interest emergency loans from the
USDA's Farm Service Agency provided certain requirements are met. Farmers and
ranchers have eight months from Jan. 25, the date of the USDA declaration, to
apply for loans to help cover part of their losses.

The agency says it considers each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. In
addition to its emergency loan program, the agency has a variety of programs to
help eligible farmers recover from adversity.

USDA also has made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program, the Emergency
Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance and the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program.

Interested farmers can find information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

For information locally, call (813) 752-1474, ext. 2, or visit the Hillsborough
County Farm Service Agency at 201 S. Collins St., Suite 201, Plant City.

Copyright © 2011, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           February 17, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Loans available for farmers, ranchers

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 277 words


USDA programs offer help if hurt by cold weather

From staff reports

Farmers and ranchers who suffered losses during the frosts and freezes between
Nov. 5 and Dec. 17 can apply for U.S. Department of Agriculture loans.

USDA designated 26 Florida counties, including Polk and Manatee, as primary
natural disaster areas. Nineteen more counties -- including Hillsborough and
Pasco -- qualify for assistance because they share a border with a primary
disaster area.

Qualified farm operators are eligible for low-interest emergency loans from the
USDA's Farm Service Agency provided certain requirements are met. Farmers and
ranchers have eight months from Jan. 25, the date of the USDA declaration, to
apply for loans to help cover part of their losses.

The agency says it considers each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. In
addition to its emergency loan program, the agency has a variety of programs to
help eligible farmers recover from adversity.

USDA also has made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program, the Emergency
Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance and the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program.

Interested farmers can find information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

For information locally, call (813) 752-1474, ext. 2, or visit the Hillsborough
County Farm Service Agency at 201 S. Collins St., Suite 201, Plant City.

Copyright © 2011, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            April 19, 2006 Wednesday

Business Briefs

SECTION: BUSN; Pg. B01sc

LENGTH: 630 words


First National Bank opens near New Town First National Bank of St. Louis opened
its newest branch April 11 in the Fountain Lakes Commerce Center, just north of
the Elm Street/New Town Boulevard interchange with Highway 370 in St. Charles.
The full-service New Town branch, which includes four drive-up windows, is the
first of three that the bank plans to open this year in St. Charles County.
"This new branch will provide convenience and service to a growing community,"
Rick Bagy, president and chief operating officer of First National Bank, said in
a news release. First National Bank has 11 locations in the St. Louis area,
including two in O'Fallon. One is at 321 S. Main St. and the other at highways K
and N. Visit www.fnbstl.com

for more information. J Bucks Restaurant opens in O'Fallon J Bucks Restaurant
has opened at 1165 Technology Drive in O'Fallon. The restaurant, next to Country
Inn & Suites, is open Monday through Saturday and offers private dining for
large groups and patio seating. For more information or reservations, call (636)
329-0070. Deadline approaches for emergency loans The last day to apply for Farm
Service Agency emergency loans due to the drought in 2005 is April 24, Bob
Noellsch, farm loan manager for the FSA in St. Charles, Lincoln, Warren and Pike
counties announced. Applications are available at the Farm Service Agency at
1220 S. Business 61 in Bowling Green for physical and production losses caused
by the drought. Loans for physical losses must be used to compensate the farmer
for losses of basic livestock, stored crops or supplies on hand, equipment,
etc., that was lost due to this disaster. Loans for production losses may be
used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer, livestock or to make payments on real estate
or chattel debts. To qualify, a farmer must have suffered a 30 percent loss in
production or an actual physical loss that was essential to the successful
operation of the farm. Emergency loans for actual losses are made at an interest
rate of 3.75 percent to eligible applicants unable to obtain the needed credit
from another source. Deadlines extended for conservation program Deadlines have
been extended for agricultural producers and landowners to enroll highly
erodible and other fragile cropland into the Conservation Reserve Program. The
U.S. Department of Agriculture extended sign-up deadlines until April 28 for
both the CRP general sign-up and REX, the special CRP re-enrollment and
extension initiative. The Conservation Reserve Program is the USDA's largest and
most successful conservation program, Brian Mulherin, executive director of the
St. Charles County Farm Service Agency, said in a news release. CRP general
sign-up is open to all producers and landowners with eligible land. The
re-enrollment and extension initiative is limited to producers who have CRP
contracts expiring Sept. 30, 2007. Both sign-up periods previously were
scheduled to end April 14. "Extending the deadlines will afford producers extra
time to weigh the advantages of enrolling land in the program or make their
contract offers more competitive," Mulherin said. For more information, visit
the Farm Service Agency's Web site at www.fsa.usda.gov or call the FSA's St.
Peters office at (636) 922-2833. Two Allstate agencies earn Honor Ring award
Allstate Insurance Company recently recognized the Hopkins Agency, at 1236
Jungermann Road in St. Peters, and the Scott Palmer Agency, 1388 S. Fifth St. in
St. Charles, for high standards in customer satisfaction, customer retention and
profitability. They now rank among the top Allstate agencies in the nation in
auto, property and commercial insurance and financial service sales, earning
both agencies the Allstate Honor Ring award, according to a news release from
the company.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Daily Times-Call (Longmont Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 3, 2012 Tuesday

U.S. Agriculture secretary issues drought disaster declaration for Colorado
farms

BYLINE: John Fryar, Daily Times-Call, Longmont, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 416 words


July 03--WASHINGTON, D.C. -- U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has issued a
drought disaster designation for 62 of Colorado's 64 counties, making federal
assistance available to at least some of the farmers and ranchers in those
counties.

Vilsack notified Gov. John Hickenlooper of the disaster declaration on Tuesday
morning, according to members of Colorado's congresional delegation.

Vilsack wrote the governor that the U.S. Department of Agriculture has reviewed
loss assessment reports and determined that there were sufficient losses in 62
counties -- all of Colorado's counties except Delta and San Juan -- to qualify
them as "primary natural disaster areas due to losses caused by drought,
excessive heat and high winds that occurred from Jan. 1, 2012 and continuing."

Delta and San Juan counties have been named "contiguous disaster counties."
Vilsack said the disaster designation makes farm operators in both the primary
and contiguous counties eligible to be considered for assistance from the
federal Farm Service Agency, provided other eligibility requirements are met.

That assistance includes emergency loans. Vilsack said farmers in eligible
counties have eight months to apply for that emergency loan assistance. The Farm
Service Agency will consider each emergency loan application on its own merits,
taking into account the extent of production losses, security available and
repayment ability.

"The entire state of Colorado has been severely affected by hot and dry
conditions that have hampered the production of our agricultural producers,"
said U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet. "The designations from USDA will provide
much-needed assistance to farmers to help offset their losses due to drought.
Agriculture is a critical part of Colorado's economy, and these resources will
help producers weather a difficult growing season."

Sen. Mark Udall said, "I am pleased that U.S. Department of Agriculture
Secretary, Tom Vilsack, has granted Governor Hickenlooper's request to designate
eligible counties in Colorado as disaster areas in response to severe drought
conditions across our state."

Udall said, "The losses that face Colorado's agriculture producers are mounting
and now that this declaration has been made, Colorado's farmers and ranchers
will have access to additional resources to get them through these tough times."

___ (c)2012 the Daily Times-Call (Longmont, Colo.) Visit the Daily Times-Call
(Longmont, Colo.) at www.timescall.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120703-1LC-U-S-Agriculture-secretary-issues-drought-disaster-declaration-for-C
olorado-farms-0703-20120703

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LC


                        Copyright 2012 Daily Times-Call


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 15, 2008 Saturday

Farm Brief, Nov. 15, 2008

BYLINE: The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 494 words


Nov. 15--Farm City Week Breakfast

Wilson's Agri-Business Committee and Wilson Chamber of Commerce are hosting this
year's Farm City Week Breakfast at 7:30 a.m. Thursday in the Agricultural
Center.

This year Michael Walden, agricultural and resource economic professor from N.C.
State University, will be the guest speaker.

Sponsors include AgCarolina, The Heritage Bank, Cornerstone Bank, KS Bank, BB&T,
Wachovia and First Citizens Bank.

People interested in attending should RSVP Connie Bailey at 237-0111 by Tuesday.

Farmland preservation workshop

A workshop is planned for Nov. 19 from 1-4 p.m. at the Wilson County
Agricultural Center regarding farmland preservation grants available to
landowners. It is very important that you attend this workshop to obtain your
grant application and the guidelines that apply because the deadline for
submitting these applications is Dec. 5.

Appropriations have been made by the General Assembly to help landowners across
the state reach their goals of preserving working farms and farmland. Staff
members of the N.C. Agricultural Development & Farmland Preservation Trust Fund
will be present to provide information pertaining to the grant applications.

If you have any questions or need additional information, please call Walter
Earle at 237-0111.Secretarial Natural Disaster Designation S-2793

Schafter declares secretarial disaster

On Oct. 31, U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Edward T. Schafer declared
a secretarial disaster for North Carolina counties due to losses that occurred
from drought and extreme heat conditions Jan. 1.

As a result of this disaster, 59 primary counties and 37 contiguous counties in
North Carolina were declared eligible for assistance from USDA-Farm Service
Agency that includes Farm Service Agency Emergency Loans for eligible family
farmers and the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program. Wilson County is one of
the 59 primary declared disaster counties eligible for Federal assistance.

John David McBryde II, Wilson County FSA Executive Director, said that effective
Oct. 31; farmers in Wilson County may apply for emergency loans for physical and
production losses directly caused from this disaster. Emergency loan
applications will be accepted through July 1, 2009.

For more information, contact Charles Walls, Jr., Farm Loan Officer for the
Wilson County Farm Service Agency at 252-237-5147, ext.2 or visit the Wilson
County Farm Service Agency Office located at 1806 Goldsboro St., SW, Wilson,
N.C. 27893 between normal business hours of 7:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.

To see more of The Wilson Daily Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.wilsondaily.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081115-ZW-Farm-Brief-Nov-15-2008-1115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                                 Copyright 2008


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          February 24, 1982 Wednesday

2 programs to aid farmers   bog down in paperwork

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 712 words


By  OLIVER BERTIN
   Two of the four emergency programs made available to Ontario farmers in
 financial distress are bogged down in paperwork.

The Small Business Bond Program has assisted only a handful of farmers
 since it was announced in the November federal budget and fewer than 40
 have been helped by the $60-million Ontario Farm Adjustment Assistance
 Program, announced Jan. 4.
    "The farmers need money damn soon," said William Hamilton, associate
 executive secretary of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture. "They need
 to get their seeds in the ground. We're not getting much action."
    S. Veeraraghavan,
  director of research for the Ontario Federation of Agriculture, said:
 "This is a matter of great concern. Revenue Canada appears to be taking
 their time (clarifying the SBB provisions). We can't be waiting for them
 to drag their feet."
    In contrast, the two other programs available in Ontario have paid out
 almost all the money allotted to them. The federal Farm Credit Corp. has
 given so much financial assistance to farmers that it expects to run out
 of funds by the end of the fiscal year, March 31. The Ontario Beef
 Assistance Program has spent $52-million of a projected $57-million.

The SBB program - a $28-million federal loan scheme - has been held up
 for more than three months while the banks and the federal Department of
 National Revenue clarify the terms of the program.

F. A. Droppo of the Canadian Bankers Association said only two
 questions remain to be answered - the provisions dealing with partnerships
 and those contained in a section yet to be changed.

Mr. Droppo did not consider them to be important, but said "we can't
 tell until we see the changes."
    The banks are currently explaining the complexities of the SBB program
 to their rural bank managers so they can begin to handle clients.

Mr. Droppo said the banks have started to issue loans under the SBB
 program but he could not say how many had been granted or what proportion
 went to farmers. He said all major banks are taking part in the program
 despite reports to the contrary.

The Ontario farm assistance program has also been delayed, but general
 manager David George said he is pleased with the progress to date.
    "We're getting two or three applications every day and we expect the
 volume to increase. March to April will be a very busy time."
    This program provides a variety of loans to farmers who are in
 economically viable situations but are in temporary distress.

He said the office has issued 800 applications to seriously interested
 farmers. Many are actively pursuing the grant and are meeting their
 bankers and chartered accountants. However, he said only 40 farmers have
 met their case committees so far.

To qualify for this program, a farmer must meet a committee composed of
 his bank manager and a government representative. If it is approved by the
 committee, the case is sent to Queen's Park for approval.

Applications are coming in slowly, Mr. George said, because applicants
 must complete their 1981 financial statements and their proposed budgets
 for 1982 before meeting the committee. Moreover, many rural chartered
 accountants are gearing up for the annual rush of tax returns and have
 little time for coping with the farmers' additional needs.
    "We were hoping for more applications in head office but it is taking
 some time for farmers to put together their operations package," Mr.
 George said.

Henry Ediger, general manager of the Ontario Stabilization Commission,
 said he expects to fully disburse the $57-million allotted to the Beef
 Assistance Program by late March.

The Farm Credit Corp. was given an emergency budget of $45.4-million in
 the November budget and has already paid out $28.4-million - largely to
 refinance farmers who have been refused loans by commercial banks.

Marshall Stachniak, FCC director of research, said the Crown agency had
 made 221 loans by Feb. 15 under the emergency program and expects to make
 another 163 before the money runs out. The average loan was $128,500.

However, he expects another $13-million will become available by March
 31 and the funds will be diverted to the emergency program. Under the FCC
 regular program, he expects to approve about 4,500 loans totalling $389-
 million in the 1981-82 fiscal year.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           January 30, 2014 Thursday

Drought assistance available for farmers, ranchers

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 689 words


WASHINGTON >> U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich and U.S. Reps. Steve
Pearce, Ben Ray Lujcn, and Michelle Lujan Grisham announced that 27 counties in
New Mexico will qualify for emergency loan assistance from the Farm Service
Agency (FSA) due to losses caused by the ongoing drought. A full list of
counties is included below.

The designation makes producers, farmers and ranchers in these counties eligible
for Farm Service Agency (FSA) emergency loans, provided eligibility requirements
are met. Funds are available for up to a maximum of $500,000 and may be used to
restore or replace essential property; pay all or part of production costs
associated with the disaster year; pay essential family living expenses;
reorganize the farming operation; and refinance certain debts.

The counties were declared by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) as
"primary natural disaster areas" after suffering from droughts of severe,
extreme and exceptional intensity during the growing season for eight or more
consecutive weeks; or as "contiguous counties" because of they were nearby and
considered to face similar circumstances. "New Mexico farmers and ranchers
continue to face great challenges due to the prolonged drought and I am glad the
USDA continues to recognize the need for federal disaster assistance in our
affected counties," Udall said. "We need to do all we can to support farm
operators, especially in rural communities, who continue to be devastated by
consecutive years of drought. Assistance like the FSA's emergency loan program
is one important way we can do this. As a member of the Senate Appropriations
Committee, I'm proud to fight for the emergency assistance for farmers and
ranchers, along with many other resources for our agricultural community."

"Farmers and ranchers help drive the economy and have shaped our state's
history, as many growers in New Mexico come from families that have cultivated
land for generations," Heinrich said. "These disaster declarations are a good
first step to ensure they receive the necessary federal resources they need to
recover from last year's natural disasters."

"Agriculture is a vital part of New Mexico's economy, and this year's drought
has imposed enormous hardships on our farmers and ranchers," Pearce said.
"Today's announcement was the right decision, and will provide much-needed
relief. I look forward to continuing to work closely with farmers and ranchers
across southern New Mexico to make sure that they receive the support and
resources they need."

"Severe drought conditions across New Mexico are leaving farmers and ranchers
throughout the state struggling, impacting their livelihoods as well as our
economy," Lujcn said. "The disaster declaration by the Secretary of Agriculture
will make important resources available to help farmers make ends meet during
this difficult time. It is also vital that Congress completes work on a new farm
bill that takes steps to help farmers and ranchers better endure severe drought
conditions."

"As years of severe drought continue to inflict harm on New Mexico's farmers and
ranchers as well as our economy, it is important that we employ every tool
possible to support those who are struggling due to factors completely outside
of their control," Lujan Grisham said. "This federal disaster declaration will
allow our state's farm operators to get the assistance they need. As a member of
the House Agriculture Committee, I will continue working to pass a farm bill
that includes crucial programs to support farmers and ranchers suffering from
drought and natural disasters."

Through the FSA emergency loan program, farm operators can borrow up to 100
percent of actual production or physical losses. To qualify, they must have
suffered at least a 30 percent loss in crop production or a physical loss to
livestock, livestock products, real estate or chattel property.

Farm operators have eight months following the date of the disaster declaration
to apply and are encouraged to do so through their local Farm Service Agency
office. For a list of offices by county in New Mexico, click here or call
505-761-4900.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Washington: CED Comments

LENGTH: 1232  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 The weather as of late has given us hints of spring followed by the occasional
reminder that the winter hold does not want to let go.  Fieldwork has started in
some areas and it will not be long before things are green and lush.  The
Douglas County FSA Office invites you to complete your business within the
office NOW when you have time.  Our hope is that this will keep you in the field
when you need to be later this spring.





 Final Planting Dates



 All producers are encouraged to contact their local FSA office for more
information on the final planting date for specific crops. The final planting
dates vary by crop, planting period and county so please contact your local FSA
office for a list of county-specific planting deadlines. The timely planting of
a crop, by the final planting date, may prevent loss of program benefits.



 Farm Service Agency (FSA) and Risk Management Agency (RMA) to Prevent Fraud,
Waste, and Abuse



 FSA supports the RMA in the prevention of fraud, waste and abuse of the Federal
Crop Insurance Program. FSA has been, and will continue to, assist RMA and
insurance providers by monitoring crop conditions throughout the growing season.
FSA will continue to refer all suspected cases of fraud, waste and abuse
directly to RMA. Producers can report suspected cases to the county office
staff, the RMA office, or the Office of the Inspector General.



 ARC- County Payments by Physical Location County



 Producers with out of county land administered in Douglas County have until
April 15, 2016 to decide if they wish to have their 2014 and/or 2015
Agricultural Risk Coverage-County (ARC-CO) payments recalculated based on the
physical location county rates.   Form CCC-861-A would need to be signed by all
producers with an interest in the base acres on the farm by April 15, 2016.



 If you have purchased any land, please update our records in the Douglas County
Office.  Landowners and producers are also asked to inform the Douglas County
Office of any change in operator(s) on their farm(s). Producers who may have
transferred their land into a trust also need to report this ownership change to
the FSA County Office



 Please be safe this spring.  We want the opportunity to be able to work with
you for years to come.  Take the time to enjoy the wonderful occupation you all
are part of.  Thank you all for what you do each and every day.



 Steve Frericks

 Douglas County FSA CED



 USDA Removes Farm Program Payments to Managers Not Actively Engaged in Farming



 USDA finalized a rule to ensure that farm safety-net payments are issued only
to active managers of farms that operate as joint ventures or general
partnerships, consistent with the direction and authority provide by Congress in
the 2014 Farm Bill. The action, which exempts family farm operations, closes a
loophole where individuals who were not actively part of farm management still
received payments.



 Since 1987, the broad definition of "actively engaged" resulted in some general
partnerships and joint ventures adding managers to the farming operation,
qualifying for more payments, that did not substantially contribute to
management. The rule applies to operations seeking more than one farm manager,
and requires measureable, documented hours and key management activities each
year. Some operations of certain sizes and complexity may be allowed up to three
qualifying managers under limited conditions. The changes apply to payments for
2016 and subsequent crop years for Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC) and Price
Loss Coverage (PLC) Programs, Loan Deficiency Payments (LDP) and Marketing Loan
Gains (MLG) realized via the Marketing Assistance Loan program.



 As required by Congress, the new rule does not apply to family farms, or change
regulations related to contributions of land, capital, equipment, or labor. The
changes go into effect for the 2016 crop year for most farms. Farms that have
already planted fall crops for 2016 have until the 2017 crop year to comply. For
more details, producers are encouraged to consult their local Farm Service
Agency office.



 Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybee, and Farm-Raised Fish Program
(ELAP)



 The Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees and Farm-Raised Fish Program
(ELAP) provides emergency assistance to eligible livestock, honeybee, and farm
-raised fish producers who have losses due to disease, adverse weather or other
conditions, such as blizzards and wildfires, not covered by other agricultural
disaster assistance programs.



 Eligible livestock losses include grazing losses not covered under the
Livestock Forage Disaster Program (LFP), loss of purchased feed and/or
mechanically harvested feed due to an eligible adverse weather event, additional
cost of transporting water because of an eligible drought and additional cost
associated with gathering livestock to treat for cattle tick fever.



 Eligible honeybee losses include loss of purchased feed due to an eligible
adverse weather event, cost of additional feed purchased above normal quantities
due to an eligible adverse weather condition, colony losses in excess of normal
mortality due to an eligible weather event or loss condition, including CCD, and
hive losses due to eligible adverse weather.



 Eligible farm-raised fish losses include death losses in excess of normal
mortality and/or loss of purchased feed due to an eligible adverse weather
event.



 Producers who suffer eligible livestock, honeybee, or farm-raised fish losses
from October 1, 2015 to September 30, 2016 must file:



 o             A notice of loss the earlier of 30 calendar days of when the loss
is apparent or by November 1, 2016



 o             An application for payment by November 1, 2016



 The Farm Bill caps ELAP disaster funding at $20 million per federal fiscal
year.



 The following ELAP Fact Sheets (by topic) are available online:



 o             ELAP for Farm-Raised Fish Fact Sheet



 o             ELAP for Livestock Fact Sheet



 o             ELAP for Honeybees Fact Sheet



 To view these and other FSA program fact sheets, visit the FSA fact sheet web
page at www.fsa.usda.gov/factsheets.



 Guaranteed Loan Program



 FSA guaranteed loans allow lenders to provide agricultural credit to farmers
who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting criteria. Farmers and ranchers
apply for a guaranteed loan through a lender, and the lender arranges for the
guarantee. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal and
interest on a loan. Guaranteed loans can be used for both farm ownership and
operating purposes.



 Guaranteed farm ownership loans can be used to purchase farmland, construct or
repair buildings, develop farmland to promote soil and water conservation or to
refinance debt.



 Guaranteed operating loans can be used to purchase livestock, farm equipment,
feed, seed, fuel, farm chemicals, insurance and other operating expenses.



 FSA can guarantee farm ownership and operating loans up to $1,399,000.
Repayment terms vary depending on the type of loan, collateral and the
producer's ability to repay the loan. Operating loans are normally repaid within
seven years and farm ownership loans are not to exceed 40 years.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 4, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 14 Counties in Colorado as Primary Natural Disaster Areas
With Assistance to Surrounding States

LENGTH: 781  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated 14 counties in Colorado as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by the recent
drought.


The counties are:


Alamosa

Gunnison

Moffat

Rio Grande
Conejos

Jackson

Montrose

Routt
Delta

Jefferson

Rio Blanco

Saguache
Garfield

Mesa




"Our hearts go out to those Colorado farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Colorado
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Colorado also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Adams

Clear Creek

Fremont

Mineral
Arapahoe

Costilla

Gilpin

Ouray
Archuleta

Custer

Grand

Park
Boulder

Denver

Hinsdale

Pitkin
Broomfield

Douglas

Huerfano

San Miguel
Chaffee

Eagle

Larimer

Teller


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in New Mexico, Utah and Wyoming
also qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties are
contiguous. Those counties are:


New Mexico
Rio Arriba

Taos


Utah
Daggett

Grand

San Juan

Uintah


Wyoming
Albany

Carbon

Sweetwater


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas July 3, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


The Obama Administration remains committed to helping the thousands of farm
families and businesses struggling with natural disasters. Actions taken by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2012 to provide assistance to producers
impacted by the drought included:

Extended emergency grazing on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres, freeing
up a record 2.8 million acres and as much as $200 million in forage and feed for
ranchers during a challenging time.

Purchased $170 million of pork, lamb, chicken, and catfish for federal food
nutrition assistance programs, including food banks, to help relieve pressure on
American livestock producers and bring the nation's meat supply in line with
demand.

Reduced the emergency loan rate, from 3.75 percent to 2.250 percent, as well as
making emergency loans available earlier in the season.

Allowing haying or grazing of cover crops without impacting the insurability of
planted 2013 spring crops.

USDA worked with crop insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers, and
one-third of all policyholders took advantage of the extended payment period.

Authorized $16 million in existing funds from the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program (WHIP) and Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to target
states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought.

Transferred $14 million in unobligated program funds into the Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland
damaged by natural disasters and for carrying out emergency water conservation
measures in periods of severe drought.

Authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP) easement areas
in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent with
conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Lowered the penalty on CRP acres used for emergency haying or grazing, from 25
percent to 10 percent in 2012.

Simplified the Secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it
takes to designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.



Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Middlesboro Daily News, Ky.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 15, 2010 Wednesday

FSA offers help to local farmers

BYLINE: Lorie Settles, Middlesboro Daily News, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 264 words


Dec. 15--BELL COUNTY -- Bell County farmers may be eligible for emergency loans
from the Farm Service Agency, a division of the United State Department of
Agriculture (USDA).

In response to the drought and excessive heat of this past summer, 28 Tennessee
counties, and four Kentucky counties that border the state of Tennessee have
been declared disaster areas.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has added Bell, Calloway, Graves, and Whitley
counties to the list of those in Tennessee, including Claiborne, where farmers
can apply for emergency loan assistance pursuant to Section 321(a) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act.

Emergency loan applications for physical and production losses will be received
through August 8th, 2011, and applications pending on that date may be processed
and completed.

Farmers interested in applying for assistance should contact their local FSA
county office.

In Kentucky, the nearest office to Bell County is in Barbourville:

Knox County Farm Service Agency

34 Spring Ave.

Barbourville, KY 40906-1343

(606) 546-3373

(606) 546-4551 Fax

In Claiborne County, contact:

Claiborne/Union County Farm Service Agency

2178 Highway 25E

Tazewell, TN 37879-3823

(888) 257-1245

(423) 626-3811

(423) 626-9036 Fax

To see more of the Middlesboro Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.middlesborodailynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Middlesboro Daily
News, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101215-MH-FSA-offers-help-to-local-farmers-1215-20101215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MH


                                 Copyright 2010


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 17, 2014 Thursday

Minnesota: Rock County Receives USDA Disaster Declaration Following Flooding

LENGTH: 287  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Office of the Governor, The State of Minnesota has issued the following press
release:


Today, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) designated Rock
County, Minnesota, as a primary natural disaster area. USDA Secretary Tom
Vilsack made the declaration in a letter to Governor Mark Dayton this morning,
noting that based on the Department's Loss Assessment Report, recent flooding
caused "sufficient production losses to warrant a Secretarial natural disaster
declaration."

Minnesota Agriculture Commissioner Dave Frederickson today thanked Secretary
Vilsack, and pledged the state's continued support to Rock County communities
and farmers affected by this summer's widespread flooding.



"This federal assistance is urgently needed, and greatly appreciated," said
Commissioner Frederickson. "I thank Secretary Vilsack for his quick action on
this matter. Working with the federal government, we will continue doing
everything possible to help Minnesotans return their lives, farms, and
communities to normalcy after this summer's flooding."

A Secretarial disaster designation makes farm operators in primary counties and
those counties contiguous to such primary counties eligible to be considered for
certain assistance from the Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided eligibility
requirements are met. This assistance includes FSA emergency loans.

Farmers in Rock County have 8 months from the date of a Secretarial disaster
declaration to apply for emergency loans. FSA considers each emergency loan
application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of production
losses on the farm, and the security and repayment ability of the operator.

For further information please visit: http://mn.gov/governor/

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Farmers Independent (Bagley, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 4, 2015

Four counties named Disaster Areas;
Clearwater is contiguous so aid offered by USDA

BYLINE: Farmers Independent staff

LENGTH: 297  words


WASHINGTON (Oct. 28) -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated
Hubbard, Morrison, Todd and Wadena counties in Minnesota as primary natural
disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by winterkill that Recurred from
April 25, 2015, through Sept. 10, 2015. j Farmers and ranchers in the following
counties in Minnesota also qualify for Natural disaster assistance because their
counties are contiguous. Those counties are: Becker, Beltrami, Benton, Cass,
Clearwater, Crow Wing, Douglas, Mille Lacs, Otter Tail and Stearns.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas on Oct. 28,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

Other FSA programs that can provide assistance, but do not require a disaster
declaration, include the Emergency Conservation Program, The Livestock Forage
Disaster Program, the Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency Assistance for
Livestock, Honeybees, and Farm-Raised Fish Program, and the Tree Assistance
Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for
further information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for
these and other programs. Additional information is also available online at
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FRM

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Farmers Independent


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               The Herald Independent (Winnsboro, South Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 31, 2015 Saturday

Fairfield declared disaster area

BYLINE: The Herald Independent, Winnsboro, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 337 words


Oct. 31--COLUMBIA -- Fairfield County is one of 29 counties that has been
designated as a primary natural disaster areas after the U.S. Department of
Agriculture determined sufficient production losses had occurred due to heavy
rains and flooding.

Gov. Nikki Haley requested the disaster designation in an Oct. 19 letter. U.S.
Department of Agriculture Secretary Thomas J. Vilsack issued the disaster
designation for counties in South Carolina.

A secretarial disaster designation makes farm operators in primary counties and
those counties contiguous to primary counties eligible to be considered for
certain assistance from Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided eligibility
requirements are met.

This assistance includes FSA emergency loans. Farmers in eligible counties,
which include both primary and contiguous counties, have eight months from the
date of a secretarial disaster declaration to apply for emergency loans. FSA
considers each emergency loan application on its own merits, taking into account
the extent of production losses on the farm, and the security and repayment
ability of the operator.

Local FSA offices, administered by the S.C. State Executive Director of the Farm
Service Agency, can provide affected farmers with further information.

In addition to Fairfield County, the following 28 counties were also designated
as primary natural disaster areas:

Aiken, Allendale, Bamberg, Barnwell, Berkeley, Calhoun, Chester, Clarendon,
Colleton, Darlington, Dillon, Dorchester, Edgefield, Florence, Georgetown,
Horry, Kershaw, Lancaster, Laurens, Lee, Lexington, Marion, Newberry,
Orangeburg, Richland, Saluda, Sumter and Williamsburg.

The following counties have been named as contiguous disaster counties:
Abbeville, Anderson, Beaufort, Charleston, Chesterfield, Greenville, Greenwood,
Hampton, McCormick, Marlboro, Spartanburg, Union and York.

___ (c)2015 The Herald Independent (Winnsboro, S.C.) Visit The Herald
Independent (Winnsboro, S.C.) at www.heraldindependent.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151031-1WN-Fairfield-declared-disaster-area-1031-20151031

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WN


                     Copyright 2015 The Herald Independent


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Valley News & Views

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 5, 2009

Pembina County Farmers Now Eligible for USDA Disaster Emergency Loans

BYLINE: Valley News & Views staff

LENGTH: 220  words


Farmers in Pembina County who sufferedphysical and production losses due to
multiple disasters including frosts, drought, and general lack of timely
precipitation, high temperatures, insect and disease pressure, heavy rainfall,
overland flooding, hail and high winds that occurred January 1, 200 and
continuing may now apply for Farm Service Agency Emergency Loans, FarmLoan
Manager, Curt Thoreson, stated January 28th.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months. For Pembina County
farmers this means the deadline for applications to be filed is August 31, 2009.

Although the authority for Emergency Loan processing has been given, all
potential

EM loan applicants must be aware that they will be unable to complete an
application for loan processing until after all information for their farm
operation pertaining to actual production losses, disaster payments to crop
insurance benefits, and to any other crop production compensation is available
and can be documented.

FLM Thoreson said farmers who suffered a qualifying loss (at least 30% from
normal) and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for reduced interest
loans to cover 100% of their losses. The loans carry a 3.75 percent interest
rate.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA County
Office at Cavalier, ND.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VNV

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2009 Valley News & Views


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   December 7, 2002 Saturday Michigan Edition

Deadline near for livestock program;
Indiana, southwest Michigan producers eligible for millions in federal
assistance

BYLINE: By WAYNE FALDA; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B10; FOCUS ON FARMING

LENGTH: 716 words


SOUTH BEND -- The summer drought is not over yet -- at least in the local
offices of the federal Farm Service Agency.

December's cold, ice and snow have dimmed memories of the August heat. But in
local FSA offices, staff members are busy processing applications from farmers
who are availing themselves of a variety of U.S. Department of Agriculture
drought programs designed to defray various financial losses.

The hottest program going right now is the livestock compensation program for
grazing animals. Just for simply having grazing animals like cattle, sheep and
goats last summer, people will be compensated by the federal government.The Dec.
13 enrollment deadline is less than a week away. FSA officials have been busy
taking applications in the last few weeks.

"We definitely want to reach out to everyone who could possibly be eligible,"
said Michael G. Hoskins, director of the St. Joseph County FSA.

Anyone -- including 4-H kids -- who owned beef or stocker cows, dairy cows,
goats, sheep and even buffalo or beefalo on June 1 are eligible for a per-head
compensation.

"The drought drove up the price of feed, like hay. This program is intended to
offset some of those added costs," Hoskins said.

The USDA has made $752 million available for this program in Indiana. Livestock
producers in 74 counties are eligible for this assistance.

The per-head compensation amounts to $18 for each beef cow, buffalo or beefalo,
and $13.50 for each stocker cow. Eligible animals had to weigh 500 pounds or
more on June 1.

Owners of dairy cows are compensated at $31.50 per head. Owners of sheep and
goats receive $4.50 per head. There is no minimum size for sheep and goats.

Swine are not included in the program because they are not a grazing animal.
Horses are ineligible because they are not a meat animal.

Hoskins said over 54 farmers have already signed up for the program in St.
Joseph County.

The program also was activated for Michigan farms in Berrien, Cass and St.
Joseph counties.

Marcia Collins, FSA director for Berrien and Cass counties, said 100 Cass County
farmers have signed up for the program. Forty farmers in Berrien County have
enrolled.

Much media attention was given to the announcement of federal disaster
declarations last summer due to the drought. Yet the availability of
low-interest emergency loans does not create much demand from farmers.

For one, loan requirements are far narrower than the livestock compensation
program. Farmers must show a 30 percent loss. Some Michiana farmers escaped the
brunt of the drought. Some even saw their crops thrive with timely rains and
therefore would not be eligible.

In addition, FSA is the lender of last resort. Farmers must be turned down for
loans from a commercial banker or other public lending institutions to receive
the loans and their accompanying 3.75 percent interest rate.

No farm applications for emergency loans have been received in Berrien County,
said Neal Kreitner, FSA farm loan manager.

Three Cass County farmers have requested and received applications. While about
25 applications have been disseminated in LaPorte, St. Joseph, Marshall and
Starke counties, none have been completed and turned in, said Dan Walsh, FSA
loan manager in Knox.

Some farmers, he said, have yet to fully assess last summer's damage.Other
farmers feel they are already overloaded with loans that must be repaid, said
Tom Cleveland, FSA farm loan manager whose territory includes Elkhart and
Kosciusko counties.

The deadline to submit an emergency loan application is June 18, 2003.

In addition, the new farm bill also provides marketing assistance loans and loan
deficiency payment for farmers who produce shear wool and mohair from live sheep
and goats.

Producers are required by Jan. 31 to provide evidence on what date they lost
beneficial interest, or ownership, of wool and mohair.

For fruit farmers, the deadline for applying for low-interest loans in the wake
of the spring frost and freezes is March 17.

April 1 is the deadline to complete updates for a farm's base and yield. Base
and yields are the numbers by which all future payments will be based. Those
numbers have been frozen since 1985.

Staff writer Wayne Falda:

wfalda@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6326


LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Othello Outlook (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 16, 2012

Disaster relief for Grant and Adams counties

BYLINE: The Othello Outlook staff

LENGTH: 308  words


Farmers and ranchers who suffered agricultural damages due to a combination of
weather events, including excessive rain, flooding, high winds and freezing
temperatures, between Jan. 1, 2011, and July 31, 2011, in Grant or Adams county
or contiguous counties may be eligible for low-interest, federal loans to help
recoup losses.

A recently announced Secretary of Agriculture disaster designation triggered the
Farm Service Agency (FSA) Emergency Loan Program, Libby Anderson,

Farm Loan Manager in bphrata, said. FSA is accepting loan applications in county
offices until Sept. 27, 2012.

"Because the federal government does not intend to compete with private
business, applicants must be unable to obtain credit elsewhere to finance their
needs," Anderson said.

Applicants must be established farmers and must have suffered an agricultural
loss due to the disaster named in the designation. An applicant's farm must be
family-sized. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability.

The Farm Service Agency has other disaster relief programs that may help farmers
and ranchers recover from losses. Disaster designation allows more producers to
be eligible for the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments (SURE) program. Now
producers need to demonstrate a 10 percent loss rather than a 50 percent loss,
Anderson said. If 2011 farm revenue.is less than a revenue guarantee, farmers
could receive a SURE payment. Losses must be due to a natural disaster. 2011
SURE signup will be announced at a later date. Interested agricultural producers
may contact their county FSA office for further information on eligibility
requirements and application procedures for emergency loans and other programs.
Additional information is also available online at www.fsa.usda.gov/wa

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OTH

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 The Othello Outlook


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     November 6, 2003 Thursday CITY EDITION

FARM AID EFFORTS RUN DRY
SENATE REJECTS $6.3 BILLION EMERGENCY DISASTER FUNDS

BYLINE: TOM WEBB AND LEE EGERSTROM, Pioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 426 words


WASHINGTON -- Minnesota lawmakers keep trying, but Congress isn't much
interested in granting Midwest farmers additional disaster aid to cope with this
year's drought.

U.S. Sen. Mark Dayton, D-Minn., saw his latest attempt fail Wednesday, when the
Senate rejected his proposal for $6.3 billion in emergency aid. Dayton's package
could have meant roughly $400 million to Minnesota growers, for losses as far
back as 2001.

"Minnesota farmers lost more than $1.1 billion in expected crop revenues,"
Dayton said on the Senate floor, noting that 62 of Minnesota's 87 counties have
already been declared disaster areas.

The disaster-area designation already allows farmers access to low-interest
loans, and the federal government also subsidizes crop insurance to help ease
losses. But Dayton, supported by U.S. Sen. Norm Coleman, R-Minn., thought that
disaster payments were also needed. Those payments have been provided in years
past, but generally only when a disaster has national impact.

This year, the drought was more regional. Dayton hoped that lawmakers from
states affected by Hurricane Isabel and the California wildfires would work
together, but their disasters were addressed in the $87 billion Iraq package
that passed Monday.

"A couple of these states with the connections in the conference committee were
able to take care of their needs in a backdoor fashion, which takes away some of
the support for this measure," Dayton said.

Al Christopherson, the Pennock farmer who is president of the Minnesota Farm
Bureau Federation, said the problem is a recurring concern for farmers. "If you
are going to have crop losses from drought or other disasters, you better hope a
lot of farmers have similar problems or you might be lost in the shuffle," he
said.

Meanwhile, USDA's Farm Service Agency in St. Paul said Wednesday that farmers
affected by drought have eight months to apply for existing emergency programs
that are not contingent on congressional approval of separate disaster aid.

These programs include low-interest emergency loans from the Farm Service
Agency, and a variety of other programs to help farmers recover from lost
income, the agency said.

The key benefit of the existing programs, however, is the low-interest loans.
Christopherson said that program may be of less value than usual this year
because interest rates are already low on conventional loans. Plus, he added,
more borrowing for loans that will need to be repaid are a poor substitute for
farm income, at any interest rate.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Greenville Herald-Banner (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 14, 2010 Wednesday

Disaster declaration issued for county, area

BYLINE: Brad Kellar, Greenville Herald-Banner, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 429 words


Apr. 14--GREENVILLE -- Hunt County has been placed under a disaster declaration
due to losses associated with severe weather, including a tornado, which crossed
the region in January.

Applications for emergency farm loans for losses caused are being accepted at
the Farm Service Agency (FSA) office located in Bonham, according to Fannin
County Farm Loan manager David Dunmon.

Hunt County, along with surrounding counties, were recently named by Secretary
of Agriculture to be eligible for loans to cover part of actual production
losses and physical losses.

Hunt County was placed under a tornado watch and a severe thunderstorm warning
during the afternoon of Jan. 20, amid reports of storms producing large hail and
packing winds of up to 60 miles per hour.

A tornado touched down just north of Canton in Van Zandt County amid reports of
power lines and debris scattered along Interstate 30, with houses damaged in
other areas of the county and with one-inch hail covering the ground in downtown
Grand Saline.

In Hopkins County, two tractor trailers were overturned along Interstate 30, a
mobile home was damaged on County Road 1116 near Brashear and power poles and
trees were toppled at the intersection of State Highway 54 and Highway 19.

Farmers may be eligible for loans of up to 100 percent of their actual losses or
the operating loan needed to continue the agricultural business, whichever is
less.  For farmers unable to obtain credit from private commercial lenders, the
interest rate is 3.75 percent.

"As a general rule, a farmer must have suffered at least a 30 percent loss of
production to be eligible for an FSA emergency loan," Dunmon said. Farmers
participating in the Federal Crop Insurance program will have to consider
proceeds from those programs in determining their loss.

"Applications for loans under this emergency designation will be accepted until
Dec. 3, 2010 but farmers should apply as soon as possible," Dunmon said. "Delays
in applying could create backlogs in processing, with possible delays into the
new farming season."

The FSA office in Bonham is open from 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., Monday through
Friday.

Text Only

To see more of Greenville Herald-Banner, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldbanner.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Greenville Herald-Banner,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100414-GC-Disaster-declaration-issued-for-county-area-0414

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GC


                    Copyright 2010 Greenville Herald-Banner


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Journal-World (Lawrence, Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 4, 2007 Wednesday

Loans are available for freeze damage

BYLINE: Journal-World, Lawrence, Kan.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 187 words


Jul. 4--The Kansas Farm Service Agency is making emergency loans available to
help qualified producers recover from production and physical losses because of
the freezing weather in April.

Producers in Douglas, Franklin and other affected counties are eligible. Loans
may be used to restore or replace essential property and pay production costs
related to the freeze.

Applicants can borrow up to 100 percent of actual production or physical losses,
not to exceed $500,000. The rate for these loans is 3.75 percent.

Producers in eligible counties have until Feb. 15 to apply for an emergency
loan. The Douglas County Farm Service Agency is at 1217 Biltmore Drive,
Lawrence, and can be reached by calling 843-4260.

To see more of the Journal-World, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ljworld.com/. Copyright (c) 2007, Journal-World, Lawrence, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070704-LW-0704-Loans-are-available-for-freeze-damage

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LW


                          Copyright 2007 Journal-World


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            March 12, 2014 Wednesday

Commissioners Ok Farm Loan; To Meet Tonight

BYLINE: Joe Hainthaler

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

jhainthaler@lnpnews.com

Lancaster County commissioners - who will take their show on the road for a
meeting tonight at 7 at the West Hempfield Township municipal building -
approved two measures during Tuesday's work session.

Bryan and Julene Harnish's $509,000 Next Generation Farmer Loan will allow them
to purchase 95 acres of the 440 acres they farm at 417 Frogtown Road, Martic
Township.

The Harnishes, who have rented the 95 acres for the past five years, grow
tobacco, produce, corn and soybeans on the acreage, which will be purchased from
a family trust, according to Erin Lyons, funding manager for EDC Finance Corp.
Their crops are sold through Four Seasons Produce, an Ephrata-based wholesaler.

A Next Generation Farmer Loan is not funded by taxpayers but requires the
commissioners' approval because it is tax-exempt. The tax exemption allows the
bank to charge a lower interest rate.

Commissioners voted unanimously to approve the loan.

The commissioners, also without dissent, approved spending a $30,530 grant on
hazardous-materials training and certification for 1,050 first-responders in
Lancaster County.

About $7,000 of the grant will be used to hire a railroad simulation expert from
Florida to conduct a May 19 training exercise featuring a simulated oil train
derailment in Marietta. More than 100 emergency officials will participate in
the simulation, which will start at the Lancaster County Public Safety Training
Center in East Hempfield Township. Marietta first-responders will take the lead,
county emergency management director Randy Gockley said.

The grant, through the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency, is 80 percent
state-funded, with the remaining 20 percent coming from a county
hazardous-materials response fund paid for by fees from businesses based on the
chemicals they use, Gockley said.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday

More Pennsylvania Counties Designated as Drought Disaster Areas

LENGTH: 357 words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



   After months of hot, dry weather that devastated crops across the
commonwealth, additional help is available to farmers in four more Pennsylvania
counties following new natural disaster designations by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA).





 "We appreciate that USDA Secretary Vilsack recognizes the hardships this
summer's weather has placed on our farmers. His designations offer much needed
financial assistance to more Pennsylvania farmers," said Pennsylvania
Agriculture Secretary Russell Redding. "Agriculture is always a partnership
between farmers and Mother Nature, but many farms suffered tremendous
drought-related crop loss this summer. We encourage affected farmers to work
with the Farm Service Agency service centers in their communities."



 Cameron, Centre, Clearfield, and Elk counties joined the growing list of
counties recognized for severe drought lasting eight or more weeks, extreme
drought, or exceptional drought conditions.



 USDA's disaster designation means that farm operators in primary and contiguous
counties can be considered for certain assistance from the Farm Service Agency
(FSA), provided eligibility requirements are met. This assistance includes FSA
emergency loans.



 Farmers in eligible counties have eight months following the date of USDA's
declaration to apply for emergency loans. FSA considers each emergency loan
application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of production
losses on the farm, as well as the security and repayment ability of the
operator. Redding encouraged farmers to contact their local FSA offices for
assistance.



 Pennsylvania's drought-designated counties include: Blair, Bradford, Bucks,
Cambria, Cameron, Centre, Clarion, Clearfield, Clinton, Columbia, Crawford,
Delaware, Elk, Erie, Forest, Huntingdon, Indiana, Jefferson, Lycoming, McKean,
Mifflin, Montour, Philadelphia, Potter, Sullivan, Susquehanna, Tioga, Union,
Warren, and Wayne.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday

More Pennsylvania Counties Designated as Drought Disaster Areas

LENGTH: 357  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



   After months of hot, dry weather that devastated crops across the
commonwealth, additional help is available to farmers in four more Pennsylvania
counties following new natural disaster designations by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA).





 "We appreciate that USDA Secretary Vilsack recognizes the hardships this
summer's weather has placed on our farmers. His designations offer much needed
financial assistance to more Pennsylvania farmers," said Pennsylvania
Agriculture Secretary Russell Redding. "Agriculture is always a partnership
between farmers and Mother Nature, but many farms suffered tremendous
drought-related crop loss this summer. We encourage affected farmers to work
with the Farm Service Agency service centers in their communities."



 Cameron, Centre, Clearfield, and Elk counties joined the growing list of
counties recognized for severe drought lasting eight or more weeks, extreme
drought, or exceptional drought conditions.



 USDA's disaster designation means that farm operators in primary and contiguous
counties can be considered for certain assistance from the Farm Service Agency
(FSA), provided eligibility requirements are met. This assistance includes FSA
emergency loans.



 Farmers in eligible counties have eight months following the date of USDA's
declaration to apply for emergency loans. FSA considers each emergency loan
application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of production
losses on the farm, as well as the security and repayment ability of the
operator. Redding encouraged farmers to contact their local FSA offices for
assistance.



 Pennsylvania's drought-designated counties include: Blair, Bradford, Bucks,
Cambria, Cameron, Centre, Clarion, Clearfield, Clinton, Columbia, Crawford,
Delaware, Elk, Erie, Forest, Huntingdon, Indiana, Jefferson, Lycoming, McKean,
Mifflin, Montour, Philadelphia, Potter, Sullivan, Susquehanna, Tioga, Union,
Warren, and Wayne.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Ivanhoe Times (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 5, 2014

Emergency Loans Available for Eligible Family Farmers

BYLINE: Ivanhoe Times staff

LENGTH: 205  words


Farm Service Agency (FSA) announced that Yellow Medicine County has been
designated as primary natural disaster area due to physical damage and losses
caused by a tornado that occurred on March 31, 2014. In addition there are six
counties in Minnesota that are contiguous where eligible family farmers may
qualify for emergency physical loss loan assistance. These contiguous counties
are: Chippewa, Lac qui Parle, Lincoln, Lyon, Redwood, and Renville. Deuel County
in South Dakota is also contiguous. This designation authorizes Emergency (EM)
Loans for eligible producers. Producers are encouraged to contact their local
FSA Service Center for detailed information about available programs and updated
disaster designations. Emergency Loan applications are available for qualifying
physical losses caused by these disaster conditions. Physical losses include
structures, equipment, etc. These loans do require security and the ability to
repay the loan. The deadline for submitting applications is January 19, 2015.
In'addition to the Emergency (EM) Loan Program, FSA has other loan programs and
disaster assistance programs which can be considered in assisting farmers to
recover from their losses, www.fsa.usda.gov www.fema.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IVN

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Ivanhoe Times


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Western Kansas World (Wakeeny, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 5, 2013

Deadline for FSA Emergency Disaster Loan Applications

BYLINE: Western Kansas World staff

LENGTH: 199  words


The expiration date for filing applications for Emergency Disaster (EM) loans by
farmers and ranchers in Graham, Rooks and Trego Counties is December 26, 2013,
according to RANDAL R. THIEL, Farm Loan Manager, for the Farm Service Agency
(FSA) Those needing farm credit as a result of snowstorm on February 20-23,
2013, and who think they are eligible for FSA assistance, should make their
applications at the FSA County Office, 100 N. 12th Ave, Hill City, Kansas,
before the expiration date.

Loans covering physical and/or production losses are scheduled for repayment as
rapidly as feasible, consistent with the applicant's reasonable ability to pay.
The current interest rate is 2.875 percent, but is subject to monthly changes
until the loan is approved.

FSA's Farm Loan Programs staff is committed to new and existing customers, FSA
customer goals and our rural communities. FSA's service extends beyond the
typical loan, offering FSA customers ongoing consultation, advice and creative
ways to make your farm business thrive. At the Farm Service Agency, we want to
be your lender of first opportunity to overcome these adverse weather conditions
and rebuild your operation to get back on track.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WKW

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Western Kansas World


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             June 27, 2006 Tuesday

USDA declares disaster for Vermont's farmers

BYLINE: By HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN, Reformer Staff

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 558 words


VERNON -- More rain fell Monday and Al Dunklee had to put off haying his fields
for another day.

The hay loses nutrients as it grows and if the weather does not cooperate soon,
Dunklee said, half of his first hay crop could be a total loss.

This comes on top of the cost of using a second application of fertilizer after
the rain washed away the first one.

The United States Department of Agriculture Monday declared an emergency in each
of Vermont's 14 counties.

The wet weather comes on top of rising fuel prices and falling milk prices and
heavy rains and flooding have farmers looking skyward, hoping the sun comes out
soon to dry things out.

The USDA declaration provides low-interest loans to farmers who are affected by
the wet weather.

Dunklee, who milks about 950 cows on one of the largest dairy farms in Windham
County, said at this point it is too early to decide whether or not he is
willing to take on the added debt to try to make it through the season.

"We're trying to cope with it," Dunklee said Monday afternoon. "We're going to
wait and see what we get and then figure out what to do."

Lynette Hamilton, the Windham County executive director for the Farm Service
Agency, said the emergency declaration was made after gathering reports from
farmers around the state.

"It's wet out there," Hamilton said. "They're telling us that it's been too wet
to get on the fields."

Most of the severe damage will likely be to farmers in the northern part of the
state, according to Vern Grubinger, director of the University of Vermont Center
for Sustainable Agriculture.

Grubinger said clay soil in the north does not dry out easily and water pools in
the fields, washing away corn crops and making it impossible for farmers to get
their tractors out to harvest hay.

"There's water everywhere," said Patrick Freeman, farm loan chief for the Farm
Service Agency. "I talked to a farmer in Franklin County and he has never seen
it so bad."

He said reports from every corner of the state led the office to decide to
declare the agricultural disaster in all 14 counties.

"With energy prices going up, it is a very difficult time," he said. "There are
a lot of real challenges out there."

But David Carle, a spokesman for Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., said farmers in the
state need more than loans to help them weather the current crisis.

Leahy, along with the rest of the Vermont Congressional delegation, have been
trying to win approval of an emergency farm package that would provide relief in
the form of grants to Vermont farmers.

President Bush has threatened to veto any bill that includes the farm package in
it.

"Farmers are hurting right now," Leahy said in a press release. "And once again
all that is standing in the way of getting help to them is a White House that
doesn't understand what's happening to farm and farm families. Congress has just
approved the President's request for tens of billions of dollars to rebuild
Iraq, but he has blocked any emergency help for family farmers facing desperate
situations. We will try and try again until he gets the message, and until
farmers get the help they need to get through this."

Farmers who are interested in applying for the USDA loans should call the White
River Junction office at (802) 295-7942 for information.

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached at hwtisman@reformer.com or (802) 254-2311,
ext. 279.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 20, 2012 Saturday

Several aid programs available from farm officials

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 425 words


Oct. 20--The sign-up period for the U.S. Farm Service Agency's 2011-crop year
Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments program opens Monday.

SURE authorizes assistance to farmers and ranchers who suffered crop losses
caused by natural disasters occurring through Sept. 30, 2011. The U.S.
Department of Agriculture's authority to operate the program ended on that date.
Production losses after Sept. 30, 2011, because of disasters are not eligible
for program coverage.

To be eligible for SURE, a farm or ranch must have:

-- At least a 10 percent production loss on a crop of economic significance.

-- A policy or plan of insurance under the Federal Crop Insurance Act or the
Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program for all economically significant
crops.

-- Been physically located in a county declared a primary disaster county or
contiguous county by the Secretary of Agriculture under a Secretarial Disaster
Designation.

The deadline for signing up is June 7. Visit www.fsa.usda.gov/sure or any FSA
office for more information.

Changes made to farm loans

Recent modifications have been made to the FSA's Emergency Loan program to speed
up calculation of grazing losses in pasture for livestock operations.

Producers will no longer have to wait until the end of the production cycle to
obtain a loan.

The change is applicable for applicants in "Fast Track" designated counties,
that suffered from a drought intensity value of at least D2 (Drought-Severe) for
8 or more consecutive weeks, or D3 (Drought-Extreme) or higher at any time
during the growing season according to the U.S. Drought Monitor. Visit
droughtmonitor.unl.edu for more information about drought ratings.

Emergency loan funds could be used if an operation liquidates livestock due to a
lack of available feed. Loan funds can be used to cover lost income from animals
sold and lost income from offspring.

Other uses include pasture losses; crops planted for grain and later chopped for
use as silage; loss of nursery plants; losses in contact livestock, if the loss
of income can directly be attributed to the disaster; lost milk production;
losses to perennial crops, such as Christmas trees, and fruit or nut bearing
trees; and equine losses for applicants whose primary income is received from
breeding, raising and selling  horses.

Call John Prange in Morrison at 815-772-2124, or Dave Peterson in Oregon at
815-732-6127, for more information.

___ (c)2012 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121020-YG-Several-aid-programs-available-from-farm
-officials-1020-20121020

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2012 Daily Gazette


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            January 27, 2006 Friday
                                Marshall Edition

Briefs

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 368 words


PLYMOUTH

Commissioners change meeting date

A Feb. 6 meeting of the Marshall County Board of Commissioners has been changed
to 8:30 a.m. Feb. 7 in the commissioners' meeting room on the second floor of
the Marshall County Building, 112 W. Jefferson St.

PLYMOUTH

Special city meeting slated for Monday

The Plymouth Common Council will have a special meeting at 6 p.m. Monday at the
city building.

On the agenda is a resolution to rescind the tax incremental financing
replacement levy for the U.S. 30/Oak Road Economic Development Area and the East
Jefferson/Central Business District for 2006.

PLYMOUTH

West fire committee to meet Tuesday

West Township fire committee will meet in public session at 6 p.m. Tuesday at
the Ancilla Convent, Donaldson. Discussion will concern fire protection
alternatives for residents of West Township.

PLYMOUTH

More candidates file for office

Candidates filing for office in the Marshall County Voter Registration office
Wednesday and Thursday include:

Jim Baldwin of Plymouth, Republican, an incumbent on the Center Township Board,
has filed to run for another term.

Marie Fishburn of Plymouth, Republican, and current Green Township trustee, is
running for another term.

Paul Rowe of Bremen is running for Republican precinct committeeman for German
1.

Steve Hissong of Argos, Democrat, has filed for one of two vacant seats on the
Argos Town Council to be voted upon in the general election.

Robert Kline of Culver, for Democratic precinct committeeman, Union 2.

Dale Ellinger of Bourbon, for Republican precinct committeeman, Bourbon 1.

KNOX

Emergency farm loans are now available

Farm Service Agency-Farm Loan Programs is now accepting applications for
emergency loans resulting from damages and losses caused by cool, wet weather
followed by drought occurring from May 1 through Aug. 31 last year.

Deadline for applications is Sept. 18 for farmers in St. Joseph, Marshall and
Starke counties, according to Daniel Walsh, farm loan manager, who advises
applicants return paperwork as soon as possible to avoid a possible backlog and
delays in receiving loan checks.

Applications can be picked up at the Farm Service Agency-Farm Loan Program
office, 1406 S. Heaton St., Knox, or any FSA office.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            August 2, 2014 Saturday

Farm briefs: Flood insurance hurts farmers, cattle prices up, Farm Bill changes

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 304 words


LEGISLATORS JOIN FORCES ON FLOOD INSURANCE &GT;&GT; Sen. Dianne Feinstein and
congressmen John Garamendi and Doug LaMalfa requested a report be done on
national flood insurance. After the report was done,
http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-14-583 , the three joined in a letter to the
Federal Emergency Management Agency stating the program harms farmers in
Northern California. Growers can't meet standards, including building structures
15 feet off the ground.

Regional flexibility is needed, the three said.

DROUGHT MAY ALSO IMPACT ENERGY COSTS &GT;&GT; Utility companies are reporting
hydroelectric facilities won't be able to generate as much power this summer due
to drought. The California Farm Bureau Federation said people should expect
energy costs to rise.

FARM BILL OFFERS CHANGES FOR GROWERS &GT;&GT; Growers may want to double check
this year to see if there are programs in the new Farm Bill for which they can
benefit. The Oroville Farm Services Agency can assist at 534-0112.

Among the changes are elimination of the 15-year term limit for guaranteed
operating loans; an increase in a down payment loan program to $300,000;
elimination of the rural residency requirement for youth loans; increase in
conservation loans for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning farms.

There are several other changes, a press release from FSA states.

CATTLE NUMBERS ARE DOWN &GT;&GT; Since 2012, reductions in all classes of cattle
have occurred, CattleNetwork reports in its online magazine,
http://goo.gl/B5RZzT

All cattle and calves in the U.S. are at 95 million head, down 3 percent.

In another article, CattleNetwork reports that fed cattle prices set a record in
late July. Retail prices for choice beef in June reached $5.94 a pound, 2.5
cents higher than in May and 66.4 cents more than a year ago,
http://goo.gl/6oCWCP

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rice fields along the Midway in Durham on July 26.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Hays Free Press (Buda, Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 15, 2014

Deadline looming for federal flood aid

BYLINE: The Free Press staff

LENGTH: 570  words


Homeowners and renters who suffered property losses from the 2013 Halloween
flood have until Jan. 21 to apply for low-interest-rate loans from the Small
Business Administration.

The SBA, under a request by Texas Gov. Rick Perry, has offered low-interest
federal disaster loans for homeowners, renters and others who lost property or
income because of the Oct. 31 flood that dropped as much as 15 inches of rain in
parts of Hays County.

Acting under its own authority, the SBA issued a disaster declaration for
flood-affected counties in Texas setting the stage for assistance in the primary
counties of Hays, Caldwell and Travis, as well as eight neighboring counties.

"The U.S. Small Business Administration is strongly committed to providing Texas
with the most effective and customer-focused response possible, and we will be
there to provide access to federal disaster loans to help finance recovery for
residents and businesses affected by the disaster," SBA Acting Administrator
Jeanne Hulit said in a Nov. 22 statement.

In late December, the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency notified the
state, that the federal agency would not award individual assistance to those
affected by the flood.

"The Federal emergency Management Agency (FEMA) initially denied the state's
request for grants for individuals who suffered losses," said Hays County
Emergency Management Coordinator Kharley

Smith, adding that losses in Hays, Caldwell and Travis counties apparently did
not meet minimum requirements to trigger that aid. The state has since filed an
appeal and is awaiting a decision, Smith said.

President Barack Obama, however, declared a disaster for the floods, thus FEMA
will send aid to state and local governments who responded to flood emergencies.
Hays County officials have estimated $2 million in damages to schools, parks,
public buildings and roads within its boundaries.

Further, the U.S. Department of Agriculture is offering low-interest emergency
loans to producers after the President's Dec. 22 disaster declaration. Under
this designation, producers in the primary counties, as well as in the eight
contiguous disaster counties are eligible for the federal aid, the agency said
in a statement.

"The disaster designation is welcome relief to producers because it allows all
qualified operators in primary and contiguous counties to apply for a low
interest emergency (EM) loan," Raecene Randall, Farm Loan Manager said in a
statement.

Producers have until Aug. 22 to apply for the USDA emergency loan assistance.
The Texas Farm Service Agency (FSA) will consider each loan application on its
security available, repayment ability and taking the extent of losses into
account, the statement said. Producers can borrow up to 100 percent of actual
production or physical losses, to a maximum amount of $500,000 at a 2.875
interest rate.

SBA disaster loans up to $200,000 are available to homeowners to repair or
replace damaged or destroyed real estate at a 2.25 percent interest rate.
Homeowners and renters are eligible for up to $40,000 for damaged personal
property.

Businesses, large or small, and nonprofits may borrow up to $2 million from the
SBA to repair or replace damaged or destroyed real estate, machinery and
equipment, inventory, and other business assets. Businesses can borrow at a 4
percent interest rate, and nonprofits and private organizations can borrow at
2.625 percent, county officials said.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Small Town Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HFP

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2014 Hays Free Press


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             July 22, 2010 Thursday

Agriculture Secretary Says Federal Disaster Assistance Available for Western,
South-Central PA Counties

LENGTH: 346  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, July 22 -- Agriculture Secretary Russell C. Redding said farmers in
western and south-central Pennsylvania may benefit from disaster assistance the
U.S. Department of Agriculture approved recently in response to an
uncharacteristic late-season frost and hail storm in May, according to a press
release issued here.

Affected producers are eligible for Farm Service Agency, or FSA, emergency loans
and the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments, or SURE, program.

For FSA emergency loans, producers can borrow up to 100 percent of actual
production or physical losses to a maximum amount of $500,000 at an annual
interest rate of 3.75 percent. Applications for FSA emergency loans must be
received within 8 months of the county's disaster designation.

SURE payments are made to eligible farmers who suffer a 10 percent production
loss to at least one crop of economic significance on their farm. The payment
amount depends on a farm's annual adjusted gross income.

"There's never a good time for farmers to have a natural disaster affect their
crops, but it is particularly difficult during a period of slow economic
recovery," said Redding. "I encourage all producers who suffered crop damage to
contact the Pennsylvania FSA to learn if you are eligible for assistance, and if
you have crop insurance, contact your agent to report a loss."

Two disaster designations were declared, making farmers eligible for aid. The
first was for late-season frost that occurred from May 8 - 10 and affected the
primary counties of Clarion, Venango and Warren. Contiguous counties associated
with that loss include Armstrong, Butler, Crawford, Elk, Erie, Forest,
Jefferson, McKean and Mercer.

The second designation was for a storm with hail that occurred on May 14 and
primarily affected York County. The contiguous counties for this disaster are
Adams, Cumberland, Dauphin and Lancaste Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            July 21, 2010 Wednesday

Agriculture Secretary Says Federal Disaster Assistance Available for Western,
South-Central PA Counties

LENGTH: 346  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, July 21 -- Agriculture Secretary Russell C. Redding said farmers in
western and south-central Pennsylvania may benefit from disaster assistance the
U.S. Department of Agriculture approved recently in response to an
uncharacteristic late-season frost and hail storm in May, according to a press
release issued here.

Affected producers are eligible for Farm Service Agency, or FSA, emergency loans
and the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments, or SURE, program.

For FSA emergency loans, producers can borrow up to 100 percent of actual
production or physical losses to a maximum amount of $500,000 at an annual
interest rate of 3.75 percent. Applications for FSA emergency loans must be
received within 8 months of the county's disaster designation.

SURE payments are made to eligible farmers who suffer a 10 percent production
loss to at least one crop of economic significance on their farm. The payment
amount depends on a farm's annual adjusted gross income.

"There's never a good time for farmers to have a natural disaster affect their
crops, but it is particularly difficult during a period of slow economic
recovery," said Redding. "I encourage all producers who suffered crop damage to
contact the Pennsylvania FSA to learn if you are eligible for assistance, and if
you have crop insurance, contact your agent to report a loss."

Two disaster designations were declared, making farmers eligible for aid. The
first was for late-season frost that occurred from May 8 ' 10 and affected the
primary counties of Clarion, Venango and Warren. Contiguous counties associated
with that loss include Armstrong, Butler, Crawford, Elk, Erie, Forest,
Jefferson, McKean and Mercer.

The second designation was for a storm with hail that occurred on May 14 and
primarily affected York County. The contiguous counties for this disaster are
Adams, Cumberland, Dauphin and Lancaster Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                             July 14, 2011 Thursday

Rain does not end drought

BYLINE: By Dianne Stallings dstallings@ruidosonews.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 290 words


Lincoln County is among 16 in northern and central New Mexico declared disaster
areas by the Obama Administration because of severe drought.

The rain that fell Tuesday and Wednesday won't change the longer-term
designation of drought hanging over the area.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said as a result of the declaration, all New
Mexico counties are eligible for assistance. A secretarial disaster designation
makes farm operators in both primary and contiguous counties eligible to be
considered for assistance from the Farm Service Agency, provided eligibility
requirements are met. This assistance includes FSA emergency loans and the
Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments Program. Farmers in eligible counties
have eight months from the date of a secretarial disaster declaration to apply
for emergency loan assistance.

FSA officials will consider each emergency loan application on its own merits,
taking into account the extent of production losses, security available and
repayment ability. SURE Program applications for 2011 crop losses will be
accepted in 2012, when the 2011 farm revenue data required by statute becomes
available.

Earlier this summer, U.S.D.A. officials approved an emergency application that
allows ranchers from Curry, Harding, Lea, Quay, Roosevelt, Union, De Baca,
Torrance and Colfax counties to graze their livestock on lands not typically
used for grazing.

The 16 counties covered by the current declaration and eligible to apply for
drought disaster assistance are Lincoln, Bernalillo, Harding, Rio Arriba, Taos,
Cibola, San Miguel, Torrance, Colfax, McKinley, Sandoval, Union, Guadalupe,
Mora, Santa Fe, and Valencia. Last month, USDA declared more than a dozen other
counties drought disaster areas.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             June 28, 2011 Tuesday

Business Notes

SECTION: HOMETOWNANNAPOLIS.CO; Businesss; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 473  words


ARINC Incorporated is marketing its portable flight information display system
microFIDSTM to the hospitality industry.

The system is a wireless version of airport display technology used around the
world that provides up-to-the-minute flight arrival and departure information in
an economical way that's easily applied in places like hotel lobbies, business
centers, reception areas and other common spaces.

The system is already operating in several New York hotels.

***

Heritage Harbour Health and Rehabilitation Center has received a 2011 recipient
of the Bronze Commitment to Quality National Quality Award for its performance
in the health care profession. The award, presented by the American Health Care
Association and National Center for Assisted Living highlights facilities from
across the nation that have demonstrated their intention to pursue a rigorous
quality improvement system.

***

To help local families better prepare for an emergency, the local Home Instead
Senior Care office is making available at no cost a senior emergency kit that
includes items such as a checklist of important contact names and information, a
medication tracker, allergies/conditions worksheet, a senior health tracker
magnet and a wallet card to carry when away from home.

The file also allows for the storage of important documents in an emergency,
such as a health care proxy, advance directives, insurance polices, insurance
cards and more.

These materials also can be accessed and downloaded by the public at
www.senioremergencykit.com. Contact the local Home Instead Senior Care office at
410-349-2320 to obtain a specialized senior kit.

***

BJ's Wholesale Clubs began offering Maryland-grown produce last Friday.

The Farm to Club program, which BJ's created in partnership with the Maryland
Department of Agriculture, will provide its members with fresh-from-the-farm
zucchini, cucumbers and yellow squash that was grown on three Maryland farms.

BJ's intends to soon include locally grown tomatoes, green peppers and corn.

The participating Maryland farms are Arnold Farms, LLC in Chestertown, Butler
Farms in Marion Station and Miller Farms in Clinton.

BJ's intends to roll out its Farm to Club program in six other states later this
summer.

***

Fixed mortgage rates were mostly unchanged last week, hovering near yearly lows.

Freddie Mac says the average rate on the 30-year loan held steady at 4.50
percent. It hit 4.49 percent two weeks ago, the lowest level this year.

The Associated Press reports that the average rate on the 15-year fixed
mortgage, popular for refinancing, inched up to 3.69 percent. Last week it
reached a yearly low of 3.67 percent.

Rates typically track the yield on the 10-year Treasury note, which has been
dropping in recent weeks based on weak data that points to a slower economy.

--

Send items to businessnews@capitalgazette.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           November 10, 2011 Thursday

Stop procrastinating

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 581 words


Thursday, November 10, 2011

Time is running out. With the Nov. 15 deadline to register and apply for federal
assistance fast approaching, Vermonters affected by Tropical Storm Irene can no
longer afford to keep procrastinating.

The Small Business Administration's disaster loan program makes low-interest,
long-term loans available to businesses, homeowners and renters harmed by
disasters. Loan applications are issued to all those who register with the
Federal Emergency Management Agency.

So far, the number of Vermonters submitting applications has been low. Of the
1,826 SBA disaster loan applications issued to affected businesses, only 219
have been returned as of late Sunday. Fewer than 20 percent of homeowners and
renters who have registered with FEMA have returned the SBA application - only
789 of the 4,183 applications issued, according to Carl Sherrill, one of SBA's
on-the-ground disaster staffers in Vermont.

U.S. Sen. Patrick Leahy and Gov. Peter Shumlin are urging all Vermonters
affected by the flooding from Tropical Storm Irene to register with FEMA and get
their SBA applications in before Tuesday's deadline.

"Vermonters have one shot at tapping federal recovery help in Irene's aftermath,
and it is about to pass many Vermonters by," Leahy said.

Many business owners have said they cannot afford more debt. But Leahy said SBA
disaster loans have longer terms and lower rates than some commercially
available products, making them affordable to more businesses. Payments can be
as reasonable as $50 a month under the program.

Leahy also noted that nearly 3,400 Vermont homeowners and renters who have not
returned their applications may be missing out not only on low-interest loans,
but also on additional grants.

Filling out an application does not obligate the applicant to accept a loan if
offered, but once the deadline passes there will be no opportunities to apply
later.

"It is critical that anyone who has sustained damage from Irene register with
FEMA and complete the SBA application, even if at this point you're not sure you
need the financial help," said Shumlin.

In addition to the FEMA and SBA deadline, other federal disaster assistance
deadlines coming up in the next week or two include: - Nov. 18: U.S. Department
of Agriculture/Natural Resources Conservation Service deadline for
municipalities to apply for Emergency Watershed Protection Projects.

- Nov. 20: U.S. Department of Agriculture/Farm Service Agency deadline to apply
for Non-Insured Crop Assistance Program for coverage in case of future
disasters; and NAP deadline on forage such as hay, and perennial crops such as
strawberries and blueberries for the 2012 production season.

- Nov. 23: U.S. Department of Agriculture/Farm Service Agency deadline to apply
for cost share assistance through the Emergency Conservation Program for damage
to farm land.

Since Tropical Storm Irene hit more than two months ago Vermonters have been
working at a frantic pace to repair the damage before the onset of winter. It's
understandable that deadlines which seemed far off two months ago would be put
on the bottom of one's do-to list. Now it's time to put FEMA registration and
SBA applications first on that list.

"We want Vermonters whose homes or businesses were impacted by the storm to
access every penny available to help them on the road to recovery," said
Jennifer Hollar, chair of the Irene Housing Task Force.

For more information, call 800-621-FEMA (3362) or go online at
www.DisasterAssistance.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            April 12, 2006 Wednesday

Final day to apply for emergency farm loans is April 24

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 159 words


The final day to apply for Farm Service Agency emergency loans, because of the
2005 draught, is April 24. Bob Noellsch, farm loan manager for Lincoln, Pike,
St. Charles and Warren counties said applications are available at the Farm
Service Agency, 1220 S. Business 61, Bowling Green. Loans are for physical and
production losses caused by the draught. Loans for physical losses must be used
to compensate the farmer for losses of basic livestock, stored crops or supplies
on hand and equipment. Loans for production losses may be used to buy feed,
seed, fertilizer, livestock or to make payments on real estate or chattel debt.
In order to qualify, a farmer must have suffered a 30 percent loss in production
or an actual physical loss that was essential to the successful operation of the
farm. Loans for actual losses are made with a 3.75 percent interest rate to
eligible applicants who are unable to obtain the actual credit needed from
another source.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 11, 1984, Wednesday, Final Edition

Suit to Gain Farm Loan Casts Light on Policies

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; The Federal Report; A19

LENGTH: 777 words


Willie Ole Knute Kjeldahl, a farmer from Brooten, Minn., was on shaky financial
ground in 1982 when he went to his local Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)
office seeking an economic emergency loan.

Even though the loan program was on the books, and the Agriculture Department
still hadn't spent the $600 million that Congress had allocated for the program
in 1981, the FmHA told Kjeldahl it was not accepting applications because no
money was available.

Kjeldahl's commercial lender foreclosed on his mortgage, and, as a last-ditch
move to stall total collapse, he filed for bankruptcy. In the meantime, he and
other farmers in similar situations around the country went to federal court
here to try to pry open doors at the FmHA.

Their suit, before U.S. District Court Judges Thomas A. Flannery and Thomas
Penfield Jackson, has cast a sharp new light on Reagan administration farm
-credit policies and the inability of members of Congress that represent farmers
to hold the administration's feet to the fire of public opinion and the law.

The suit, filed in late 1982 and nearing final resolution, resulted in an order
last fall by Flannery directing Agriculture Secretary John R. Block to reopen
the emergency loan program, which he said Block had shut down arbitrarily in
1981 in an abuse of his powers.

But Flannery's order was not the end of it. The Office of Management and Budget
then decreed that only a fraction of the $600 million, about $50 million, would
be used for direct loans. The rest, OMB ruled, would have to be used to
guarantee loans that the government expected rural banks to make to farmers.

Therein lay a catch. Rural banks had little interest in guarantees. The program
meant more paper work and the assumption of part of the risk of each loan made
to farmers already rejected by commercial banks.

At that point, Douglas Huron, a local attorney for Kjeldahl and his
co-defendants, went back to court seeking an order to undo the OMB rule. He
argued that about 95 percent of the $6.6 billion loaned under the economic
emergency program since 1978 had been in direct loans and that the rule was an
attempt to rewrite history.

Judge Jackson, agreeing to a Huron motion to add OMB Director David A. Stockman
as a co-defendant with Block, has directed the FmHA to explain its refusal to
handle the direct-loan portion of the program as it had done previously.

One document already on file in the case, a report from FmHA chief Charles W.
Shuman, said the decision was made by OMB--even though Shuman and his boss,
Undersecretary Frank W. Naylor Jr., refused to admit that in a congressional
hearing in February.

Under severe criticism by members of Congress, who pressed the issue for a day
and then basically dropped it, Shuman and Naylor insisted that emergency loans
weren't really needed because plenty of other farm credit was available. In any
case, they told the House Agriculture subcommittee hearing, they were overseeing
the program according to law.

There wasn't much new in that. Since the administration took office in 1981, its
direction of the FmHA has been controversial. The FmHA lends money to farmers
who can't get credit elsewhere. And as economic distress has gripped much of
farm country, the agency has been caught in a vise. As loan demand has
intensified, the FmHA has tried to hold down spending and has tightened its
handling of loan accounts of farmers on the economic margin.

Many of those FmHA policy moves have been challenged in the courts by a small
cadre of lawyers around the country who have contended, generally with success,
that the agency routinely has violated its own regulations for dealing with
farmers' applications and appeals.

Although the FmHA has taken steps to comply with these rulings, some critics
charge that it has done so with such lassitude that loan-seeking farmers are
left out in the cold, too far gone to be helped.  One of the critics, Sen.
Walter D. Huddleston (D-Ky.), ranking Democrat on the Senate Agriculture
Committee, has stressed that point repeatedly in efforts to get Block and
Stockman to keep farm credit programs funded and responsive to farmers' needs.

Huddleston was instrumental in forcing the administration, as part of a newly
passed package of farm support legislation, to accept language requiring the
FmHA to spend at least $310 million of the original $600 million on direct
loans. Notably, his negotiating was with Stockman rather than Block.

Huddleston, angered by OMB's hard line, complained that Stockman, by agreeing to
the increase only if Congress would cut other programs, had turned distressed
farmers into "bargaining chips."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, CHARLES W. SHUMAN . . . says plenty of credit is available

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           September 18, 2006 Monday

S.D. farmers qualify for help

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1b

LENGTH: 129 words


HURON, S.D. (AP) - Farmers in 13 South Dakota counties can sign up for
low-interest emergency loans to cover losses caused by a severe storm that hit
central South Dakota on Aug. 24, according to the Farm Service Agency.

High winds, hail and tornadoes caused the most damage in Beadle, Hand and
McPherson counties. But other counties also were affected, including Brown,
Clark, Hyde, Miner, Walworth, Buffalo, Edmunds, Jerauld, Sanborn, Campbell,
Faulk, Kingsbury, and Spink.

Farm Service Agency Executive Director Steve Cutler said applicants for
emergency loans must be family farmers and unable to get credit elsewhere.

The emergency loans, for up to $500,000, can be used to repair or replace
property that was damaged by the storm.

The deadline to submit applications is May 13.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

Washington: Oklahoma counties named natural disaster areas due to drought

LENGTH: 288  words

DATELINE: Washington


Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association has issued the following news
release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated Hughes, Mayes, Okmulgee
and Wagoner counties in Oklahoma as primary natural disaster areas due to a
recent drought.

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Oklahoma also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are Cherokee, Coal, Craig, Creek, Delaware, McIntosh, Muskogee,
Okfuskee, Pittsburg, Pontotoc, Rogers, Seminole and Tulsa.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas on July 16,
2014, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own
merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity.

Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, The Livestock Forage Disaster Program, the
Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees,
and Farm-Raised Fish Program, and the Tree Assistance Program. Interested
farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further information on
eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and other
programs.

For further information please visit: http://tscra.org

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 2, 2010

Emergency Loan Designation

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 262  words


Mr. Edward J. Hamill, State Executive Director, Farm Service Agency announces
effective Aug. 20, ninety-five counties in Missouri will have FSA disaster loans
available due to excessive rainfall, flash flooding, flooding and high winds
which occurred Feb. 1 through July 15. Applications for assistance will be
accepted at the county office of the Farm Service Agency in Monroe, Marion,
Ralls and Shelby Counties for physical and production losses caused by this
disaster. Applications will be accepted through April 20, 2011.

Loans for physical losses must be used to replace or repair damage to buildings,
fences or to compensate the farmer for losses of basic livestock, stored crops
or supplies on hand, equipment, etc., that was lost due to the disaster. Loans
for production losses may also be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer, livestock
or to make payments on real estate or chattel debts. Generally, loans for
production losses cannot be approved until crops have completed their production
cycle or have been harvested.

In order to qualify, a farm must have suffered a 30% loss in production or an
actual physical loss that essential to the successful operation of the farm.

Loans for actual losses are made at an interest rate of 3.75% for emergency
loans to those eligible applicants who are unable to obtain the actual credit
needed from another source. All loan programs of the Farm Service Agency are
conducted on a non-discriminatory basis.

Sheila L. Osbourne, Farm Loan Manager, may be contacted at: 18771 Highway 15,
Paris, MO 65275, 660-327-4737, ext. 102.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Monroe County Appeal


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 8, 2017 Wednesday

California: Disaster Loans Available to Farmers, Ranchers and Small Businesses
in El Dorado County

LENGTH: 286  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: County of EL Dorado, The State of California has issued the
followin news release:



   President Donald J. Trump issued a major disaster declaration on February 14,
2017 due to Severe Winter Storms, Flooding and Mudslides that occurred January
3-12, 2017. As a result the U.S. Department of Agriculture has emergency loans
available for farms and businesses in El Dorado County.





 Emergency farm loans for up to a maximum of $500,000 are available for both
physical and crop production losses as a direct result of the disaster. The
loans are available to farmers and ranchers who conduct family-sized farming
operations.



 Agriculturalists interested in these loans can contact the local Farm Service
Agency (FSA) office in Elk Grove at (916)714-1104.



 In addition, when an agricultural disaster designation is declared, Economic
Injury Disaster Loans (EIDLs) of up to $2 million are available through the U.S.
Small Business Administration (SBA). Businesses primarily engaged in farming or
ranching are not eligible for SBA disaster loans. Some of the businesses that
may qualify for severe storm disaster EIDLs are small agricultural cooperatives,
nurseries, private nonprofit organizations and other small businesses that
depend on farmers and ranchers or have been directly impacted from the disaster.




 Applicants may apply for a SBA loan online using the Electronic Loan
Application at https://disasterloan.sba.gov/ela. Businesses can also e-mail the
SBA's Customer Service Center at disastercustomerservice@sba.gov or call
(800)659-2955 for disaster loan information and application forms.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                           October 24, 2013 Thursday

Drying times in Humboldt County: Drought effects echo through beginning of rainy
season

BYLINE: Catherine Wong/The Times-Standard

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 712 words


With temperatures dropping and the fog rolling in, it may be hard to believe
Humboldt County is still in a drought.

"The effects of a drought, the lag is a full year," said Blake Alexandre, a
Humboldt County dairy farmer. "We will be suffering all winter and all spring
because of this summer."

Alexandre, who owns ranches in Ferndale, Eureka and Del Norte County, and a hay
farm in Modoc County, said he has 40 percent less feed going into this winter
than normal.

"Part of that is due to us having a drought year in 2012 too," he said. "When
the cattle were let back out to graze they were super hungry, so we had less
grass yield this year as a result."

The U.S. Department of Agriculture named Humboldt, Del Norte, Siskiyou, Trinity,
Shasta and Mendocino counties as primary natural disaster areas for severe to
exceptional drought levels in August. As of Tuesday, every county in California
was listed as a drought disaster area.

Alexandre said four of the wells on his property in Del Norte went dry for the
first time, and while he was expecting 6 to 7 tons of hay from the Modoc farm,
this year he received less than 5 tons. He said he will have to buy extra feed
this year just to keep the cattle fed.

"Hungry cattle aren't as healthy and they don't perform as well," he said. "They
produce less meat and less milk. There's just less to sell. All of our costs are
higher because we have to buy feed with less production."

USDA Farm Service Agency Humboldt County Executive Officer Katie Delbar said
there has been a 70 percent feed loss in Humboldt County this year. She said the
USDA designation allows affected farmers to apply for up to $500,000 in
emergency farm loans for losses directly caused by the drought.

Alexandre said he probably would not be applying for a USDA loan this year.

"I tried last year and was denied," he said. "I think we're just too big."

Delbar said the emergency loans are for ranchers or farmers less likely to
obtain traditional funding.

"Emergency loans are meant much more for beginning farms," she said. "If you are
able to get a bank loan, then that's what you should be doing."

Delbar said more than 100 Humboldt County farmers are part of the Noninsured
Crop Disaster Assistance Program. She said farmers who bought in to the program
will receive money from the government if they lose more than 50 percent of
their crops during a disaster.

"Those payments haven't been made yet," she said. "We're hoping those go out in
December or January."

Delbar said five disaster assistance programs authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill
have not been funded by Congress.

"I'm really hoping we see better weather in the winter and spring next year,"
she said. "But it's still going to be hard."

For the week of Oct. 15, Humboldt County was in a D-1, or moderate drought,
according to the U.S. drought monitor.

Humboldt County Agriculture Commissioner Jeff Dolf said the lack of rain is
concerning.

"We need to return to a more normal seasonal rainfall pattern for us to really
break this drought," Dolf said. "We thought we were getting a good start with
that initial rainfall we had, but unfortunately it hasn't continued."

National Weather Service meteorologist Scott Carroll said rainfall so far this
season -- which started July 1 -- has been 1.25 inches above normal, but overall
is still 10.5 inches below normal for the year.

Carroll said chances are nearly equal for there to be above or below normal
rainfall for the next three months, with the same nearly equal chances for the
weather to be above or below normal temperatures.

"It looks like we're still solidly in the dry season right now," he said.

On the web:

The latest U.S. drought monitor map is released each Thursday by the National
Drought Mitigation Center. For the latest updates, visitdroughtmonitor.unl.edu
and click on California.

Dried out in Humboldt

Rainfall: 10.5 inches below normal for year

Moderate drought: Designation in October

Feed loss: 70 percent

Farmers in disaster programs: 100

Information on disaster funds:

Contact the Humboldt County USDA service center

located at 5630 South Broadway St. in Eureka.

The phone number is 442-6058.

Lorna Rodriguez contributed to this report.

Catherine Wong can be reached at 441-0514 orcwong@times-standard.com . Follow
her on Twitter and Tout @cmwong27.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 25, 1985, Monday, Late City Final Edition

DOLE SAYS BIGGEST HELP TO FARMERS WOULD BE CUTTING BUDGET DEFICIT

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section A; Page 13, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 926 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 24


Senator Bob Dole today told legislators from the Farm Belt that the best thing
the Government could do for farmers was to reduce the Federal budget deficit.

To do that, the Senate majority leader said, agriculture will have to absorb its
share of spending cuts.

More than 200 officials from 30 states gathered here this weekend to discuss the
growing farm recession in their areas. They plan a major lobbying campaign as
Congress debates emergency farm credit bills this week.

Speaking to these officials at a State of the American Farm Conference, Senator
Dole, a Kansas Republican, said, ''We are not going to be able to help every
farmer in every state with Federal programs, no matter how badly off they may
be.''

''The best thing we should do for your farmers in the long run,'' Mr. Dole said,
''is to bring down the deficit, get the budget into closer balance, and bring
down the interest rates that you say are killing your farmers.''

Promise to Hold Military

In answer to complaints from his audience that agriculture would take the
biggest budget cuts and increases in military spending would not be touched,
Senator Dole replied:

''That's not the way it's going to be. We're going to have a freeze-plus budget,
and defense is going to be included. We wouldn't be sitting down to talk to the
Russians today if we hadn't increased defense money. But we are now going to
hold those increases to somewhere between 2 and 4 percent next year.''

This would be a lower rate of increase than the 5.9 percent, adjusted for
inflation, that President Reagan called for in his 1986 Budget Message.

By a freeze-plus budget, Senator Dole meant that all appropriations would be
frozen at levels no higher than this year's, except where increases have been
committed in past budgets.

State Senator Richard G. Gannon, a Democrat from the wheat-growing area around
Goodland, Kan., agreed with Mr. Dole on the need for cuts in the 1986 budget.
''Yes, we have to get the deficit down and bring interest rates down and
agriculture will have to bear its share of this,'' he said. ''But if we don't
bring some sanity to those 1985 farm act proposals and don't strangle our
farmers with such big aid cuts, there won't be any agriculture left to worry
about.''

The legislators, many of whom are members of farm policy committees of the
National Conference of State Legislatures, will meet again Monday at the J. W.
Marriott Hotel to adopt farm policy resolutions for Congress and to hear
Agriculture Secretary John R. Block.

On Friday Mr. Block disclosed details of the Administration's proposed
''Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1985,'' which would gradually eliminate
subsidies to grain and cotton farmers and sharply reduce the amount of price
support loans these farmers could receive on their 1986 crops.

Farm Crises Every Year

Mr. Dole, who told his listeners that in each of the 25 years he had served in
Congress there had been either a farm problem or a farm crisis, gave no
indication of how much of Mr. Reagan's new farm program he would support.

''At this moment,'' Mr. Dole said, ''the best thing I can say about his
Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1985 is that it will at least focus us on where
we should be going with a new farm bill.''

Earlier, State Senator Charles Byrd of Minnesota said the farmers in his
district regarded the authors of the Administration's farm proposals, Mr. Block
and David A. Stockman, director of the Office of Management and Budget, ''in
common with Auschwitz.''

''My farmers are appalled,'' he told the other legislators, who applauded when
he added, ''I'm a Republican, but I don't know how much longer I'm going to stay
one.''

But they also applauded when Assemblyman Bob Anderson, also of Minnesota,
reminded Mr. Byrd that today's conference was nonpartisan and one purpose was to
show Congress that legislators of both parties wanted something done to help
their farmer constituents.

Focus on Emergency Credit

But the Farm Belt legislators appeared more immediately interested in emergency
credit for farmers either facing bankruptcy or needing money to plant their
spring crops than in the Administration's new farm program.

Farm Belt Democrats in the Senate, who had been delaying the confirmation vote
of Edwin Meese 3d as Attorney General in an effort to force the Administration
to liberalize farm loan guarantees, got a commitment from Mr. Dole last week
that this would be done. Mr. Dole also agreed that senators of both parties
could offer proposals this week on other emergency credit measures, including
advanced payments on price support loans farmers will get on 1985 crops.

''We're certainly on the right track on farm credit,'' Mr. Dole said today.
''But then we've always been. The President offered this same farm debt
restructuring plan last October, saying $650 million would be available for loan
guarantees. Now we're saying that any amount, a billion dollars, two billion,
whatever is needed, will be provided. There is no cap, no limit on this if the
bankers agree to reschedule the farm loans in trouble, using the guarantees
we've provided.''

The Administration also agreed to liberalize the standards the Farmers Home
Administration sets in endorsing the Government guarantees.

Senator Dole told the legislators that they could not expect anything more than
this on emergency farm credit.

''The country bankers are satisified with this expanded package, and they always
go after the best deal they can get,'' he said.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   JULY 13, 1999 Tuesday CNEW JERSEY EDITION

FOR FARMS HIT BY MAY STORM, THE WORST MAY BE YET TO COME

BYLINE: Erika Hobbs, INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1070 words


The quarter-size hail from a single storm in May cost Sal Parzanese $60,000.

At least.

The storm hacked away five acres of the Parzanese Bros. Produce Inc. cucumber
pickle crop, causing the Winslow Township farm to miss out on the early pickle
market.

"They go for about $30 a box," Parzanese said, "and I would have had about 2,000
to 3,000 boxes."

He was one of the lucky ones.

"Mine's not so bad," Parzanese said. "The other ones, especially the peach farms
, they got hit real hard." He has planted more cucumbers, asparagus and sweet
potatoes, which were also wiped out, and said he expected a normal harvest of
those crops this summer.

According to state reports, the May 24 thunderstorm ravaged more than 5,700
acres on 54 of the 1,785 farms in Atlantic, Camden and Gloucester Counties,
destroying a significant quantity of fruit orchards and vegetable crops.
Although the storm also hit Pennsylvania, the damage there was minimal,
agriculture agents said.

Many of the damaged fields have been replanted in time for late harvests.
However, farmers still face a potential financial nightmare. Federal farm aid
has nearly run out, and farmers fear that news of crop damage will steer
commercial buyers away from New Jersey.

"It's happened before," said Richard VanVranken, an agricultural agent with the
Rutgers Cooperative Extension of Atlantic County. "Word got out, and farmers
couldn't sell their [produce].

"But there is still a good quantity and good quality of crops still out there."

According to the National Weather Service in Mount Holly, 58-m.p.h. winds and
large hail ripped through the area that day. Winds of 40 m.p.h. will take down
power lines, said Bill Goodman, a meteorologist at the weather service.

According to a survey by the Rutgers Cooperative Extension of Atlantic County,
the storm flattened a path one mile wide and six miles long from Ancora through
Elm to Hammonton and caused scattered damage elsewhere. Nearly all of the 350
acres of peach orchards in Atlantic County were destroyed, and all 25 acres of
peas were wiped out.

Peach and apple orchards in all three counties were hardest hit. The hail caught
the budding fruit and smashed branches. If those buds live, they could mature
into pockmarked, ugly fruit that will not sell in stores.

In Atlantic County, other crops, including strawberries, peppers and squash,
were also devastated. Even fields with crops left standing had to be replanted
because flooding increased the risk of disease, the report said.

"There's no way to assess the monetary damage" immediately, said Lynn Tjeerdsma,
chief of emergency preparedness and programs at the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. But about 60 percent of the three counties' sweet-corn crop and
more than 40 percent of the strawberry crop were damaged, he said.

Jim Willmott, a Camden County Rutgers Cooperative Extension agricultural agent,
said at least three-quarters of the vegetable crops on Camden County's 200 full-
and part-time farms were damaged. Six of those farms are larger than 200 acres.
The rest are small, part-time farms.

Michelle Infante, an agent in Gloucester County, said the crops there -
including cucumbers, cantaloupe and squash - "look pretty good" and should
bounce back quickly.

"They were hit before they were very mature, and they are growing out of any
damage," she said.

Willmott said consumers were unlikely to be affected by the destruction because
most of the crops had recovered sufficiently to provide attractive produce at
low prices. The real cost of the storm's damage will not be revealed until the
fall, he said.

First, farmers spent unbudgeted money to replant the damaged fields. (Parzanese
estimated that it took an extra 16 hours and eight men to replant his pickle
crop by hand.) Now they may not have the financial safety net of a federal loan
to recoup the losses.

Further, VanVranken said, commercial brokers could avoid New Jersey farmers this
season, sinking farmers even further into debt.

New Jersey growers supply some summer fruit and vegetables to brokers who buy
produce for large grocery-store chains such as Acme and Giant in a region
extending from Canada to Florida and west to Mississippi, he said. Most of
summer produce, however, is sold to chains in the Philadelphia, New York and
Baltimore areas.

If buyers suspect a problem with the state's crops, no matter how minor, they
will bypass the entire state, VanVranken said.

Several years ago, a similar storm hit peach growers in South Jersey, he said.
Many orchards pulled through with unblemished fruit, but skittish buyers still
ignored the state.

"Hail did a good amount of damage in April. Then word got out, and they couldn't
sell their peaches in August," he said.

Farmers are so frightened that their crops will not be bought that at least a
half-dozen did not return repeated phone calls.

"They have been advised not to" by some agriculture agents, VanVranken said.

In June, Gov. Whitman asked the USDA to declare the region a natural-disaster
area, making farmers eligible for low-interest Department of Agriculture
emergency loans.

However, the Farm Service Agency, the USDA division that handles the loans, has
no more money to lend.

"Tremendous, widespread disasters across the county have made the loans more
necessary," said Chuck Ropp, a senior loan officer at the agency in Washington.
An unusual wave of disasters, from the Midwest flooding five years ago to the
recent Oklahoma tornadoes, has driven up the need for emergency assistance, he
said.

South Jersey qualified twice last year for emergency aid, and the May disaster
is the only pending emergency designation this year, said Steve Swieter, acting
state executive director for the Farm Service Agency.

Farmers who have sustained at least a 30 percent crop loss can apply for a 3
percent loan of up to $500,000 from the agency.

But the agency has depleted its $170 million fund for emergency loans as well as
an extra $92 million allocated by Congress in April. Ropp said the agency has
lent about $254 million this year.

Farmers should not give up hope, Ropp said. The agency can help them find
alternative loan sources or process a loan application, pending new funds. He
said the USDA was asking Congress for even more money this year and was trying
to shift money from other agency programs.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO AND MAP;
PHOTO
Sal Parzanese of Winslow had to replant this pickle cucumber field. Now, aid is
scarce, and farmers fear buyers will go elsewhere. (ROSE HOWERTER, Inquirer
Suburban Staff)

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 28, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Farm Loan Unit Raises Its Rates

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 12, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 153 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 27


The Farmers Home Administration said today that it was raising the interest
rates on most of its loans by one-quarter to one and three-quarters points,
effective Saturday.

''The higher rates were necessary because interest rates are increasing and it's
our intent to keep our rates as close as possible with the cost of money to the
U.S. Treasury,'' said Dwight Calhoun, the agency's acting administrator.

The agency's new rates will be as follows: 14 1/2 percent on farm operating
loans, 15 percent on emergency disaster loans, 14 3/4 percent on economic
emergency loans, 13 1/4 percent on single-family rural home loans and 13 1/4
percent on multiple-family housing loans.

Interest rates will remain at 7 percent for very-low-income farm production
loans and 5 percent for very-low-income farm real estate loans.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 20, 2010 Wednesday

Flood damage assistance expanded

BYLINE: Sue Book, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 558 words


Oct. 20--Word of disaster assistance for more families and farmers in Eastern
North Carolina arrived Tuesday.

The major disaster declaration from the Federal Emergency Management Agency was
expanded to include Jones County and three other counties that suffered flood
damage from the remnants of Tropical Storm Nicole.

Storm victims in Jones, Pitt, Brunswick and Pender counties could be eligible
for federal low-interest loans or grants to help with repairs and the
replacement of some personal belongings.

"People need help cleaning, repairing and rebuilding their homes and lives,"
Gov. Bev Perdue said in announcing the expanded declaration. "This financial
assistance is a blessing for so many families at a very difficult time."

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency also announced Tuesday
that the Oct. 14 declaration of disaster from severe storm flooding and
straight-line winds will bring farmers in even more counties relief from crop
losses.

Counties in the primary disaster declaration -- including Craven, Onslow,
Beaufort, Bertie, Hertford and Tyrell -- are also primary counties in the Farm
Service Agency emergency loan program. But it adds another 13 counties,
including Jones, Pamlico, Carteret and Lenoir to the farm families eligible for
crop damage and loss emergency loans.

Others qualifying under the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act for
emergency designation M-1942 include Pitt, Washington, Duplin, Pender, Gates,
Hyde, Halifax, Martin and Northampton counties.

General flood victims can call 1-800-621-FEMA to begin the aid application
process that can be continued on the telephone, online at DisasterAssistance.gov
or by going to a FEMA Disaster Assistance Center. Craven County's center is at
411 Craven St., New Bern.

Perdue said details about disaster recovery centers for Jones, Pitt, Brunswick,
and Pender counties will be made available as soon as they are finalized.

FEMA officials said any designated disaster victim can use any FEMA Disaster
Assistance Center to continue the application process. Centers are now open in
Washington, Windsor, New Bern, Winton, Jacksonville and Columbia.

Farmers in eligible counties may apply for assistance for physical or production
loss by going to the Farm Service Agency at 304 Industrial Drive in Craven
Industrial Park outside New Bern and talking with Sue A. Smithwick. The office
is open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays and the phone number is 252-637-3567.

Perdue had asked for an expanded declaration for eight additional counties but
federal officials denied the request for Camden, Martin, New Hanover and
Washington counties, explaining that those areas did not meet the minimum damage
threshold.

The governor has asked N.C. Emergency Management officials to work closely with
FEMA to submit an appeal for the non-declared counties.

Sue Book can be reached at 252-635-5665 or sbook@freedomenc.com

To see more of the Sun Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newbernsunjournal.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Sun Journal, New Bern,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101020-NS-Flood-damage-assistance-expanded-1020-20101020

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2010 Sun Journal


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Colusa County Sun-Herald (Colousa, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 30, 2012 Tuesday

Disaster loans available for Colusa County farmers

BYLINE: Todd R. Hansen, Colusa County Sun-Herald, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 358 words


Oct. 30--Colusa County farmers impacted by the drought are now eligible for
emergency disaster loans through the US Department of Agriculture.

However, it is doubtful there will be many if any takers.

"The only crop that we have had impacted so far is the rangelands," said Denise
Nannen, with the Farm Service Agency is Colusa County.

And specifically, the unirrigated, native rangelands in the foothills are the
issue.

County Agriculture Commissioner Joe Domiano said that could have some impact on
cattle ranchers, but to qualify for the loan, they would have to show at least a
30 percent loss.

In this case, Domiano explained, it would likely be the result of having to pay
for more feed because the drought has reduced the natural grassland stock.

Colusa County did not apply for disaster county status.

It qualified because it is contiguous to Glenn County, which is one of nearly a
dozen California counties that qualified under emergency conditions in early
September.

Tehama County is another.

Shaleen Hogan, farm loan manager for the Farm Service Agency in Red Bluff, said
rangeland in western Glenn County is the primary issue there, too.

Not only is the concern losses because of drought alone, but because drought
caused conditions that were susceptible to the wildfires that hit the area.

Still, there have been no applications filed for loan relief, and Glenn County
officials, like their Colusa County counterparts, are not sure if they will get
any.

Colusa County experienced five wildfires this summer, though the largest -- the
29,000-acre Mill Fire -- was largely in the Mendocino National Forest and in an
area that would have little or no impact on crop losses.

The others, however, seared open grasslands in the foothills.

What impact that had is unknown, and county officials do not think it will
amount to much.

The application period is open through May 6, 2013. There are a number of other
qualifications, including the inability to obtain credit elsewhere.

___ (c)2012 the Colusa County Sun-Herald (Colusa, Calif.) Visit the Colusa
County Sun-Herald (Colusa, Calif.) at www.colusa-sun-herald.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121030-YE-Disaster-loans
-available-for-Colusa-County-farmers-1030-20121030

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YE


                    Copyright 2012 Colusa County Sun-Herald


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 30, 2014 Friday

Washington: Counties in Oklahoma designated primary natural disaster areas

LENGTH: 309  words

DATELINE: Washington


Marketing Research Association has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated 11 counties in Oklahoma
as primary natural disaster areas due to a recent drought. Those counties are:
Carter

Garvin

Okfuskee

Seminole
Cleveland

Grady

Ottawa

Tulsa
Creek

McClain

Pottawatomie


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Oklahomaalso qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:
Caddo

Lincoln

Pawnee
Canadian

Love

Payne
Comanche

McIntosh

Pontotoc
Craig

Marshall

Rogers
Delaware

Murray

Stephens
Hughes

Oklahoma

Wagoner
Jefferson

Okmulgee

Washington
Johnston

Osage


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas on May 28,
2014, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own
merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity.

Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, The Livestock Forage Disaster Program, the
Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees,
and Farm-Raised Fish Program, and the Tree Assistance Program. Interested
farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further information on
eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and other
programs.

For further information please visit: http://www.marketingresearch.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

USDA calls most of state 'natural disaster area'

BYLINE: By Colin A. Young, State House News Service

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 735 words


BOSTON -- Eleven of the state's 14 counties have been deemed "primary
natural-disaster areas" by the United States Department of Agriculture due to
substantial crop losses that began with a February deep freeze and continued
though a summer marked by severe drought.

Barnstable, Berkshire, Bristol, Essex, Franklin, Hampden, Hampshire, Middlesex,
Norfolk, Plymouth and Worcester counties have been designated as primary
natural-disaster areas, the USDA said, "due to losses caused by frost and freeze
that occurred from February 14 through May 4, 2016."

Farmers in those counties are eligible for low-interest emergency loans from the
USDA's Farm Service Agency, the USDA said. Farmers have eight months to apply
for a loan to help cover part of their losses.

Farmers in Dukes, Nantucket and Suffolk counties --- as well as several counties
in Connecticut, Rhode Island, New Hampshire, New York and Vermont -- also
qualify for the loan program if their farms are in counties contiguous to the
primary disaster areas.

A deep freeze around Valentine's Day wiped out almost all of the state's peach
crop, farmers previously told the News Service, and the state Executive Office
of Energy and Environmental Affairs said Tuesday that other tree fruits were
affected as well.

One local farm hit by this year's meteorological extremes is Carlson Orchards in
Harvard, where the early-season freeze killed off a majority of its peach crop
and the summer drought limited the apple harvest to about 25 percent of what is
normally picked.

Co-owner Frank Carlson said he isn't sure if his farm will take advantage of any
of the new assistance programs.

"Nothing's going to be done until the harvest is over, and we can add everything
up," he said. "Some of these programs are good, but others aren't, so we'll just
have to wait and see."

On top of the deep freeze, Massachusetts farmers have been hit this summer with
an ongoing and widespread drought that has been blamed for contributing to wild
fires, an outbreak of gypsy moths, higher rates of ant infestation,
smaller-than-usual apples, loss of crops, a shortage of cattle feed and an
elevated population of mosquitoes able to carry West Nile virus.

The state earlier this month launched its own $1 million emergency loan fund to
help farmers who have struggled with the impacts of the drought.

"We appreciate the United States Department of Agriculture taking steps to
assist farms across the commonwealth," Gov. Charlie Baker said in a statement.
"I encourage farmers adversely impacted by this year's extreme weather
conditions to explore the USDA programs and the state's Emergency Drought Loan
Fund."

More than half of the state is experiencing an "extreme" drought, the
second-most intense level of dryness on the federal government's scale,
according to the U.S. Drought Monitor. The 52.13 percent of Massachusetts in an
extreme drought stretches from the Pioneer Valley to the Cape Cod Canal, and
encompasses all of Metro Boston and northeastern Massachusetts.

"This year's weather has been a great challenge to Massachusetts farmers, first
with the winter freeze and now with a severe drought," Energy and Environmental
Affairs Secretary Matthew Beaton said in a statement. "Despite that, our farmers
have done a remarkable job at getting high-quality, nutritious food to market,
and I urge Massachusetts residents to buy local to support our hardworking
farmers."

As of Aug. 19, when the application for a USDA disaster declaration was
submitted, Massachusetts farmers had lost just shy of $14 million worth of
crops, according to the USDA Farm Service Agency's Massachusetts office.

The same 11 Massachusetts counties are also eligible for the USDA's Livestock
Forage Disaster Program, which compensates some livestock ranchers who have
suffered "grazing losses on pasture land" due to the drought, the EEA said.

"Our livestock and dairy industry is a significant contributor to the state's
economy, contributing over $70 million dollars annually," Department of
Agricultural Resources Commissioner John Lebeaux said in a statement. "We
appreciate USDA implementing a program to address this specific sector."

Massachusetts farmers interested in applying for the USDA aid should contact
their local USDA Service Center for further information on eligibility
requirements and application procedures, the USDA said. More information is
available at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov .

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The News Herald (Panama City, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 2, 2011 Tuesday

BRIEF: Agricultural Loans Sweeping the Southwest

BYLINE: The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 175 words


Aug. 02--Due to production losses from drought and excessive heat on farms
across 50 southeastern counties, a Secretarial disaster designation rendered an
8-month reparation period for participating counties.

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) will be providing emergency loans as well as the
Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments (SURE) Program.

According to a letter addressed to Governor Rick Scott, Department of
Agriculture's Thomas Vilsak said, "FSA will consider each emergency loan
applications on its own merits, taking into account the extent of production
losses, security available and repayment ability."

Any participating farmers or ranchers may contact the FSA office with any
additional questions.

To see more of The News Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsherald.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The News Herald, Panama City,
Fla. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110802-PY-BRF-Agricultural-Loans-Sweeping-the-Southwest-0802-20110802

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PY


                         Copyright 2011 The News Herald


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

USDA: Most of state, including Middlesex and Worcester counties, 'natural
disaster area'

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 742 words


By Colin A. Young

State House News Service

BOSTON -- Eleven of the state's 14 counties have been deemed "primary natural
disaster areas" by the United States Department of Agriculture due to
substantial crop losses that began with a February deep freeze and continued
though a summer marked by severe drought.

Barnstable, Berkshire, Bristol, Essex, Franklin, Hampden, Hampshire, Middlesex,
Norfolk, Plymouth and Worcester counties have been designated as primary natural
disaster areas, the USDA said, "due to losses caused by frost and freeze that
occurred from February 14 through May 4, 2016."

Farmers in those counties are eligible for low-interest emergency loans from the
USDA's Farm Service Agency, the USDA said. Farmers have eight months to apply
for a loan to help cover part of their losses.

Farmers in Dukes, Nantucket and Suffolk counties --- as well as several counties
in Connecticut, Rhode Island, New Hampshire, New York and Vermont -- also
qualify for the loan program if their farms are in counties contiguous to the
primary disaster areas.

A deep freeze around Valentine's Day wiped out almost all of the state's peach
crop, farmers previously told the News Service, and the state Executive Office
of Energy and Environmental Affairs said Tuesday that other tree fruits were
affected as well.

One local farm hit by this year's meteorological extremes is Carlson Orchards in
Harvard, where the early-season freeze killed off a majority of its peach crop
and the summer drought limited the apple harvest to about 25 percent of what is
normally picked.

Co-owner Frank Carlson said he isn't sure if his farm will take advantage of any
of the new assistance programs.

"Nothing's going to be done until the harvest is over, and we can add everything
up," he said. "Some of these programs are good, but others aren't, so we'll just
have to wait and see."

On top of the deep freeze, Massachusetts farmers have been hit this summer with
an ongoing and widespread drought that has been blamed for contributing to wild
fires, an outbreak of gypsy moths, higher rates of ant infestation,
smaller-than-usual apples, loss of crops, a shortage of cattle feed and an
elevated population of mosquitoes able to carry West Nile virus.

The state earlier this month launched its own $1 million emergency loan fund to
help farmers who have struggled with the impacts of the drought.

"We appreciate the United States Department of Agriculture taking steps to
assist farms across the commonwealth," Gov. Charlie Baker said in a statement.
"I encourage farmers adversely impacted by this year's extreme weather
conditions to explore the USDA programs and the state's Emergency Drought Loan
Fund."

More than half of the state is experiencing an "extreme" drought, the
second-most intense level of dryness on the federal government's scale,
according to the U.S. Drought Monitor. The 52.13 percent of Massachusetts in an
extreme drought stretches from the Pioneer Valley to the Cape Cod Canal, and
encompasses all of Metro Boston and northeastern Massachusetts.

"This year's weather has been a great challenge to Massachusetts farmers, first
with the winter freeze and now with a severe drought," Energy and Environmental
Affairs Secretary Matthew Beaton said in a statement. "Despite that, our farmers
have done a remarkable job at getting high-quality, nutritious food to market,
and I urge Massachusetts residents to buy local to support our hardworking
farmers."

As of Aug. 19, when the application for a USDA disaster declaration was
submitted, Massachusetts farmers had lost just shy of $14 million worth of
crops, according to the USDA Farm Service Agency's Massachusetts office.

The same 11 Massachusetts counties are also eligible for the USDA's Livestock
Forage Disaster Program, which compensates some livestock ranchers who have
suffered "grazing losses on pasture land" due to the drought, the EEA said.

"Our livestock and dairy industry is a significant contributor to the state's
economy, contributing over $70 million dollars annually," Department of
Agricultural Resources Commissioner John Lebeaux said in a statement. "We
appreciate USDA implementing a program to address this specific sector."

Massachusetts farmers interested in applying for the USDA aid should contact
their local USDA Service Center for further information on eligibility
requirements and application procedures, the USDA said. More information is
available at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov .

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bill Broderick, owner of Sunny Crest Orchards in Sterling, shows how
the deep freeze in mid-April killed the peach crop. The gray buds are those
affected by the below-freezing weather.SENTINEL & ENTERPRISE FILE PHOTO Sentinel
and Enterprise staff photos can be ordered by visiting our SmugMug site.
Bill Broderick, owner of Sunny Crest Orchards in Sterling, shows how the deep
freeze in mid-April killed the peach crop. The gray buds are those affected by
the below-freezing weather.SENTINEL & ENTERPRISE FILE PHOTO Sentinel and
Enterprise staff photos can be ordered by visiting our SmugMug site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Hancock News (Maryland)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 23, 2011

Crop loss relief available to most Maryland farmers

BYLINE: The Hancock News staff

LENGTH: 226  words


Maryland has received approval from U.S.

Agriculture Secretary Thomas Vilsack for a disaster designation for widespread
crop losses due to extreme weather conditions this year, which included
excessive heat, drought and damage resulting from Hurricane Irene and Tropical
Storm Lee.

"It is our hope that the designation will provide relief to the farmers who need
it and help them prepare for the next growing season," said Governor Martin
O'Malley.

From April through October, Maryland farmers experienced widespread crop losses
due to weather conditions, said State Agriculture Secretary Buddy Hance. Farmers
in the disaster designation areas experienced market value losses of more than
30%.

This designation allows farmers in Washington, Allegany, Frederick and most
other counties to be eligible to be considered for assistance from the U.S. Farm
Service Agency. Farmers must have purchased crop insurance on eligible crops to
quality for USDA disaster assistance programs.

The assistance includes Farm Service Agency emergency loans and the Supplemental
Revenue Assistance Payments Program. Farmers in eligible counties have eight
months to apply for emergency loan assistance.

The Farm Service Agency will consider each emergency loan application on its own
merits, taking into account the extent of production losses, security available
and repayment ability.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HCK

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2011 The Hancock News


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 15, 2008 Monday

Deadline nears for disaster relief

BYLINE: Vershal Hogan, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 328 words


Sep. 15--VIDALIA -- Tuesday is the last day for local farmers to buy into the
federal disaster assistance programs.

Should the area in which they farm be declared a disaster, the buy-in will allow
farmers to be eligible for any 2008 federal disaster assistance programs
Catahoula Parish was declared a disaster area following Hurricane Gustav, and
though it is not a declared disaster area, Concordia Parish suffered significant
crop losses.

Because the 2008 farm bill passed after the sign up period ended for some
insurance, the buy-in is also for farmers who did not get crop insurance this
year. The administrative fee for the buy-in is $100 per commercial enterprise,
including pastures.

The buy-in is through the Farm Service Agency crop insurance program.

If the area is declared a disaster at some point in 2008, those who bought into
the program and experienced losses will be eligible for benefits under the
Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments Program, the Livestock Forage Disaster
Program, the Tree Assistance Program and the Emergency Assistance Livestock,
Honeybees and Farm-Raised Fish Program.

Another way the farm service can help farmers is by providing emergency loans to
help them recover from a declared disaster.

To qualify for the loans, a farmer must have suffered a loss of at least 30
percent, Farm Loan Manager for Concordia Parish's FSA office Calvin Adams said
at a meeting with local farmers last Tuesday.

In Concordia Parish, the FSA office is located at 8331 U.S. 84, in Ferriday, and
can be reached at 318-757-4870.

To see more of the Natchez Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.natchezdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080915-YY-Deadline-nears-for-disaster-relief-0915

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                                 Copyright 2008


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                           August 20, 2008 Wednesday

Drought devastates county's pastures

BYLINE: By Rob Rogers

SECTION: MARIN; News

LENGTH: 447 words


No one had to tell George Grossi that drought has wreaked havoc on Marin's
farmers and ranchers this year.

"We have a couple of areas with very little pasture. Cattle could only stay
there a very short time, and then I had to feed them hay," the Novato rancher
said. "And I was fortunate because I had some lower pastures. Those people who
have had to buy a lot of hay may have had to cut cattle in order to get by."

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has declared Marin County a primary natural
disaster area due to the drought conditions over the 2007-08 winter and spring.
The declaration means farmers and ranchers are eligible for low-interest
emergency loans from the USDA's Farm Service Agency to help cover some of their
losses.

Marin supervisors declared an agricultural emergency in June, after the county's
driest spring since 1879. Agricultural Commissioner Stacy Carlsen estimated at
that time that county cattle ranchers had suffered a 70 percent loss of forage
as a result.

While no estimates were immediately available on the amount of damage caused by
the drought, milk made up 58 percent of the county's $67 million agricultural
output in 2007, while beef cattle amounted to $8 million.

Novato's Grossi said Marin's beef and dairy ranchers have been hit with a double
whammy - a lack of grass to feed their cows and skyrocketing costs for feed.

"The time when we really get grass growth are the late rains after the first of
March," Grossi said. "We could get all the rain in the world in January and
February and still have a poor grass season. This year, from the first of March
on, we had no rain. Some grass did grow on the flat ground, but on the hills, it
never got going."

Marin and Sonoma counties are among 37 California counties designated by the
USDA as drought disaster areas. Farmers and ranchers will have eight months to
apply for emergency loans or seek help from other programs.

In addition, small non-farm businesses in Marin can offset drought losses
through low-interest disaster loans of up to $2 million available from the U.S.
Small Business Administration.

Grossi said he had no idea how many farmers might take advantage of the
programs.

"It's all going to depend on what the programs look like," Grossi said. "Most
people definitely don't know what's going to be available."

Information on farm aid programs from the local Farm Service Agency is available
at 707-664-8593 or from www.fsa.usda.gov . Information for non-farm businesses
seeking disaster loans is available at 800-659-2955 or online at
www.sba.gov/services/disasterassistance .

Contact Rob Rogers via e-mail at rrogers@marinij.com

Read more West Marin stories at the IJ's West Marin section.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A cow on Ted McIsaac's ranch in Olema eats grain that had to supply
because of the sparse amount of pasture grass available.
Rancher Ted McIsaac of Olema looks at the condition of one of his
drought-stricken pastures.
Ted McIsaac shovels feed for some of his beef cattle herd in Olema.Because of a
drought, McIsaac has had to supplement the herd's feed four months earlier than
normal.
Beef cattle on Ted McIsaac's ranch in Olema walk in a pasture. In an average
rainfall year, the pasture would have grass a foot or two high.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2008 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

US Dept. of Agriculture: 11 counties   including Berkshire   officially 'natural
disaster areas'

BYLINE: By Colin A. Young State House News Service

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 642 words


BOSTON &GT;&GT; Eleven of the state's 14 counties have been deemed "primary
natural disaster areas" by the United States Department of Agriculture due to
substantial crop losses that began with a February deep freeze and continued
though a summer marked by severe drought.

Barnstable, Berkshire, Bristol, Essex, Franklin, Hampden, Hampshire, Middlesex,
Norfolk, Plymouth and Worcester counties were designated as primary natural
disaster areas, the USDA said, "due to losses caused by frost and freeze that
occurred from February 14 through May 4, 2016."

Farmers in those counties are eligible for low interest emergency loans from the
USDA's Farm Service Agency, the USDA said. Farmers have eight months to apply
for a loan to help cover part of their losses.

Farmers in Dukes, Nantucket and Suffolk counties -- as well as several counties
in Connecticut, Rhode Island, New Hampshire, New York and Vermont -- also
qualify for the loan program if their farms are in counties contiguous to the
primary disaster areas.

A deep freeze around Valentine's Day wiped out almost all of the state's peach
crop, farmers previously told the News Service, and the Executive Office of
Energy and Environmental Affairs said Tuesday that other tree fruits were
affected as well.

On top of the deep freeze, Massachusetts farmers have been hit this season with
an ongoing and widespread drought that's been blamed for contributing to wild
fires, an outbreak of gypsy moths, higher rates of ant infestation, smaller than
usual apples, loss of crops, a shortage of cattle feed, and an elevated
population of mosquitoes able to carry West Nile virus.

The state earlier this month launched its own $1 million emergency loan fund to
help farmers who have struggled with the impacts of the drought.

"We appreciate the United States Department of Agriculture taking steps to
assist farms across the Commonwealth," Gov. Charlie Baker said in a statement.
"I encourage farmers adversely impacted by this year's extreme weather
conditions to explore the USDA programs and the state's Emergency Drought Loan
Fund."

More than half of the state is experiencing an "extreme" drought, the
second-most intense level of dryness on the federal government's scale,
according to the U.S. Drought Monitor. The 52.13 percent of Massachusetts in an
extreme drought stretches from the Pioneer Valley to the Cape Cod Canal, and
encompasses all of Metro Boston and northeastern Massachusetts.

"This year's weather has been a great challenge to Massachusetts farmers; first
with the winter freeze and now with a severe drought," Energy and Environmental
Affairs Secretary Matthew Beaton said in a statement. "Despite that, our farmers
have done a remarkable job at getting high-quality, nutritious food to market,
and I urge Massachusetts residents to buy local to support our hardworking
farmers."

As of Aug. 19, when the application for a USDA disaster declaration was
submitted, Massachusetts farmers had lost just shy of $14 million worth of
crops, according to the USDA Farm Service Agency's Massachusetts office.

The same 11 Massachusetts counties are also eligible for the USDA's Livestock
Forage Disaster Program, which compensates some livestock ranchers who have
suffered "grazing losses on pasture land" due to the drought, EEA said.

"Our livestock and dairy industry is a significant contributor to the state's
economy, contributing over $70 million dollars annually," Department of
Agricultural Resources Commissioner John Lebeaux said in a statement. "We
appreciate USDA implementing a program to address this specific sector."

Massachusetts farmers interested in applying for the USDA aid should contact
their local USDA Service Center for further information on eligibility
requirements and application procedures, the USDA said. More information is
available at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov .

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

USDA declares most of state 'natural disaster area'

BYLINE: State House News Service

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 641 words


BOSTON -- Eleven of the state's 14 counties have been deemed "primary natural
disaster areas" by the United States Department of Agriculture due to
substantial crop losses that began with a February deep freeze and continued
though a summer marked by severe drought.

Barnstable, Berkshire, Bristol, Essex, Franklin, Hampden, Hampshire, Middlesex,
Norfolk, Plymouth and Worcester counties were designated as primary natural
disaster areas, the USDA said, "due to losses caused by frost and freeze that
occurred from February 14 through May 4, 2016."

Farmers in those counties are eligible for low interest emergency loans from the
USDA's Farm Service Agency, the USDA said. Farmers have eight months to apply
for a loan to help cover part of their losses.

Farmers in Dukes, Nantucket and Suffolk counties -- as well as several counties
in Connecticut, Rhode Island, New Hampshire, New York and Vermont -- also
qualify for the loan program if their farms are in counties contiguous to the
primary disaster areas.

A deep freeze around Valentine's Day wiped out almost all of the state's peach
crop, farmers previously told the News Service, and the Executive Office of
Energy and Environmental Affairs said Tuesday that other tree fruits were
affected as well.

On top of the deep freeze, Massachusetts farmers have been hit this season with
an ongoing and widespread drought that's been blamed for contributing to wild
fires, an outbreak of gypsy moths, higher rates of ant infestation, smaller than
usual apples, loss of crops, a shortage of cattle feed, and an elevated
population of mosquitoes able to carry West Nile virus.

The state earlier this month launched its own $1 million emergency loan fund to
help farmers who have struggled with the impacts of the drought.

"We appreciate the United States Department of Agriculture taking steps to
assist farms across the Commonwealth," Gov. Charlie Baker said in a statement.
"I encourage farmers adversely impacted by this year's extreme weather
conditions to explore the USDA programs and the state's Emergency Drought Loan
Fund."

More than half of the state is experiencing an "extreme" drought, the
second-most intense level of dryness on the federal government's scale,
according to the U.S. Drought Monitor. The 52.13 percent of Massachusetts in an
extreme drought stretches from the Pioneer Valley to the Cape Cod Canal, and
encompasses all of Metro Boston and northeastern Massachusetts.

"This year's weather has been a great challenge to Massachusetts farmers; first
with the winter freeze and now with a severe drought," Energy and Environmental
Affairs Secretary Matthew Beaton said in a statement. "Despite that, our farmers
have done a remarkable job at getting high-quality, nutritious food to market,
and I urge Massachusetts residents to buy local to support our hardworking
farmers."

As of Aug. 19, when the application for a USDA disaster declaration was
submitted, Massachusetts farmers had lost just shy of $14 million worth of
crops, according to the USDA Farm Service Agency's Massachusetts office.

The same 11 Massachusetts counties are also eligible for the USDA's Livestock
Forage Disaster Program, which compensates some livestock ranchers who have
suffered "grazing losses on pasture land" due to the drought, EEA said.

"Our livestock and dairy industry is a significant contributor to the state's
economy, contributing over $70 million dollars annually," Department of
Agricultural Resources Commissioner John Lebeaux said in a statement. "We
appreciate USDA implementing a program to address this specific sector."

Massachusetts farmers interested in applying for the USDA aid should contact
their local USDA Service Center for further information on eligibility
requirements and application procedures, the USDA said. More information is
available at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov .

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Glenville Democrat (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 30, 2012

Expanding Access to Credit in Rural America

BYLINE: The Glenville Democrat staff

LENGTH: 416  words


As drought continues across America, President Obama and I continue doing all we
can to help producers. In addition to the actions we've already taken, we will
continue to call on Congress to pass a Food, Farm and Jobs Bill that gives USDA
more tools to help, while providing more certainty for our producers.

Throughout this disaster, USDA has worked hard to offer emergency access to
credit for farmers and ranchers.

In the early days of the drought, USDA acted to lower the interest rate for FSA
Emergency Loans from 3.75 percent to 2.25 percent. This week, USDA announced
that we will modify emergency loans by allowing loans to be made earlier in the
season - helping livestock producers to offset increased feed costs, as well as
those who have liquidated herds.

In addition we've continued working with the Small Business Administration and
the National Credit Union Administration to further increase emergency lending
in drought-stricken areas.

But the importance of access to credit in rural America goes well beyond the
current drought. Under President Obama, USDA has made access to credit a
priority for producers, for rural businesses, and for families and we have
achieved a record amount of accomplishments.

Since 2009, USDA has made or guaranteed a record number of loans for farmers and
ranchers more than $1.8 billion in loans for nearly 130,000 producers.

USDA has made a record level of loans, along with grants, to help nearly 58,000
rural small businesses grow, creating or saving hundreds of thousands of jobs in
rural areas.

We've provided loans and loan guarantees for more than 520,000 families to buy
or refinance a home, to ensure that Americans who are working hard and playing
by the rules have a chance to achieve the dream of homeownership.

And USDA lending is helping to develop a strong biobased economy in America.
This August alone, USDA added two new loan guarantee efforts to help build
advanced biofuel plants in Nevada and North Carolina that will continue our work
to make America more energy secure, while bringing hundreds of new jobs to those
states.

We're proud of these results, but we can keep building on our success. We can
help more producers get a loan to buy or improve a farm. We can help small
business owners expand their operations. We can do more to grow the biobased
economy.

By giving folks in rural areas more tools to succeed, USDA will continue to
create good-paying jobs in rural America while helping strengthen our nation's
economy as a whole.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regional Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GNV

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 The Glenville Democrat


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Cleburne Times-Review (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 31, 2015 Friday

County farmers have options for assistance

BYLINE: Jessica Pounds, Cleburne Times-Review, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 578 words


July 31--Johnson County farmers and ranchers impacted by the May 4 to June 19
storms, tornadoes, straight-line winds and flooding may be eligible to receive
assistance from several agencies.

Texas, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, leads the nation with
248,000 farms and ranches covering more than 130 million acres. The economic
impact of food and fiber grown in Texas amounts to more than $100 billion each
year.

According to the Federal Emergency Management Agency, many farmers and ranchers
still need grants to pay for temporary housing and minor home repairs, grants to
replace personal property and grants to pay for serious immediate needs not
covered by insurance.

Deputy State Coordinating Officer Duke Mazurek of the Texas Governor's Division
of Emergency Management said farmers and ranchers who sustained damage to their
primary residences should call FEMA at 800-621-3362.

"We understand the needs of rural Texans," Mazurek said."Farmers and ranchers
are a strong part of many communities. We want to make sure they're aware of the
help available to rebuild their operations and recover from the disaster."

In Johnson County, 184 families have registered for FEMA assistance, with more
than $284,000 awarded so far.

Johnson County Emergency Management Director Jamie Moore said his agency is
aware of many farms that had adverse effects from the storms and flooding.

"[There has been] everything from loss of livestock life to inability to harvest
crops in wet fields," Moore said. "Though many are insured -- which will assist
in their recovery -- application to FEMA is recommended as an option. And
because agriculture plays such a vital role in the U.S. economy, everyone has a
vested interest in seeing those affected in Johnson County getting back up on
their feet as quickly as possible."

The deadline to register with FEMA was extended from July 28 to Aug. 27.

FEMA Public Information Officer Nate Custer said the extension was given to the
entire state.

"As additional counties were added to the Individual Assistance declaration, the
original deadline of July 28 remained in place," Custer said. "But with that
giving survivors only a few weeks to register, the state requested, and FEMA
agreed, for the extension."

The U.S. Small Business Administration also offers several benefits to farmers
and ranchers to rebuild or repair their loss of damaged property including
low-interest loans and livestock or tree reimbursement.

USDA's Farm Service Agency provides emergency loans to help producers restore or
replace property, pay all or part of production costs associated with the
disaster year, pay essential family living expenses, reorganize the farming
operation and refinance certain debts, excluding real estate.

The maximum loan amount for an emergency loan is $500,000.

The Livestock Indemnity Program provides benefits to livestock producers for
livestock deaths in excess of normal mortality caused by adverse weather or by
attacks by animals reintroduced into the wild by the federal government.

The Tree Assistance Program provides financial assistance to qualifying
orchardists and nursery tree growers to replant or rehabilitate eligible trees,
bushes and vines damaged by natural disasters.

For applications for USDA benefits, visit www.fsa.usda.gov.

___ (c)2015 the Cleburne Times-Review (Cleburne, Texas) Visit the Cleburne
Times-Review (Cleburne, Texas) at www.cleburnetimesreview.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150731-XT-County-farmers-have-options-for-assistance-0731-20150731

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XT


                      Copyright 2015 Cleburne Times-Review


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            October 28, 2012 Sunday

Farm Briefs for Oct. 28

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 418 words


Glenn/Colusa water projects funds

The deadline to sign up for water enhancement projects in the Colusa/Glenn
watershed is Nov. 16. The Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) and
Colusa Glenn Subwatershed Program (CGSP) secured funding through the
Agricultural Water Enhancement Program for surface and groundwater projects to
enhance water quality and quantity within the area.

Property owners with irrigated land would be encouraged to use best management
practices to increase irrigation efficiency, decrease sediment runoff and
flooding and improve surface and groundwater quality.

For information, contact the Glenn NRCS, 132 N. Enright Ave., Suite B in
Willows, 934-4601 ext. 3.

Agribee gets national recognition

The Butte County Farm Bureau was recognized by the American Farm Bureau
Federation for its innovative program, the Agribee, and will be given an award
at the annual national farm bureau event in January in Nashville, a press
release from the California Farm Bureau Federation stated.

Butte is among 25 county groups in the nation to be recognized, and only one of
two counties in California.

The Agribee is a spelling bee with a special emphasis on the area's agriculture.
Students throughout the region participate, studying terms related to farming
and ranching. About 40 member volunteers help plan the spell-and-define
competitions at participating schools, where fourth- and fifth-graders vie for a
spot at the six-county regional finals. Farm Bureau members help judge the
contests.

Emergency loans for drought loss

Thirty-six counties, including Glenn and Butte, are eligible for emergency farm
loans for drought that occurred since Jan. 1 and is continuing.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture will offer the loans for losses of 30 percent
or more, where other lines of credit are not available, as well as other
requirements.

A FSA Service center includes the one in Willows, 132-A N. Enright Avenue,
934-4669.

Webinar for organic seed slated

The Organic Seed Alliance will hold an eOrganic webinar Nov. 16 at 10 a.m.

The tutorials include instructions on producing beets and chard, brassicas,
carrots, lettuce, onions and wet-seeded crops.

To
register:http://www.extension.org/pages/65533/using-the-eorganic-organic-seed-pr
oduction-tutorials-webinar .

Family Water Alliance dinner

The annual "Hot Cajun Night" dinner, auction and raffle for Family Water
Alliance takes place Nov. 17 beginning at 5:30 p.m. at the American Legion Hall
in Maxwell. Tickets are $25. For information call 438-2026.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            October 28, 2012 Sunday

Farm Briefs for Oct. 28

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 418 words


Glenn/Colusa water projects funds

The deadline to sign up for water enhancement projects in the Colusa/Glenn
watershed is Nov. 16. The Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) and
Colusa Glenn Subwatershed Program (CGSP) secured funding through the
Agricultural Water Enhancement Program for surface and groundwater projects to
enhance water quality and quantity within the area.

Property owners with irrigated land would be encouraged to use best management
practices to increase irrigation efficiency, decrease sediment runoff and
flooding and improve surface and groundwater quality.

For information, contact the Glenn NRCS, 132 N. Enright Ave., Suite B in
Willows, 934-4601 ext. 3.

Agribee gets national recognition

The Butte County Farm Bureau was recognized by the American Farm Bureau
Federation for its innovative program, the Agribee, and will be given an award
at the annual national farm bureau event in January in Nashville, a press
release from the California Farm Bureau Federation stated.

Butte is among 25 county groups in the nation to be recognized, and only one of
two counties in California.

The Agribee is a spelling bee with a special emphasis on the area's agriculture.
Students throughout the region participate, studying terms related to farming
and ranching. About 40 member volunteers help plan the spell-and-define
competitions at participating schools, where fourth- and fifth-graders vie for a
spot at the six-county regional finals. Farm Bureau members help judge the
contests.

Emergency loans for drought loss

Thirty-six counties, including Glenn and Butte, are eligible for emergency farm
loans for drought that occurred since Jan. 1 and is continuing.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture will offer the loans for losses of 30 percent
or more, where other lines of credit are not available, as well as other
requirements.

A FSA Service center includes the one in Willows, 132-A N. Enright Avenue,
934-4669.

Webinar for organic seed slated

The Organic Seed Alliance will hold an eOrganic webinar Nov. 16 at 10 a.m.

The tutorials include instructions on producing beets and chard, brassicas,
carrots, lettuce, onions and wet-seeded crops.

To
register:http://www.extension.org/pages/65533/using-the-eorganic-organic-seed-pr
oduction-tutorials-webinar .

Family Water Alliance dinner

The annual "Hot Cajun Night" dinner, auction and raffle for Family Water
Alliance takes place Nov. 17 beginning at 5:30 p.m. at the American Legion Hall
in Maxwell. Tickets are $25. For information call 438-2026.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 13, 2012 Saturday

Aid programs available from farm officials

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 804 words


Oct. 13--AMBOY -- The sign-up period for the U.S. Farm Service Agency's
2011-crop year Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments program opens Oct. 22.

SURE authorizes assistance to farmers and ranchers who suffered crop losses
caused by natural disasters occurring through Sept. 30, 2011. The U.S.
Department of Agriculture's authority to operate the program ended on that date.
Production losses after Sept. 30, 2011, because of disasters are not eligible
for program coverage.

To be eligible for SURE, a farm or ranch must have:

n At least a 10 percent production loss on a crop of economic significance.

n A policy or plan of insurance under the Federal Crop Insurance Act or the
Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program for all economically significant
crops.

n Been physically located in a county declared a primary disaster county or
contiguous county by the Secretary of Agriculture under a Secretarial Disaster
Designation.

The deadline for signing up is June 7. Visit www.fsa.usda.gov/sure or the Lee
County FSA office at 319 S. Mason Ave., Amboy, for more information.

Changes made to farm loans

AMBOY -- Recent modifications have been made to the U.S. Farm Service Agency's
Emergency Loan program to speed up calculation of grazing losses in pasture for
livestock operations.

Producers will no longer have to wait until the end of the production cycle to
obtain a loan. The change is applicable for applicants in "Fast Track"
designated counties, that suffered from a drought intensity value of at least D2
(Drought-Severe) for 8 or more consecutive weeks, or D3 (Drought-Extreme) or
higher at any time during the growing season according to the U.S. Drought
Monitor. Visit droughtmonitor.unl.edu for more information about drought
ratings.

Emergency Loan funds could be used if an operation liquidates livestock due to a
lack of available feed. Loan funds can be used to cover lost income from animals
sold and lost income from offspring.

Other uses include pasture losses; crops planted for grain and later chopped for
use as silage; loss of nursery plants; losses in contact livestock, if the loss
of income can directly be attributed to the disaster; lost milk production;
losses to perennial crops, such as Christmas trees, and fruit or nut bearing
trees; and equine losses for applicants whose primary income is received from
breeding, raising, and selling  horses.

Call John Prange in Morrison at 815-772-2124, or Dave Peterson in Oregon at
815-732-6127, for more information.

Keep good records

AMBOY -- Farm Service Agency staff are encouraging livestock producers affected
by natural disasters to keep thorough records of livestock and feed losses.

Important information to track includes:

n Documentation of the number and kind of livestock that have died, supplemented
if possible by photographs or video records of ownership and losses.

n Dates of death supported by birth recordings or purchase receipts.

n Costs of transporting livestock to safer grounds or to move animals to new
pastures.

n Feed purchases if supplies or grazing pastures are destroyed.

The department's authority to operate five disaster assistance programs
authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill expired Sept. 30, 2011. The programs are SURE;
the Livestock Indemnity Program; the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honey
Bees, and Farm-Raised Fish; the Livestock Forage Disaster Program; and the Tree
Assistance Program (TAP). Currently, production losses from disasters occurring
after Sept. 30, 2011, are not eligible for disaster program coverage.

Producers should call their county FSA office and dial ext. 2 for more
information. In Whiteside County call, 815-772-2124; Lee County, 815-857-3621;
Ogle County, 815-732-6127; Bureau County, 815- 875-8732; and Mount Carroll,
815-244-8732.

Risk information updated

AMBOY -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Risk Management Agency recently
released an information update for farmers considering planting cover crops this
fall.

Producers in Illinois, Indiana, Michigan or Ohio wanting to insure a crop
planted in spring 2013 following a cover crop must stop haying or grazing the
cover crop by May 10, and terminate all cover crop growth at least 7 days before
the final planting date for the spring crop to be planted. Suggested crops
include corn, sweet corn, popcorn, hybrid seed corn, processing pumpkins,
soybeans, processing beans and grain sorghum.

In areas where a double-cropping practice is insurable, producers may be able to
insure soybeans, processing beans and grain sorghum without meeting the
requirements above. However, additional rules and higher premium rates apply.
Producers should contact their insurance agent for more information.

___ (c)2012 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121013-YG-Aid-programs-available-from-farm-officials-1013-20121013

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2012 Daily Gazette


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 27, 2010 Saturday

Federal disaster aid available

BYLINE: The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 297 words


Mar. 27--On March 18, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack declared a natural
disaster in North Carolina based on losses caused by excessive rain and flooding
that occurred from Nov. 1, 2009 through Dec. 31, 2009.

As a result, 13 counties were declared eligible for federal disaster assistance,
including Farm Service Agency emergency loans for eligible family farmers.

The primary disaster counties are Camden, Carteret, Craven, Currituck, Durham,
Granville, Greene, New Hanover, Onslow, Orange, Pasquotank, Pender and
Washington.

In addition to the 13 primary counties, 26 additional counties were named as
contiguous counties where eligible family farmers may qualify for FSA emergency
loan assistance in accordance with Section 321 (a) of the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act.

Those counties are Alamance, Beaufort, Bertie, Bladen, Brunswick, Caswell,
Chatham, Columbus, Dare, Duplin, Franklin, Gates, Hyde, Jones, Lenoir, Martin,
Pamlico, Perquimans, Person, Pitt, Sampson, Tyrrell, Vance, Wake, Wayne and
Wilson.

Effective March 18, farmers in these counties may apply for emergency loan for
production losses.

Nov. 18 is the deadline for filing an application. The local office is located
at 1806 Goldsboro St., SW between the hours of 7 a.m. and 5 p.m. Any farmer who
suffered a production loss should contact the office for additional information.

To see more of The Wilson Daily Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.wilsondaily.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100327-ZW-Federal-disaster-aid-available-0327

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2010 The Wilson Daily Times


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 4, 2012 Wednesday

BRIEF: Federal government approves drought disaster for 62 Colorado counties

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 185 words


July 04--All but two of Colorado's 64 counties were designated as drought
disaster areas Tuesday by U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack.

All counties except Delta and San Juan qualify to receive federal assistance,
including Farm Service Agency emergency loans. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months to apply for emergency loan assistance, according to a news release
from Gov. John Hickenlooper's Office.

Vilsack designated the counties as disaster areas because of the losses caused
by drought, excessive heat and high winds.

"This federal disaster declaration will give farmers and ranchers in Weld County
and nearly every other part of the state much needed relief," Hickenlooper said
in a news release.

The Farm Service Agency evaluates loan applications on its own merits,
accounting for the extent of production losses, security available and repayment
ability.

Local Farm Service Agency offices can provide farmers with more information.

___ (c)2012 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120704-GY-BRF-Federal-government-approves-drought-disaster-for-62-Colorado-cou
nties-0704-20120704

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2012 Greeley Tribune


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                          September 21, 2006 Thursday

Business Briefs

BYLINE: By Michael L. Whiteley/Business Editor

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 1382 words


Tao's Movin'-on Party

With the recent announcement that Tao Stadler is retiring as executive manager
and publications editor of the Oroville Area Chamber of Commerce we would like
to announce his going away party will take place on September 26th, at 5:30
p.m., at Vino Vino's Banquet Room at 1351 Myers Street. Though it is sad to see
him go, the local business community and those who have come to know Tao through
the years are welcome to attend this fun event with hors d'oeuvres, a no host
bar. A suggested donation of $10 per person will be requested at the door to
cover a gift and party expenses.

Checkers new lunch menus are available online

Are you having a special event, corporate affair or a group getting together for
lunch or dinner? Checkers has facilities to accommodate 25 to 100 people by
reservation.

Lunch is served Tuesday through Friday, 11:30 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. Dinner is served
Friday and Saturday, 5:30 p.m. to closing. Remember, call early to secure the
date for your Christmas Party luncheon or dinner banquet.

Checkers "To Go" offers a variety of gourmet Hot Dogs, Frozen Yogurt, fresh
green salads and cookies that are baked daily. Hours are Monday through Friday,
11:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.

Checkers new lunch menu for Sept. 12-22 can be viewed at:
www.checkersdining.com/lunch.htm

United Country ­ Brand & Associates Opens in Oroville

As of August, Adonna Brand, owner/broker, has recently become affiliated with
United Country Real Estate in Oroville. Her office, located at 695 Oro Dam
Blvd.,, will be known as United Country ­ Brand & Associates.

Brand is a Realtor® with more than 30 years of real estate sales and marketing
experience. She is a member of the Oroville Chamber of Commerce and the Oroville
Association of Realtors and Multiple Listing Service.

United Country ­ Brand & Associates can be contacted by phone at: (530)
533-1255, and on the Internet at: www.unitedcountry.com. The office will serve
Butte County and the surrounding areas.

United Country is a national real estate franchise system specializing in
residential, farm and ranch, commercial and recreational properties in rural
America. With a heritage that dates back to 1925 and headquartered in Kansas
City, Missouri, the company has more than 570 franchises in 38 states and a
national database of properties.

Local crew member attends Noah's Ark Animal workshop National Convention

Palermo ­ Michele Silvas, a Palermo resident and crew member for Noah's Ark
Animal Workshop in Palermo, recently attended Noah's Ark's national Rainbow
Stars Convention held in July in Oakbrook, Illinois.

"The conference is a great opportunity to receive entertainment ideas, new
products and learn unique, new ways to make stuffed animal magic," said Silvas.
"The company makes the conference both exciting and educational."

The two-day conference brought together professionals from various industries
and crew members from across the country to shed light on new party ideas and
recently launched products. As attendees, crew members were eligible to be the
first in the company to launch a new workshop concept called Bella Bee Workshop.
Bella Bee is a traveling glamour girl's workshop that gives girls the trendy
glitter and shine products they love in an interactive party atmosphere, which
focuses on building confidence and character.

"Having learned valuable information and embraced new party ideas, I am excited
to serve the Palermo area as well as the greater Oroville area with more
expertise, enthusiasm and energy," said Silvas.

Noah's Ark Animal Workshop is a traveling Stuff-N-Fluff workshop that offers
independent crew members the chance to provide children of all ages a hands-on,
creative and stimulating experience. Noah's Ark allows children to stuff, name
and love the animal of their choice and personalize their new friend with
outfits, accessories and sound chips.

For more information, contact Michele Silvas, or visit:
www.noahsarkworkshop.com.

Sierra Oro Farm Trail passports now on sale

Local farmers will host a weekend of wine tasting and farm-fresh food sampling
on Sept. 30th through Oct. 1 at the first annual Sierra Oro Farm Trail "Passport
Weekend." Passports are now on sale and offer a chance for visitors to tour all
of the farms on the Sierra Oro Farm Trail Map, as well as a few new additions.

Farm Trail stops include: Black Crow Grill and Taproom, Book Family Farm, Butte
View Olive Company, California Olive Ranch, Chaffin Orchards, Golden West Nuts,
Goodman Bed and Breakfast, Grey Fox Winery, Hanson Orchards, Hotel Diamond,
Johnnie's Restaurant and Lounge, LaRocca Vineyards, Lavender Legacy, Lodestar
Farms, Long Creek Winery, Maisie Jane's, Mountain View Christmas Tree Farm,
Noble Orchards, Odyssey Winery and Vineyards, Quilici Vineyards, Red Tavern,
Riverside Bed and Breakfast, and the Wagon Wheel Market. Additionally, Canyon
Creek Nursery, Tuscan Ridge Winery, New Clairveux Winery, and Bubalis Bubalis
Buffala Mozzarella have joined the Sierra Farm Trail Map and will be
participating in the Passport Weekend.

"The Sierra Oro Farm Trail Passport Weekend is unique because it is the first
time all of the farms on the map will open up their doors on the same weekend,"
said Heather Quilici, who co-founded the map with Jamie Johansson of Lodestar
Farms.

"Additionally, everyone will have something special taking place at their farm
for Passport Weekend. Many of our member will be harvesting, it will be a great
time to see the farmers in action."

In an effort to reach more people from outside the local area, the Sierra Oro
Trail Passport Weekend will take place in conjunction with Chico State
University's Alumni/Parent weekend, which is also scheduled for Sept. 30th
through October 1st.

Sierra Passport Weekend tickets are $20 per person and include free tasting at
all farms on the map. All proceeds go to benefit the association to further
develop agri-tourism in Butte County. Tickets are on sale now at the Oroville
and Chico Chamber of Commerces, and any Tri Counties Bank in Chico, Redding and
Sacramento areas.

This event is sponsored by the Butte County Farm Bureau, Tri Counties Bank, and
the Chico Chamber of Commerce. For more information, contact: Alice Patterson of
the Chico Chamber of Commerce at: (530) 891-5556, or e-mail her at:
alice@chicochamber.com.

Butte County eligible for USDA Emergency Farm Loans

Pursuant to the Secretary of Agriculture's designation of an emergency in the
state of California on Sept. 7, 2006, 16 counties, including Butte, have been
named eligible for USDA emergency farm loans because of physical and production
losses based on damages and losses caused by record-setting heat wave which
occurred July 1, 2006, through July 31, 2006.

Farmers in the county have eight months to apply for the loans to help cover
part of the actual losses. To be eligible, farms must:

Have suffered at least 30 percent loss of normal production directly related to
the above-cited cause,

Be able to repay the loan and any other loans,

Be unable to obtain credit elsewhere,

have adequate security, and

have multi-peril crop insurance, if available.

All applicants must complete a certification of disaster losses, which reflects
the exact date and nature of the designated disaster and how it caused the loss
or damage. Crop insurance field reports may be a source for documenting losses
directly related to the cited cause.

The authorization from Farm Service Agency (FSA) to accept emergency loans under
this authorization that expires on May 7, 2007. Applications should be filed
with your FSA Service Center at: 2 Sutter Street, Suite C, Red Bluff, CA 96080.

Farmers in all fifty counties have eight months to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. To be eligible, they must:

Have suffered at least 30 percent loss of normal production directly related to
the above-cited cause,

Be able to repay the loan and any other loans,

Be unable to obtain credit elsewhere,

have adequate security, and

have multi-peril crop insurance, if available.

All applicants must complete the same certification of disaster losses. Crop
insurance field reports may be a source for documentation of losses directly
related to the cited cause. And, this authorization may also be sent to the same
FSA office as above.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 3, 2012 Tuesday

BRIEF: Federal government approves drought disaster for 62 Colorado counties

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 187 words


July 03--All but two of Colorado's 64 counties were designated as drought
disaster areas Tuesday, by U.S. Secretary of Agriculture, Tom Vilsack,

All counties except Delta and San Juan qualify to receive federal assistance,
including Farm Service Agency emergency loans. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months to apply for emergency loan assistance, according to a news release
from Gov. John Hickenlooper's office.

Secretary Vilsack designated the counties as disaster areas because of the
losses caused by drought, excessive heat, and high winds.

"This federal disaster declaration will give farmers and ranchers in Weld County
and nearly every other part of the state much needed relief," Hickenlooper said
in a news release.

The Farm Service Agency evaluates loan applications on its own merits,
accounting for the extent of production losses, security available and repayment
ability.

Local Farm Service Agency offices can provide farmers with more information.

___ (c)2012 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120703-GY-BRF-Federal-government-approves-drought-disaster-for-62-Colorado-cou
nties-0703-20120703

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2012 Greeley Tribune


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 7, 2011 Monday

Farm bills make sizable impacts

BYLINE: Mikkel Pates, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 571 words


Nov. 07--By Mikkel Pates

Agweek Staff Writer

FARGO, N.D. -- Since 2008, the U.S. farm support program has kicked out a
half-billion to a billion dollars every year, depending largely on the size and
impact of weather disasters, which have become a regular fixture. That's
significant in that there are only about 34,000 farmers in the state.

In the past few years, the so-called "countercyclical" programs haven't been a
huge factor, except for some LDPs in durum wheat. Direct payments have continued
to go out, despite some exceptional income years -- a phenomenon that has become
increasingly difficult to justify.

Crop insurance has been the biggest growth area among farm programs. The reason
for the increased expenditure is two-fold: 1) crop insurance payments are not
limited by so-called "payment limitations" and 2) many crop insurance products
are scaled to the value of the crop, and crop values have been going up.

Most heavily used conservation programs are the Environmental Quality Incentive
Programs and the Conservation Reserve Program, which is becoming more targeted
at protecting highly erodible, at risk land. And then there are disaster
programs, triggered by natural disasters that seem to be coming more frequently.

Here are some of the numbers, according to USDA's Farm Service Agency and the
Risk Management Agencies, according to officials and website data. The actual
payment of amounts between the two agencies don't line up exactly for years
because FSA is on a fiscal year while RMA is on a calendar year:

FSA pay-outs

(Fiscal year)

- 2008: $609.3 million.

- 2009: $476.1 million.

- 2010: $950.2 million. This includes $293.6 million for a collection of
programs including SURE, Livestock Forage Payments, carry-over payments from the
2008 drought, and ELAP (Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees and Farm
-Raised Fish) and LIP (Livestock Indemnity Program) payments, as well as SURE
("Stimulus") enhancements.

It included $251.2 million for direct and counter-cyclical support payments.
There were $154.6 million in grain marketing loans, which usually are paid back.
It included $138 million in Loan Deficiency Payments, particularly in the durum
program. It also included $102.4 million for Conservation Reserve Program
payments, $855,000 for dairy loss payments. There also were $6.5 million in farm
storage loan programs and $1.1 million in Emergency Conservation Loan outlays.

- 2011: $659.2 million. This includes $160 million from disaster programs (SURE,
LFP, LIP and ELAP); $210 million in DCP; $120 million, marketing loans and LDPs;
$98 million in CRP; $31 million in 2009 ACRE payments; $31 .6 million in ACRE
programs (2009 crop year); $28.7 million in Crop Assistance Program, which was
pushed by Southern states for moisture losses not covered by regular crop
programs; and $8 million in farm facility loan programs.

RMA pay-outs

(Calendar year)

- 2008: $847 million, including prevent-plant coverage on 180,000 acres.

- 2009: $458 million, including prevent-plant coverage on 2 million acres.

- 2010: $443 million, with prevented planting on 1.7 million acres.

- 2011: $813 million and growing as of Oct. 31, with a record of 5.6 million
acres of prevent-plant in the state on a typical 21 million to 22 million-acre
normal planted crop acreage.

___ (c)2011 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111107-AW-Farm-bills-make-sizable-impacts-1107-20111107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2011 Agweek


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 13, 2009 Sunday

Drought disaster relief available

BYLINE: Joyce Lobeck, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 410 words


Dec. 13--The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated 13 counties in
Arizona as primary natural disaster areas due to losses caused by drought Jan. 1
through Dec. 31, 2009.

The 13 counties are Apache, Greenlee, Pima, Cochise, Maricopa, Pinal, Coconino,
Mohave, Santa Cruz, Gila, Navajo, Yavapai and Graham.

Farm operators in La Paz and Yuma counties also qualify for natural disaster
assistance because their counties are contiguous.

"President Obama and I understand these conditions caused severe damage to the
area and serious harm to farms in Arizona and we want to help," said Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack. "This action will provide help to hundreds of farmers who
suffered significant production losses to warm season grasses."

Farm operators in several counties in California, Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico
and Utah also qualify for natural disaster assistance.

These counties were designated natural disaster areas Dec. 3, making all
qualified farm operators there eligible for low-interest emergency loans from
USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided eligibility requirements are met.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider
each loan application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of
losses, security available and repayment ability.

FSA has a variety of programs in addition to the EM loan program to help
eligible farmers recover from adversity.

USDA has also made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program, which was approved as
part of the Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008; the Emergency
Conservation Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program.

Interested farmers may contact their local USDA service centers for more
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and
other programs.

Additional information is also available online at http://disaster.fsa.
usda.gov.

To see more of The Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.yumasun.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091213-YZ-Drought-disaster-relief-available-1213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2009 The Sun


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: USDA designates Hopkins County as a primary natural disaster area

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: Washington


Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association has issued the following news
release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated Hopkins County in Texas
as a primary natural disaster area due to damages and losses caused by a recent
drought. Farmers and ranchers in Delta, Franklin, Hunt, Rains and Wood counties
in Texas also qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties are
contiguous.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas on Nov. 26,
2014, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own
merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity.

Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, The Livestock Forage Disaster Program, the
Livestock Indemnity Program, theEmergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees,
and Farm-Raised Fish Program, and the Tree Assistance Program. Interested
farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further information on
eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and other
programs.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:    editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Statesville Record & Landmark (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 13, 2008 Thursday

Drought assistance available to farmers

BYLINE: Statesville Record & Landmark, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 317 words


Nov. 13--Iredell County's proximity to five of the counties that were declared
natural disaster areas will give local farmers a chance to get some relief from
the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The USDA designated 59 counties in North Carolina, including Davie, Mecklenburg,
Cabarrus, Wilkes and Yadkin, as primary natural disaster areas because of losses
caused by drought and extreme heat that occurred after Jan. 1, 2008.

Since Iredell County is next to an affected county, or in this case counties,
farmers are eligible for low-interest emergency loans from USDA's Farm Service
Agency, provided qualification requirements are met.

"This timely credit assistance program could benefit North Carolina farm
families incurring debt from drought and extreme heat," said Keith Weatherly,
USDA-Farm Service Agency state director.

In a new release, Gov. Mike Easley said he requested the disaster declaration
Oct. 3 because of the excessive losses for at least one major crop and
significant losses of corn, soybeans, hay and pasture and other forage crops.

Eligible farmers have eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for
loans to help cover part of their actual losses.

According to the USDA, the Farm Service Agency "will consider each loan
application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of losses,
security available and repayment ability.

FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the emergency loan program to help
eligible farmers.

To see more of the Statesville Record & Landmark or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.statesville.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Statesville
Record & Landmark, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081113-LK-Drought-assistance-available-to-farmers-1113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LK


                                 Copyright 2008


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 16, 2011 Friday

BRIEF: Farmers in 87 counties eligible for disaster loans

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 144 words


Sept. 16--COLUMBUS -- Farmers in 87 of Ohio's 88 counties are eligible for
low-interest emergency loans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm
Service Agency as a result of severe weather -- floods, tornadoes, excessive
rain, and excessive heat -- that swept the state from February through July.

The USDA has designated 49 counties as primary agricultural natural disaster
areas. Farmers in 38 more counties are eligible because the counties are
contiguous to the primary areas, the USDA announced. Williams County is without
either designation.

Farmers have eight months from Sept. 7, when the USDA declared the emergency
areas, to apply for loans. More information is available at 71 Farm Service
Agency offices around the state.

___ (c)2011 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110916-TO-BRF-Farmers-in-87-counties-eligible-for-disaster-loans
-0916-20110916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2014 Saturday

Schatz Announces USDA Designation of Hawai'i County as Natural Disaster Area

LENGTH: 299  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Brian Schatz, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Senator Brian Schatz (D-Hawai'i) announced that the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) designated Hawai'i County as a primary natural
disaster area due to damages and losses caused by wind, rain, and flooding from
Tropical Storm Iselle. After a review of the Hawai'i County Loss Assessment
Reports, the USDA determined that there were sufficient agricultural production
losses to warrant a Secretarial natural disaster designation.

"Many farmers in Puna are still recovering after suffering devastating crop loss
due to Tropical Storm Iselle and they need our help," Senator Schatz said. "I
thank USDA Secretary Thomas Vilsack for reviewing the Loss Assessment Reports
and for issuing a Secretarial natural disaster designation for Hawai'i County.
Support from the USDA will help ensure that our farmers in Hawai'i County will
receive the assistance they need."

A Secretarial disaster designation makes farm operators in primary counties and
those counties contiguous to such primary counties eligible to be considered for
certain assistance from the Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided eligibility
requirements are met. This assistance includes FSA emergency loans. Farmers in
eligible counties have 8 months from the date of a Secretarial disaster
declaration to apply for emergency loans. FSA considers each emergency loan
application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of production
losses on the farm, and the security and repayment ability of the operator.  So
far, FSA has received over 100 inquiries for assistance from producers in
Hawai'i County.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   November 2, 2000 Thursday Marshall Edition

Local farms eligible for emergency aid

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 138 words


U.S. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman has named three local Indiana counties
as eligible for emergency farm loans because of losses from heavy rain, flash
flooding, hail and high winds this spring.

Farmers in Indiana's Elkhart, La Porte and St. Joseph counties are eligible, the
government said.

Thirty-seven Michigan counties, including four in southwest Michigan, were named
primary disaster areas: Allegan, Berrien, Cass, Huron, Isabella, Jackson,
Lapeer, Lenawee, Macomb, Oakland, St. Clair, Tuscola, Washtenaw and Wayne.

Farmers in 23 adjoining Michigan counties also are eligible.

Qualified farm operators are eligible for low-interest emergency loans from the
USDA's Farm Service Agency. Farmers in eligible counties have until July 1 to
apply for the loans to help cover part of their actual losses.


LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2000 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             August 29, 2010 Sunday

agriculture briefs

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 540 words


Clean Sweep event slated in Lancaster LANCASTER, Wis. - An agriculture Clean
Sweep collection of old farm chemicals will be held from 8 a.m. to noon on
Saturday, Sept. 11, at the Agriliance Agronomy Center, 5371 Commercial Road in
Lancaster.

Grant County Ag and Farm Management Agent Ted Bay reported a fee will be charged
for chemicals dropped off. That is because funding has been cut for the Clean
Sweep events. The fees include: One to 10 pounds will cost $10; 11 to 50 pounds,
$40; 51 to 100 pounds, $60; and 101 to 200 pounds, $100. Anyone with amounts
above 200 pounds can call for an estimate. Individuals are asked to pre-register
any of the chemicals they plan to drop off at the Clean Sweep. Call the
extension office at 608-723-2125. In addition to ag chemicals, homeowners can
bring in household chemicals, and Resource Solutions will be on hand to recycle
computers, electronics and appliances. * Ag Clean Sweep events also will be held
in Lafayette and Iowa counties next month. In Iowa County, it will be held Sept.
18 at the Iowa County Highway Department at 1215 N. Bequette St. in Dodgeville.
In Lafayette County, it will be held Sept. 25 at the Lafayette County Highway
Department at 12016 Hill St. in Darlington. Both will be held from 8 a.m. to
noon. Entities announce new cheese partnership SHULLSBURG, Wis. - Swiss Valley
Farms and Emmi-Roth Käse USA have partnered to form White Hill Cheese and will
produce cheese in Shullsburg. The two entities recently announced the new
partnership will begin producing early next year in a 24,000-square-foot cheese
manufacturing plant, a 50,000-square-foot warehouse and a wastewater treatment
facility. The joint venture will allow the two entities to increase production
of baby Swiss, no-salt-added Swiss and other varieties of cheese. Emergency
loans possibly available EPWORTH, Iowa - Farm operators who suffered major
forage/crop production and/or physical losses caused by severe storms, flooding
and tornadoes since June 1 might be eligible for an emergency loan. Applications
for assistance can be completed at the federal Department of Agriculture's Farm
Service Agency office at 210 Bierman Road in Epworth. Applications must be
received by April 19, 2011. Applicants must be unable to obtain credit from
other usual sources to qualify for agency Farm Loan Program assistance. The
interest rate from the emergency loans is 3.75 percent. Weed guide offered at
Farm Progress Show ANKENY, Iowa - The Iowa Soybean Association and Iowa State
University have developed a new resource to help soybean growers recognize and
manage weed problems. The Weed Identification Field Guide will be available at
the association and ISU exhibits at the Farm Progress Show from Tuesday, Aug.
31, through Thursday, Sept. 2, in Boone, Iowa. Individuals who fill out a
questionnaire will receive a complimentary copy. Starting in early September,
the guides also will be available on the ISU Extension Publications Online Store
at www.extension.iastate.edu/store/ or by contacting the ISU Extension
Publications Distribution Center, 119 Printing and Publications Building, Iowa
State University, Ames, Iowa 50011-3171; telephone 515-294-5247; or e-mail
pubdist@iastate.edu Telegraph Herald

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Virginia: TWO VIRGINIA COUNTIES - BATH AND HIGHLAND - RECEIVE PRIMARY DISASTER
DECLARATIONS FOR DROUGHT IN 2014

LENGTH: 317  words

DATELINE: Richmond


Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services has issued the
following news release:

The Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services (VDACS) announced
today that Highland County received U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
designation as a primary disaster area due to drought that occurred from June 1
through October 31, 2014. Bath County received a similar designation due to
drought that occurred from August 22 through October 15, 2014. Alleghany,
Augusta and Rockbridge Counties were named contiguous disaster counties, meaning
they border a county named as a primary disaster area.

A federal Secretarial disaster designation makes farm operators in both primary
and contiguous counties eligible to be considered for assistance from the
federal Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided eligibility requirements are met.
This assistance includes FSA emergency loans. Local FSA offices can provide
affected farmers with further information.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of a Secretarial
disaster declaration to apply for emergency loan assistance. FSA will consider
each emergency loan application on its own merits, taking into account the
extent of production losses, security available and repayment ability. Local FSA
offices can provide affected farmers with more information.

Sandra J. Adams, VDACS Commissioner, said, "I am grateful that the USDA has
declared these two counties as disaster areas eligible for federal assistance,
and that other localities have been designated as contiguous disaster areas. Any
assistance farmers can get will be appreciated."

VDACS posts all of its news releases on Facebook and Twitter. To receive
immediate updates, follow us on Twitter@VaAgriculture or like us on
facebook.com/VaAgriculture.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 3, 1999, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Parched Eastern Farms Win A Promise of Federal Loans

BYLINE: By FRANCIS X. CLINES

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 990 words

DATELINE: FREDERICK, Md., Aug. 2


After the television reporters finished their stand-ups in the fields of stunted
corn and the orating politicians departed the shade of the front porch, the
Harshmans still had a drought on their hands and a farm crisis the family
described as the worst since the Great Depression.

"What a lot of . . . spin -- that's the right word, isn't it?" the family's
gray-haired matriarch, Janice Harshman, asked pleasantly as the clutch of
Federal and state officials drove away toward Washington in a dry cloud of dust.

Speaking to about 40 troubled farmers gathered here for a news conference on the
drought conditions that have bedeviled this region for three straight years,
Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman today declared West Virginia and parts of
Kentucky, Ohio, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Virginia a drought disaster area,
making low-interest Federal loans available for its farmers.

And President Clinton and Congressional Democrats, reacting to the drought's
surfacing in Washington as a pressing issue, began proposing a broader package
of emergency farm relief totaling $10.8 billion.

"Quietly, American farmers and ranchers are losing their businesses," Senator
Tom Harkin, Democrat of Iowa, warned in Washington, noting that net farm income
this year was 29 percent below the average of the last five years.

Here in Frederick, Mrs. Harshman's 41-year-old son, Vaughn, who played host to
Secretary Glickman and other public officials, gratefully accepted their words
in lieu of rain. Even so, he emphasized that the natural disaster of the
drought, though painful, was only compounding and underlining American farmers'
far more deeply rooted crisis: a world market glut and depressed prices.

"I sure don't need any more loans," Mr. Harshman said of the main immediate
remedy offered by Mr. Glickman, adding that the Government should show as much
alarm for the farmers' problems in world markets as it did today for the
drought.

"We need a fair market and fair playing field," he declared, and his sister,
Christie Brandenburg, agreed. "Loans won't do it," she said. "We need prices."

Down from the porch steps, other farmers said that while the general price
decline in a wide array of produce might be their biggest problem, the water
shortage was certainly an added burden.

"My pastures are nonexistent, just dried-up exercise yards for the livestock,"
said Glenn Eaves. He described already cutting into next winter's forage
supplies for his 5,000 head of livestock, and said the financial damages would
roll over well into next year, whether it rained soon or not.

If the drought news conference was sparking larger complaints about the general
state of the farm economy, Secretary Glickman could only agree as he toured
drought-ridden farmlands here and in West Virginia, where he accepted disaster
aid requests from state officials.

"We've had four years of worldwide record crop produce," he noted, standing in a
photo-op by a potted waist-high healthy soybean plant and a shin-high version
wilted by drought. "That's never happened before in human history. You have a
double whammy of low prices plus a natural disaster."

His hopes and prayers, the Secretary told the farmers, are for Congress to
allocate emergency assistance along the lines of the $6 billion emergency
appropriation, including direct grants, enacted last year when farmers in the
Southwest were struck by drought.

In the face of the complaints today, Secretary Glickman also said the 1996 farm
law that heralded an open world agricultural market in providing for a phaseout
of subsidies "needs mending" to protect American farmers. "If you live long
enough, you'll see the cycle of history come back and hit you," he declared.

Of the drought, Mr. Glickman said, "This thing will turn, I'm convinced of it."
He joked that a Federal meteorologist using a cell phone at the rear of the
crowd "was on the line with God."

Farmers in the audience here, far from banking on divine intervention, talked
yearningly of a past when Government policy was built less around free-market
vagaries and more around price supports to brace them through hard times. They
laughed out loud when one speaker talked of possibly freeing up forage from
Government conservation lands to help farmers.

"No way!" one farmer shouted. "That's all dried up!"

Drought-stricken counties in the East Coast farm belt, running up into central
New York State, have been submitting requests through their governors for
emergency agricultural assistance, Mr. Glickman said. While his immediate
options center mainly on low-interest loans, he said that in the face of the
drought, Congress would most likely consider a larger emergency package
including direct grants, like the $10.8 billion proposal being discussed in
Washington today. On Capitol Hill, there was no immediate estimate of such a
proposal's chances of enactment.

The $6 billion emergency aid package last year included grants to farmers for
crop and livestock damage from the drought as well as for lost income. "I don't
know what we're going to end up with," Mr. Glickman said of the current
Congress.

Maryland's Governor, Parris N. Glendening, who was one of the officials joining
Mr. Glickman here, promised farmers $3 million in state aid, and emphasized that
small and medium family farms were especially vulnerable to drought pressures
while large corporate farms were better able to survive hard times.

"This is about farmers fighting with their families for survival," the Governor
declared, warning that the alternative might be more farms plowed under for
housing subdivisions.

"That's right," Mrs. Harshman agreed after the politicians trailed off through
the family's parched fields. "The only option we're being left with is
subdivision," she declared darkly, as if she were talking of the plague of
spider mites that has swept across the soybean crop because of the drought.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Vaughn Harshman on his Maryland farm, with corn that should be
well over his head at this time of year. (Shana Raab for The New York Times)(pg.
A1); Among the farms that were toured yesterday by Agriculture Secretary Dan
Glickman, left, was this one at Charles Town, W.Va., where the Secretary was
joined by the state's senior Senator, Robert C. Byrd. (Associated Press)(pg.
A12)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            July 30, 2014 Wednesday

This Week in Flagler County History for July 30

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 176  words


The Flagler Tribune

August 3, 1939

Deal to Receive Emergency Loans

Applications for emergency crop and feed loans for 1939 are now being received
at the office of O.F. Alford, Bunnell, Fla., by H.Deal, field superintendent of
the Emergency Crop and Feed Loan Section of the Farm Credit Administration.

As in the past, farmers who obtain emergency crop and feed loans will give as
security a first lien on the crop financed or a first lien on the livestock to
be fed if the money borrowed is to be used to produce or purchase feed for
livestock.

The Flagler Tribune

July 30, 1964

SC Club To Picnic At Flagler Beach

A picnic on the boardwalk adjacent to the municipal pier at Flagler Beach is on
the schedule for the Flagler Senior Citizens Club when it meets next Tuesday,
August 4th. The picnic will be at 12 o'clock noon with members bringing food and
beverage for a luncheon.

This will be the last of three monthly meetings scheduled by the Club for the
summer when so many members are away on vacation. The Club will resume its twice
monthly meetings in September.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2014 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2014 News-Journal Corporation


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cheney Free Press (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 10, 2014

Federal government offering drought relief emergency loans

BYLINE: Cheney Free Press staff

LENGTH: 220  words


SPOKANE -- The federal government automatically activated a disaster relief
program on May 28 for farmers and ranchers in Chelan, Lincoln and Walla Walla
counties affected by recent drough conditions.

According to a Farm Service Agency news release, the program was activated after
the three counties experienced D2 drought conditions for eight consecutive
weeks.

Due to their proximity to the affected counties, farmers and ranchers in 15
Washington counties, including Spokane, may also be eligible for this disaster
relief program which provides FSA emergency loans at 3.125 percent with payment
terms up to 40 years.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the designation
to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider
each loan application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of the
losses, security available and repayment ability.

FSA has a wide variety of programs, in addition to the emergency loan program,
to help farmers recover from adversity. These programs include the Emergency
Conservation Program, Livestock Forage Disaster Program, Livestock Indemnity
Program, Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees and Farm-raised Fish
Program and the Tree Assistance Program.

Additional information is available at www.disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CFP

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 Cheney Free Press


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           December 3, 2011 Saturday

Too much, too little rain? York farmers can apply for loans

BYLINE: CHRISTINA KAUFFMAN The York Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 654 words


Two recent federal Department of Agriculture disaster declarations demonstrate
Mother Nature's bipolar treatment of York County this year.

The federal agency has made available emergency loan funds for farmers whose
crops were damaged from either too much or not enough rain.

York is one of three Pennsylvania counties named disaster areas because of
excessive rain and flooding associated with Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm
Lee in August and September.

It's also one of 13 counties designated for relief because of drought and
excessive heat between June and September, according to the USDA.

It's abnormal for extreme opposite conditions to exist within the same county,
according to meteorologist Jason Krekeler from the National Weather Service in
State College.

He said it's common for summer thunderstorms to drench one area and ignore
another, even if the sites are within a couple of miles. But it's unusual for it
to happen so consistently.

Rainfall data show the disparity. He said York received 2.52 inches of rain on
July 25, just one day, and Hanover received "not a drop."

For the month of July, York had 5.72 inches of rain, compared with 1.88 inches
in Hanover, Krekeler said.

"That kind of extreme, that doesn't happen every day," he said. "But a half inch
here, two inches there, it'll add up. To the extent of the rainfall difference,
it's pretty impressive."

Help available: Farmers in the affected areas are eligible for low-interest
emergency loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency. They have about eight months to
apply for loans to help cover their losses.

Applications are considered by the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability.

Several York County farmers have reported losing thousands of dollars because of
crop damage, mostly because of flooding, but none interviewed have said they
intend to apply for loans.

At York Township's Fitz Bros. Farm, owner Robert Fitz said crop insurance is a
requirement for some loans, and he doesn't carry it.

"The farm is tough enough. I can't afford to pay insurance premiums," he said.
"So I was told I'm not eligible."

At Raab Fruit Farm, also in York Township, farmer Jane Lehman said loans will be
helpful for those who qualify, but it has been her experience that the loans
mostly go to "huge corporations."

"Sometimes, as a family farm, you fall through the cracks," she said. "You're
too big to be small and too small to be big. Sometimes, the (required) yield is
so low nobody qualifies, and I'd like to see how many actually qualify."

She said farming has become harder and harder every year, and some people are
living off the equity on their farms.

"The past two years have been horrendous here," she said. "In the beginning of
2010 we started out with a freeze that took a lot of fruits. They froze in
bloom. Then we had severe drought. ... This year, we went into a really wet
spring and then another drought situation and then we went into the rains that
never stopped and then we went into the snowstorm on one of worst possible
weekends."

The weekend of Halloween is popular for buying and picking pumpkins, hayrides,
and other farm activities, she said.

She said apples that hadn't been picked were ruined, and trees were damaged from
the heavy snow. That's on top of the three fields of sweet corn lost to drought
earlier in the year, the loss of apples from hail in September, and other
weather-related damage, she said.

While a loan might sound like a good idea, Lehman said she isn't sure how a
family farmer would repay it.

"We're at the mercy of Mother Nature," she said. "We can do everything right and
in the blink of an eye, it's all destroyed."

Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures at
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

- Reach Christina Kauffman at 505-5436, ckauffman@yorkdispatch.com, or follow
her on Twitter at @dispatchbizwiz.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 13, 2013 Sunday

Federal ag services on hold, along with clients

BYLINE: Gene Zaleski, The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 672 words


Oct. 13--Local federally funded agricultural offices are closed as a result of
the government's partial shutdown, meaning farmers seeking funding and loan
assistance will have to wait.

Orangeburg's Henley Street Farm Service Agency office, which is a part of the
U.S. Department of Agriculture, closed Oct. 1 at the beginning of the shutdown.

The shutdown has become a "terrible inconvenience" for farmers needing to cash
checks and applying for loans, says state FSA Director Harry Ott.

"It is an unfortunate consequence as there are a lot of things during harvest
that farmers need to be taking advantage of," Ott said.

The federal shutdown stems from the inability of Congress to come to an
agreement that would allow passage of a continuing resolution to fund the
government. About 500,000 federal workers are still idle in the government
shutdown.

One the programs affected by the shutdown is the peanut loan program.

"Checks are made jointly to the farmer and to FSA until they (farmers) pay the
loans back," Ott said. "They can't do anything with the checks because we don't
have personnel there to sign the checks for farmers to put into the bank."

And then there are emergency disaster relief loans.

Earlier this year, the USDA declared the state a farm disaster area due to
over-abundant rainfall. The cotton and wheat crops locally saw up to a 35
percent crop loss. The FSA is the agency which considers disaster loan
applications.

Farmers have eight months to apply for the loans.

"If we miss this week, we still have time on all the emergency loans farmers may
need," Ott said.

Ott says the roughly 160 FSA employees in the state are also being hurt by the
shutdown. While employees may receive back pay, that does not suffice, he said.

"That really does not pay the light bill and the groceries they need to buy this
week. ... It puts a lot of stress on individuals and on their families," he
said.

The Orangeburg County FSA employs eight. In Bamberg and Calhoun counties, the
FSA employs three people each.

In addition to the FSA, other USDA offices in the Henley Street building
including the Natural Resources Conservation Service and Rural Development are
also closed.

Orangeburg County's NRCS employs three and Rural Development employs six.
Calhoun County has two employees with NRCS.

Rural Development programs are now on hold and no additional loans/grants,
including RD rural housing loans or guarantees, are being issued.

Due to the shutdown, enrollment in conservation programs such as the
Conservation Reserve Program, Wetlands Reserve Program, Grassland Reserve
Program and Healthy Forests Reserve Program have halted.

Orangeburg County Clemson Extension Agent Jonathan Croft said he has not heard
of any specific concerns about the impact of the government shutdown from
farmers.

"Most are going full tilt to get stuff harvested," Croft said.

He said there are some general concerns about the inability to process loans for
those farmers who have lost their cotton crop, although the failure to see a
farm bill passed is higher on the list of worries.

"Nothing has been done with the farm bill," he said.

At the Soil and Water Conservation District, employees are having to use their
personal phones and computers in order to continue conducting business. They are
employed by the county, but are housed in the NRCS offices. The staff cannot use
federal equipment, which includes phones, computers or copiers.

Glenda Lewis, district manager, said the temporary offices are housed with the
Clemson Cooperative Extension Service.

"We can't check emails ... but we are all working. It may have slowed us down,
but it has not shut us down all the way," Lewis said.

The Orangeburg County Clemson Extension Cooperative offices and Orangeburg
County Department of Public Works offices in the building remain open.

___

Contact the writer: gzaleski@timesanddemocrat.com or 803-533-5551.

___ (c)2013 The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) Visit The Times and
Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) at thetandd.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131013-GG-Federal-ag-services-on-hold-along-with-clients-20131013

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2013 The Times and Democrat


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Savannah Morning News (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 28, 2011 Tuesday

Local counties declared federal drought disaster areas

BYLINE: Wayne Hodgin, Savannah Morning News, Ga.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 390 words


June 28--Federal agricultural officials have declared a number of the state's
counties disaster areas because of the ongoing drought.

Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal received word Monday that U.S. Secretary of Agriculture
Tom Vilsack had approved his request sent earlier this month to declare 22
counties as a natural disaster areas.

Area counties affected include Bryan, Chatham and Effingham counties.

"With this designation, farmers and their businesses will qualify for
much-needed federal relief," Deal said in a released statement.

"It is my hope this aid will relieve some of the burden this drought has
caused," he added.

Vilsack also said that, in accordance with the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act, he is naming the following areas as contiguous disaster
counties:

These counties will become eligible to apply for emergency loans and other
benefits provided by the Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008: Appling,
Atkinson, Bacon, Ben Hill, Brantley, Brooks, Bryan, Chatham, Coffee, Colquitt,
Cook, Dodge, Effingham, Irwin, Jeff Davis, Lanier, Lowndes, Pierce, Telfair,
Thomas, Wayne and Wheeler.

In accordance with the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Vilsack also
named the following areas as contiguous disaster counties: Berrien, Bleckley,
Bulloch, Camden, Charlton, Clinch, Echols, Evans, Glynn, Grady, Laurens,
Liberty, Long, McIntosh, Mitchell, Montgomery, Pulaski, Screven, Tattnall, Tift,
Toombs, Treutlen, Turner, Ware, Wilcox and Worth.

Like those in primary disaster counties, farmers in contiguous disaster counties
may be considered for assistance with the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm
Service Agency.

This includes FSA emergency loans and the Supplemental Revenue Assistance
Payments program. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the
secretarial disaster declaration to apply for emergency loan assistants.

MORE INFORMATION

Area farmers may contact the local Farm Service Agency office at 203 S. Laurel
St. in Springfield at 912-754-6664.

To see more of The Savannah Morning News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.savannahnow.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Savannah Morning News, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110628-SV-Local-counties-declared-federal-drought-disaster-areas-0628-20110628

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SV


                      Copyright 2011 Savannah Morning News


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 3, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

VOTES IN CONGRESS;
LAST WEEK'S TALLY IN KEY EASTERN STATES

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 43, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 681 words


Senate

1. Amendment to African Famine Relief Act providing emergency farm credit
assistance to American farmers, including $1.8 billion in Federal loan
guarantees and $100 million for farm credit subsidies. Passed 54 to 45, Feb. 27.

2. Amendment to African Famine Relief Act allowing American farmers to take out
commodity loans this spring rather than in the fall. Passed 50 to 48, Feb. 27.
                           1   2
CONNECTICUT
Dodd (D)                   Y   Y
Weicker (R)                Y   N

DELAWARE
Roth (R)                   N   N
Biden (D)                  Y   Y

MARYLAND
Mathias (R)                N   N
Sarbanes (D)               Y   Y

MASSACHUSETTS
Kennedy (D)                Y   Y
Kerry (D)                  Y   Y

NEW JERSEY
Bradley (D)                Y   N
Lautenberg (D)             Y   Y

NEW YORK
D'Amato (R)                N   N
Moynihan (D)               Y   Y

PENNSYLVANIA
Heinz (R)                  N   N
Specter (R)                N   N

RHODE ISLAND
Pell (D)                   Y   Y
Chafee (R)                 N   N

VIRGINIA
Trible (R)                 N   N
Warner (R)                 N   N


House

1. Bill providing a series of emergency farm credit provisions, including
expanded Federal loan guarantees of $3 billion and authorization for advance
commodity loans. Passed 318 to 103, Feb. 27.

2. Alternative emergency farm credit legislation including $1 billion in Federal
loan guarantees aimed at most heavily indebted farmers and providing for a
moratorium on foreclosures by the Farmers Home Administration on farmers who
cannot make payments because of circumstances beyond their control. Passed, 294
to 115. Feb. 28.
                                1   2
CONNECTICUT
 1. Kennelly (D)                Y   Y
 2. Gejdenson (D)               Y   Y
 3. Morrison (D)                Y   Y
 4. McKinney (R)                Y   N
 5. Rowland (R)                 N   N
 6. Johnson (R)                 N   Y

DELAWARE
 1. Carper (D)                  N   N

MARYLAND
 1. Dyson (D)                   Y   Y
 2. Bentley (R)                 Y   Y
 3. Mikulski (D)                Y   Y
 4. Holt (R)                    N   N
 5. Hoyer (D)                   Y   Y
 6. Byron (D)                   Y   Y
 7. Mitchell (D)                Y   Y
 8. Barnes (D)                  Y   Y

MASSACHUSETTS
 1. Conte (R)                   N   N
 2. Boland (D)                  Y   Y
 3. Early (D)                   Y   Y
 4. Frank (D)                   Y   Y
 5. Atkins (D)                  Y   Y
 6. Mavroules (D)               Y   Y
 7. Markey (D)                  Y   Y
 8. O'Neill (D)                 A   A
 9. Moakley (D)                 Y   Y
10. Studds (D)                  Y   Y
11. Donnelly (D)                Y   Y

NEW JERSEY
 1. Florio (D)                  Y   Y
 2. Hughes (D)                  Y   Y
 3. Howard (D)                  Y   Y
 4. Smith (R)                   Y   Y
 5. Roukema (R)                 N   N
 6. Dwyer (D)                   Y   Y
 7. Rinaldo (R)                 N   N
 8. Roe (D)                     Y   Y
 9. Torricelli (D)              A   Y
10. Rodino (D)                  Y   Y
11. Gallo (R)                   N   N
12. Courter (R)                 N   A
13. Saxton (R)                  N   N
14. Guarini (D)                 Y   Y

NEW YORK
 1. Carney (R)                  N   N
 2. Downey (D)                  Y   Y
 3. Mrazek (D)                  N   A
 4. Lent (R)                    N   N
 5. McGrath (R)                 A   N
 6. Addabbo (D)                 A   A
 7. Ackerman (D)                A   A
 8. Scheuer (D)                 Y   Y
 9. Manton (D)                  A   Y
10. Schumer (D)                 Y   N
11. Towns (D)                   Y   A
12. Owens (D)                   Y   Y
13. Solarz (D)                  Y   Y
14. Molinari (R)                N   N
15. Green (R)                   N   N
16. Rangel (D)                  Y   Y
17. Weiss (D)                   Y   Y
18. Garcia (D)                  Y   Y
19. Biaggi (D)                  Y   A
20. DioGuardi (R)               N   A
21. Fish (R)                    Y   Y
22. Gilman (R)                  Y   Y
23. Stratton (D)                Y   Y
24. Solomon (R)                 N   N
25. Boehlert (R)                Y   Y
26. Martin (R)                  Y   Y
27. Wortley (R)                 Y   Y
28. McHugh (D)                  Y   Y
29. Horton (R)                  Y   Y
30. Eckert (R)                  N   N
31. Kemp (R)                    N   Y
32. LaFalce (D)                 Y   Y
33. Nowak (D)                   Y   Y
34. Lundine (D)                 Y   Y

PENNSYLVANIA
 1. Foglietta (D)               Y   A
 2. Gray (D)                    Y   Y
 3. Borski (D)                  Y   Y
 4. Kolter (D)                  Y   Y
 5. Schulze (R)                 N   N
 6. Yatron (D)                  Y   Y
 7. Edgar (D)                   Y   Y
 8. Kostmayer (D)               Y   Y
 9. Shuster (R)                 Y   N
10. McDade (R)                  N   Y
11. Kanjorski (D)               Y   Y
12. Murtha (D)                  Y   Y
13. Coughlin (R)                N   N
14. Coyne (D)                   Y   Y
15. Ritter (R)                  N   N
16. Walker (R)                  N   N
17. Gekas (R)                   N   N
18. Walgren (D)                 Y   Y
19. Goodling (R)                N   N
20. Gaydos (D)                  Y   Y
21. Ridge (R)                   Y   Y
22. Murphy (D)                  Y   Y
23. Clinger (R)                 Y   Y

RHODE ISLAND
 1. St Germain (D)              Y   Y
 2. Schneider (R)               N   N

VIRGINIA
 1. Bateman (R)                 N   Y
 2. Whitehurst (R)              Y   Y
 3. Bliley (R)                  Y   Y
 4. Sisisky (D)                 Y   Y
 5. DanOlin (D)                 Y   Y
 7. Slaughter (R)               Y   Y
 8. Parris (R)                  Y   Y
 9. Boucher (D)                 Y   Y
10. Wolf (R)                    Y   Y


KEY
Y -- ''yea'';
N -- ''nay'';
A - absent or did not vote.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing of Eastern states

TYPE: List

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 19, 2014 Saturday

Klobuchar, Franken, Peterson, Walz Announce USDA Disaster Declaration for Rock
and Adjacent Counties, Allowing Them to Be Considered for Emergency Assistance

LENGTH: 439  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Tim Walz, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken and U.S. Representatives Collin
Peterson and Tim Walz today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) has issued a disaster declaration for Rock County and the adjacent
counties of Murray, Nobles and Pipestone, allowing them to be considered for
emergency assistance. The USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) has designated Rock
County as a primary natural disaster area, making farmers and ranchers in the
county eligible to be considered for emergency loans to help recover and rebuild
from the extensive damage caused by heavy precipitation and flooding. Murray,
Nobles, and Pipestone Counties were designated as contiguous disaster areas and
producers in those counties will also be eligible for emergency credit.

"Weeks of torrential downpour and flooding have caused extensive damage to
communities in southern Minnesota and all across our state," Klobuchar said. "I
called for this critical disaster declaration that will allow impacted farmers
and ranchers to be considered for emergency loans, and I'll keep pushing to
ensure that our state has the resources we need to recover."

"When severe weather and flooding struck Minnesota last month, I saw firsthand
that our farmers, ranchers, and rural communities in the southwest were among
the hardest hit," Franken said. "I'm pleased to see USDA responding to our
request for a disaster declaration in these counties, and I'm going to continue
doing everything I can to help all the rural communities still trying to recover
from the storms."

"Severe weather has taken a toll on many Minnesota communities, with heavy
rains, flooding and hail devastating local farms and farmers' growing plans for
the season," Peterson said. "Unforeseen weather-related disasters are the reason
the farm bill's safety net is so important and this announcement will provide
some much-needed relief for Minnesota's farmers as they work to recover."

"I am very pleased that USDA promptly responded to our request for a disaster
declaration. This will speed up the process of providing emergency loans and
assistance to our farmers," Representative Walz said. "I toured flooded areas
and saw firsthand the devastation caused. It is exactly for these types of
situations that I fought so hard to include crop insurance and permanent
disaster assistance in the 2014 Farm Bill. As we move forward, I will continue
fighting for our rural, southern Minnesota agriculture values in Congress."

For further information please visit: http://walz.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                           January 15, 2015 Thursday

More drought relief for farmers

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 337 words


STATE and federal governments have chipped in with additional drought support
for farmers in NSW.

The NSW government will provide an additional $20 million under the emergency
water infrastructure rebates and the federal government dropped the interest
rate on its concessional loans schemes for drought-stricken farmers.

Rates for the Farm Finance Concessional Loans Scheme and the Drought
Concessional Loans Scheme will fall from 4.5 per cent to 4.34pc and from 4pc to
3.84pc, respectively, from February 1.

According to federal Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce, the new terms were good
news for farmers.

The late round of loans was announced in December.

"These schemes are designed to ensure viable farms can continue to be an
essential contributor to the national economy," Mr Joyce said.

NSW Primary Industries Minister Katrina Hodgkinson said the State government's
$20m boost included a number of key changes since the last scheme.

Ms Hodgkinson said the scheme had been reworked since the last round of funding.

Producers can now claim up to $20,000 and de-silting works in water storages
which has been approved under the new criteria.

"Eligibility will be assessed based on one-in-50-year rainfall deficiency or
greater, down to the farm level rather than the LGA (local government area)
level," Ms Hodgkinson said.

"Where producers cannot access groundwater to install infrastructure such as
pipelines, bores, tanks and troughs, they can now claim for de-silting works.

"These important changes will ensure assistance flows to those most in need,
regardless of which council area they live in or if they have access to ground
water."

The NSW government's Emergency Water Infrastructure Rebate will close on June 30
or when the $20m in funding is fully allocated.

Applicants must seek pre-approval of the NSW Rural Assistance Authority before
starting on-farm works.

n Visit agriculture.gov.au/agriculture-food/drought or
raa.nsw.gov.au/assistance/emergency-water-infrastructure-rebate for details.

MIKE FOLEY

and RODERICK?MAKIM

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             April 17, 2009 Friday

Farm emergency loans available

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B-6B

LENGTH: 131 words


Farmers in Morton, Oliver and Burleigh counties who suffered physical and
production losses because of severe storms and flooding that occurred March 13
and afterward can apply for Farm Service Agency Emergency loans, farm loan
manager Todd Neurohr said.

The time allowed to file loan applications is eight months. For Morton, Oliver
and Burleigh farmers, this means the deadline for applications is Dec. 10.

Neurohr said farmers who suffered a qualifying loss (at least 30 percent from
normal) and are unable to get credit elsewhere, may apply for reduced interest
loans to cover up to 100 percent of their losses. The loans carry a 3.75 percent
interest rate.

Farmers who think they are eligible may apply for assistance at the FSA county
office at 2540 Overlook Lane, Mandan, N.D., 58554.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Monitor

                           August 17, 2005, Wednesday

USDA puts Hidalgo, Starr counties on list of agriculturally devastated areas

BYLINE: By Jennifer C. Smith

LENGTH: 668 words



ALAMO -- Phyllis Moore's cotton and grain crops have seen better days.

"This year has been real wacky," said the owner of the 600-acre Mid-Valley
Farms. "Prior to (Hurricane) Emily, we lost cotton because of the drought. It
was hot, dry and windy."

July's hurricane just compounded her crop woes.

"After that happened, everything went to pot," she said. "The color was off, the
grade was off, (and) the price went way down."

Moore's plight could be alleviated through low-interest emergency loans the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency now offers. The USDA designated
several Texas counties, including the contiguous jurisdictions of Hidalgo and
Starr, as agriculture disaster areas last week because of drought, high winds
and excessive temperatures they have suffered since March. The designation does
not include the damage Hurricane Emily inflicted.

"We've had just a couple of good years out of the last 10," said service center
farm loan manager Arnulfo Lerma. "Farmers were beginning to make headway and now
we've had these disasters that will set them back."

Farmers, ranchers and agricultural producers who lost 30 percent of a normal
year's yields should apply for the emergency loans, which carry a $ 500,000
limit per individual and a 3.34 percent annual interest rate. Other loans are
also available.

"They are available for refinancing, carry-over debt, or for purchasing new
equipment and, or, for annual operating expenses," Lerma said.

Applicants have until March 29, 2006, to seek the loans. At least 100 people
from Hidalgo and Starr counties are expected to apply, said Benny Cano, the USDA
Farm Service Agency district director.

The declaration is based on below normal average rainfalls since March, even
with Hurricane Emily. Although temperatures have remained average, the
combination of drought, wind and high temperatures stripped fragile cotton from
stalks or knocked crops over.

"Everybody has suffered at least a 50 percent production loss in all crops," he
said.

Damage assessments for all crops will be made after cotton season is finished in
September, said Brad Cowan, Hidalgo County agricultural extension agent for the
Texas Cooperative Extension. Grain sorghum and cotton are the crops that have
been hit the hardest by the rough weather. Pastures and range land have been
damaged as well.

Moore said she needs emergency loans to prepare for next season.

"You can't (deal) with the price of diesel, buy fertilizer, water, chemicals,
anything you might need, even preparing land for next year," she said. "We're
overextended on everything we have."

Agriculture disaster designations have been declared in Hidalgo County almost
every year since 1995 or 1996, Lerma said.

State and local agriculture officials did not have local financial damage
estimates, but the 10-year drought alone has cost the Rio Grande Valley $ 10
billion, according to Monitor archives.

The emergency loans have done little to help Donna vegetable farmer John Billman
though.

"It's geared toward big, subsidy growers," he said. "There's so much paperwork,
regulations."

This year's weather mostly spared his 100-acre farm of sweet corn, tomato,
squash and other crops. But he said he needed financial assistance three years
ago after heavy rainfall.

"It just wiped me out," he said. "I easily lost $ 12,000."

For more information on the loans, farmers should contact the USDA Service
Center in Edinburg at (956) 381-0916, or go to the Web site at
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.


Monitor staff writer Matt Whittaker contributed to this report.



-----

To see more of The Monitor, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themonitor.com.

Copyright (c) 2005, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: MC-DROUGHT-20050817

JOURNAL-CODE: MC

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                           Copyright 2005 The Monitor


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                           January 15, 2009 Thursday

Local ag producers can apply for disaster assistance

BYLINE: By Stella Davis Current-Argus Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 397 words


CARLSBAD -- Eddy County farmers and ranchers affected by drought conditions are
now eligible for disaster assistance.

U.S. Sen. Jeff Bingaman, D-N.M., said Wednesday Eddy County has been declared
eligible for disaster assistance due to its proximity to Texas counties that
have been declared disaster areas due to drought.

As a result of the declaration, farmers and ranchers in Eddy County are now
eligible to be considered for low-interest emergency loans from the Farm Service
Agency, which is part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Although farmers and ranchers in the county can apply for the emergency loan
program, they should be prepared for a lot of paper work and documentation, FSA
officials said.

FSA loan requirements are different from those of other lenders. Some of the
more significant differences include:

Borrowers must keep acceptable farmer records.

Borrowers must operate in accordance with a farm plan they develop and agree to
with local FSA staff.

Borrowers may be required to participate in a financial management training
program and obtain crop insurance.

There are also eligibility requirements for borrowers such as having an
acceptable credit history and the ability to repay the loan. They must have
suffered at least a 30 percent loss in crop production or a physical loss of
livestock, livestock products, real estate or chattel property.

Woods Houghton, Eddy County Extension Service agent, said some areas in Eddy
County have been hit harder by the drought than others.

"The areas contiguous to Texas primarily the areas in the south and east part of
the county have had more difficulty with the drought conditions" he said. "It's
(the emergency disaster loan program) something that a lot of people don't need,
or don't want to use it. But for those that do, it really helps."

Houghton said little winter moisture and unusually high winds for this time of
year could take a toll if the area does not receive rain soon.

"My major concern is that because of no winter moisture, there is a lot of dry
grass that is becoming a fire hazard. A wildfire could wipe out feed (for
livestock) in a matter of minutes," he explained. "We are a warm season
grassland area."

He said in Eddy County, crops planted in the fall could struggle to come up in
the spring.

"Plants that come up with no moisture make it hard on the stands when starting
in the spring," he added.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                               November 18, 2009

USDA declares virtually entire state of Mississippi a disaster

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 399  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated 79 counties in Mississippi as
primary natural disaster areas due to losses caused by the combined effects of
severe spring and fall flooding and summer drought, that occurred March 1, 2009,
and continuing.

Farm operators in the other three counties - Kemper, Neshoba and Newton - also
qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous.

All counties and parishes listed above were designated natural disaster areas
Nov. 13, 2009, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas
eligible for low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency
(FSA), provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties
have eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help
cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on
its own merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. FSA has variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity.

USDA has also made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program (SURE), which was approved
as part of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008; the Emergency
Conservation Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service
Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and application
procedures for these and other programs.

Additional information is also available online at disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

According to the latest figures, this year Mississippi farmers experienced
losses totaling $473 million, or 30 percent of the crop's value. The Mississippi
Department of Agriculture and Commerce reported sweet potato producers saw a
63.6 percent crop loss, tops in loss percentage. Soybean growers took the
biggest dollar loss - $307 million (44 percent loss).

Perhaps the cruelest blow was dealt to Mississippi's already-struggling cotton
industry. Rising input costs had already dethroned cotton as king, but this
year's disaster is dealing a double blow. Not only are cotton farmers facing a
48.1 percent loss, the important cottonseed crop has seen a 46 percent loss. All
total, cotton growers are out more than $100 million.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 27, 2008 Saturday

Valley farmers affected by Dolly could receive disaster loan

BYLINE: Edwina P. Garza, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


Dec. 27--SAN BENITO -- Farmers whose crop was destroyed by heavy rainfall
throughout the week after Hurricane Dolly hit are eligible for Farm Service
Agency disaster emergency loans, FSA officials said.

Rainfall from the July 23 hurricane was close to 10 inches in a number of areas,
according to previous reports.

The loans are for eligible farmers in Cameron, Willacy, Hidalgo and Starr
counties who lost at least 30 percent of their crop production from rainfall
from July 23 to July 30.

It's unclear how many acres across the Rio Grande Valley the hurricane may have
affected. Local FSA officials were unavailable for comment on Friday.

In previous reports, estimated losses from the Category 2 hurricane ranged up to
more than $20 million.

The Rio Grande Valley was declared eligible for the loans in late November,
officials said.

FSA officials said crop insurance money would be taken into consideration when
determining eligibility for loans.

The deadline to apply for the emergency loan is July 27, 2009. FSA Farm Loan
Manager Arnulfo E. Lerma from the Edinburg FSA office recommends that
applications be filed early to avoid delays.

"If the applications come in early, we can avoid backlogs and speed up the
process," Lerma said in a news release.

FYI

For more information, call the local FSA offices. In Cameron County, call
956-399-1311; in Willacy County, call 956-689-2437; in Hidalgo County, call
956-381-0916; in Starr County, call 956-487-2511.

To see more of the Valley Morning Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.valleystar.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081227-HR-Valley-farmers-affected-by-Dolly-could-receive-disaster-loan
-1227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2008 Valley Morning Star


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 3, 2008 Sunday

Business Briefs

BYLINE: Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 406 words


Feb. 3--Business Briefs from Sunday's paper

Free seminar on realty conditions

A free seminar on the changing real estate environment is scheduled Thursday at
the Re/Max Gold office building, 951 Live Oak Blvd., Yuba City.

Starting at 6 p.m., the event will be hosted by Jan Duke, Re/Max Gold agent, and
Mike Baker, Metro Gold Financial loan officer.

For reservations, call 674-4895 or 790-0295. Seats limited.

Y-S Farm Bureau dinner March 1

The Yuba-Sutter Farm Bureau's annual meeting and fundraiser dinner is slated
March 1 at the Bonanza Inn, 1001 Clark Ave. in Yuba City.

The event will begin at 6 p.m. with no-host cocktails, followed by dinner at 7
p.m.

Events include keynote speaker Charles Hoppin, the Distinguished Service Award,
the installation of new officers and silent and live auctions.

Tickets are $50 per person or $90 per couple. For reservations, due by Feb. 19,
contact the Farm Bureau at 475 N. Palora Ave., Suite A, Yuba City.

Great Harvest is in Top 500

Great Harvest Franchising Inc. was named to Entrepreneur magazine's Top 500
Franchises in its 29th annual ranking list published in the January 2008 issue.

A local franchise, owned by Jennifer and Terry Moe, is located at 1500 Butte
House Road, Yuba City.

Great Harvest was ranked 256 and has made the list six years in a row. The
company was founded in 1976 in Great Falls, Mont., and now has more than 210
bakeries throughout the nation.

Emergency loans offered to farms

Farmers in three Mid-Valley counties are among those eligible for emergency loan
funds from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The counties are near counties designated as primary areas eligible for farm
loans due to physical and production losses based on damages and losses caused
by drought conditions.

Colusa County is eligible for damage that occurred on Jan. 1 through Aug. 31,
2007. Yuba and Butte counties are eligible for damage between Jan. 1, 2007, and
onward.

Contact the Tehama Farm Service Agency at 2 Sutter St., Suite C, Red Bluff, CA
96080; or call 527-3013.

To see more of the Appeal-Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.appeal-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080203-MY-Business-Briefs-0203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MY


                         Copyright 2008 Appeal-Democrat


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            February 2, 2010 Tuesday
                               N-j Final Edition

$75 million in crop damage spurs disaster declaration

BYLINE: BOB KOSLOWBUSINESS WRITER, BOB KOSLOW - BUSINESS WRITER

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 554  words

DATELINE: DAYTONA BEACH


DAYTONA BEACH -- Volusia County farmers suffered more than $75 million in crop
damage, especially cut foliage, as a result of the hard freeze in January.

Flagler County's damage was much less.

To help those hit hardest by one of the longest cold spells in recent state
memory, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack declared a disaster at the behest
of Gov. Charlie Crist and members of Congress.

The declaration, which covers 60 Florida counties including Volusia and Flagler,
may enable farmers and ranchers to secure federally issued or guaranteed
low-interest loans and grant assistance to recover from the cold damage.

The USDA's Farm Service Agency will administer the programs.

The No. 1 thing we ask is that farmers work with their local Farm Service Agency
offices for personal services and find out what is available to them," said
Andre Kok, a Farm Service Agency spokesman in Washington, D.C.

The declaration opens the door for emergency loans of up to $500,000 with a 3.75
percent interest rate and access to the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments
Program, Kok said.

The Farm Service Agency could not provide county crop-damage assessments in time
for this report.

However, U.S. Rep. Suzanne Kosmas, D-New Smyrna Beach, said that the cut-foliage
industry in Volusia sustained about a 60 percent loss of ferns with an estimated
sales value of $40 million -- just at the start of its peak Valentine's Day
cutting season.

Other damage estimates in Volusia included a $35 million loss to nurseries,
$850,000 to citrus fruit and trees and $45,000 damage to winter vegetables.

A lot of these businesses were already being hit by a weak economy, which
affects much of their products, particularly if it is related to housing or
landscaping," she said.

The cabbage crop in Flagler County "came through OK," said Mark Warren, the
county's agricultural extension agent. "We are counting our blessings that we
came though as well as we have."

There are some fungal issues with the cabbage's outer freeze- damaged leaves,
but that should not be an issue with cabbage quality, Warren said.

The two counties became eligible for the federal programs by sustaining at least
30 percent overall crop damage during the freezes, Kok said.

Emergency loans can cover crop loss, real-estate damage, essential family living
expenses and farm operations.

Farmers must have at least a 30 percent crop loss to qualify as well as be
landowners or operators in the designated counties, be an established farm
operator, have acceptable credit history, be eligible for a commercial loan and
have loan collateral.

The loans have one- to seven-year repayment periods and 30 years for real-estate
loans.

The disaster declaration is good news for Eric Hagstrom, who's Albin Hagstrom &
Son fernery in Pierson sustained about 60 percent damage to the fern crop,
nearly all the young and tender ferns. But he is cautious about the federal
help.

We are still going back and forth on the programs and the rules that go with
them. In the past, the programs have meant well, but no one would qualify,"
Hagstrom said.

Farm Disaster Aid

The USDA's Farm Service Agency has service centers in the region:

DELAND: 101 Heavensgate Road, 386-985-4037

EAST PALATKA: 111 Yelvington Road, 386-328-5051.

OCALA: 2441 NE Third St., Suite 204, 352-732-7534

ONLINE: disaster.fsa.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Photo 1: The freeze put some fern-loss estimates at about $40
million. News-Journal/ PETER BAUERPhoto 2: Icicles hang from a tangerine tree
along State Road 11 near DeLeon Springs on a January morning after overnight
temps dipped into the mid-20s. News-Journal file/ PETER BAUER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2010 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2010 News-Journal Corporation


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 28, 2014 Sunday

Washington: USDA Designates St. Francis County in Arkansas as a Primary Natural
Disaster Area

LENGTH: 387  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated St. Francis County in
Arkansas as a primary natural disaster area due to damages and losses caused by
severe hail that occurred on Oct. 2, 2014.


"Our hearts go out to those Arkansas farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Arkansas
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in Crittenden, Cross, Lee, Monroe and Woodruff counties in
Arkansas also qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties are
contiguous.


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas on Dec. 24,
2014, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own
merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity.


Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, The Livestock Forage Disaster Program, the
Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees,
and Farm-Raised Fish Program, and the Tree Assistance Program. Interested
farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further information on
eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and other
programs. Additional information is also available online at
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           February 18, 2006 Saturday

Farmers from north state eligible for emergency loans

BYLINE: E-R Staff

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 182 words


Butte, Glenn, Colusa and Tehama County growers are eligible for federal
emergency farm loans if they suffered losses caused by severe storms, flooding,
mudslides or landslides between Dec. 17 and Jan. 3.

President Bush declared an emergency in 29 California counties on Feb. 3, making
them eligible for the aid. Farmers in 16 adjacent counties are also eligible.

Farmers in all 45 counties have eight months to apply for the loans to help
cover part of their actual losses.

To be eligible, they must:

-- Have suffered at least a 30 percent loss directly related to the weather,

-- Be able to repay the loan and any other loans,

-- Be unable to obtain credit elsewhere,

-- Have adequate security, and

-- Have multi-peril crop insurance, if available.

All applicants must complete a certification of disaster losses. Crop insurance
field reports may be a source for documenting losses directly related to the
cited cause.

Applications should be filed with the Farm Service Agency service center at
132-A N. Enright Ave., Willows, CA 95988, or call 934-4669, ext. 2.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                     March 28, 2002, Thursday ALL EDITIONS

The Market; Local

SECTION: BUSINESS; THE MARKET; LOCAL; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER



The Market

Index rising

- The T&G/Bloomberg Central Massachusetts Index rose 0.75 yesterday to 111.39
points as nearly 28.9 million shares traded.

Twelve stocks rose, 14 fell and five closed unchanged.

Concord Communications Inc. of Marlboro led advancers, rising $1.02 to $20.07.
Decliners were led by Waters Corp. of Milford, which fell 60 cents to $27.89.

Local

Emergency loans

Worcester County is eligible for U.S. Department of Agriculture emergency farm
loans because of losses caused by excessive rainfall, lack of sunshine and cold
weather in 2000.

Farmers have eight months from March 22 -- the date the county was named among
primary disaster areas -- to apply for the loans. They should contact the Farm
Service Agency office in Holden.

William G. Graham Jr., Farm Service Agency county executive director for
Worcester County, said the 3.75 percent rate loans can be used to refinance debt
and make capital improvements. To be eligible, farmers must have been turned
away by their traditional lender, he said.

Conover creates

SOUTHBORO -- Conover & Co. Communications, a marketing communications and public
relations firm, has created a new division to service the life sciences and
medical products industries. Allison Jones Hallacy, a medical products marketing
executive, will manage the division.

UMass index up

The University of Massachusetts Benchmarks Economic Indexes both rose in
February, showing signs of growth.

The current economic index for Massachusetts in February was 127.7, up 0.4
percent from January and down 1.4 percent from February 2001. The leading
economic index, a forecast of growth in the current index during the next six
months, was up 1.8 percent, UMass said.

''While the recession has been mild, it has been deeper and longer in
Massachusetts than the country as whole,'' Benchmarks said. ''Nevertheless, it
appears the economy is beginning to turn around.''

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2002 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 26, 1999 Friday

LENGTH: 353 words


WASHINGTON (AP) -- With a two-week congressional recess set to begin this
weekend, farm state Democrats began an urgent push Thursday for passage of $153
million in emergency money for farm loans. The money is part of a $1.3 billion
supplemental bill that also includes aid for Central America. That measure is
held up because lawmakers are at odds over some cuts Republicans have proposed
to offset the spending.

President Clinton has promised to veto that measure, and lawmakers are unsure if
a compromise can be hammered out before the Easter holiday recess begins. John
Czwartacki, a spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, R-Miss., said it
was unlikely the supplemental would be passed by today. Instead, it will be
completed after the recess, he said. With the clock ticking down, Democratic
congessional aides said late Thursday that Clinton was reviewing whether he
could give the Agricultre Dpartment the authority to reallocate funds within its
budget to cover the emergency farm loans without congressional approval. ""We're
getting some indictions now the White House . . . may have a solution that can
cover money within the department,'' said Mark Halverson, the Senate Agriculture
Committee's Democratic counsel. Democrtic senators contended Thursday that
farmers can't wait any longer. ""We've got to act now,'' said Sen. Tom Harkin of
Iowa, the Agriculture Committee's top Democrat. Added Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D.,
""We are just weeks away from spring planting. We face a very urgent
situation.'' The money would be used for direct loans or loan guarantees for an
estimated 10,000 producers who can't get credit from private sources. The
Agriculture Department has said a year of extremely low prices has led to the
problem. Dorgan and other Democrats also pushed an amendment Thursday that would
lift marketing loan rate and create a price support for farmers. The proposal,
which would be attached to the fiscal year 2000 budget resolution, has been
pushed by Democrats since the 1996 farm law, which began phasing out subsidies
for farmers. Attempts to pass a similar measure failed last year.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 26, 1999 Friday

LENGTH: 353 words


WASHINGTON (AP) -- With a two-week congressional recess set to begin this
weekend, farm state Democrats began an urgent push Thursday for passage of $153
million in emergency money for farm loans. The money is part of a $1.3 billion
supplemental bill that also includes aid for Central America. That measure is
held up because lawmakers are at odds over some cuts Republicans have proposed
to offset the spending.

President Clinton has promised to veto that measure, and lawmakers are unsure if
a compromise can be hammered out before the Easter holiday recess begins. John
Czwartacki, a spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, R-Miss., said it
was unlikely the supplemental would be passed by today. Instead, it will be
completed after the recess, he said. With the clock ticking down, Democratic
congessional aides said late Thursday that Clinton was reviewing whether he
could give the Agricultre Dpartment the authority to reallocate funds within its
budget to cover the emergency farm loans without congressional approval. ""We're
getting some indictions now the White House . . . may have a solution that can
cover money within the department,'' said Mark Halverson, the Senate Agriculture
Committee's Democratic counsel. Democrtic senators contended Thursday that
farmers can't wait any longer. ""We've got to act now,'' said Sen. Tom Harkin of
Iowa, the Agriculture Committee's top Democrat. Added Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D.,
""We are just weeks away from spring planting. We face a very urgent
situation.'' The money would be used for direct loans or loan guarantees for an
estimated 10,000 producers who can't get credit from private sources. The
Agriculture Department has said a year of extremely low prices has led to the
problem. Dorgan and other Democrats also pushed an amendment Thursday that would
lift marketing loan rate and create a price support for farmers. The proposal,
which would be attached to the fiscal year 2000 budget resolution, has been
pushed by Democrats since the 1996 farm law, which began phasing out subsidies
for farmers. Attempts to pass a similar measure failed last year.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 25, 2015

County Dart of recent disaster declaration

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 433  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated 25 counties in North
Dakota as a primary natural disaster area due to damages and losses caused by
the combined effects of frost, colder than averages winter, cooler than normal
spring temperatures, excessive rainfall, ground saturation, frost, freeze,
severe thunderstorms, hail, high winds, drought, weather-related insects,
diseases and sprout damage that occurred from Jan. 1. 2014. and continues. Those
counties include Bottineau, Renville and McHenry.

"Our hearts go out to those North Dakota farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling North Dakota
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."

Farmers and ranchers in other counties in North Dakota also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those counties are
include Rolette, Towner and Pierce.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas on March 18.
2015, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA).
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own
merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity.

Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program. The Livestock Forage Disaster Program, the
Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees,
and Farm-Raised Fish Program, and the Tree Assistance Program. Interested
farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further information on
eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and other
programs. Additional information is also available online at
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2015 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          East Bernard Express (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 19, 2012

County put on primary disaster list

BYLINE: East Bernard Express staff

LENGTH: 476  words


The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) on Jan. 5 designated 40
counties in Texas as primary natural disaster areas due to losses caused by
drought, excessive heat, high winds and wildfires that occurred during the
period of Jan. 1, 2011, and continues.

Wharton County is included in that list, as well as neighboring Matagorda
County.

"Texas farmers have experienced severe drought conditions over a long period of
time, which has caused major losses to a wide variety of crops such as forage
crops, pasture, corn, oats and wheat," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.
"President Obama and I are committed to using the resources at our disposal to
reduce the impact of these disasters on Texas producers and help to get those
affected back on their feet."

Farmers and ranchers in Fort Bend and Jackson counties, as well as many other
counties, also qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties
are contiguous.

Wharton was among the counties fisted as designated natural disaster areas on
Jan. 3, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider
each loan application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of
losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs,
in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible farmers recover from
adversity.

USDA also has made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program (SURE), which was approved
as part of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008; the Emergency
Conservation Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service
Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and application
procedures for these and other programs. Additional information is also
available online at http://disaster. fsa.usda.gov.

Vilsack also reminds producers that the department's authority to operate the
five disaster assistance programs authorized by the 2008 farm bill expired on
Sept. 30, 2011. This includes SURE; the Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP); the
Emergency Assistance for

Livestock, Honey Bees, and Farm-Raised Fish (ELAP); the Livestock Forage
Disaster Program (LFP); and the Tree Assistance Program (TAP).

Production losses in the designated counties are covered because the event
triggering the loss occurred prior to the expiration of these programs; however,
production losses due to disasters occurring after Sept. 30, 2011, are not
eligible for disaster program coverage.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EBX

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 East Bernard Express


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville New Jersey)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 13, 2013 Wednesday

USDA issues disaster declaration for South Jersey farms, citing excessive summer
rains

BYLINE: Anjalee Khemlani and Steven Lemongello, The Press of Atlantic City,
Pleasantville, N.J.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 549 words


Nov. 13--The U.S. Department of Agriculture approved a disaster declaration for
some southern New Jersey counties where flooding, high winds and hail affected
farmers' crops during the summer.

Agricultural production was negatively affected due to excessive weather in
Atlantic, Burlington, Camden, Cape May, Cumberland, Gloucester, Ocean and Salem
counties.

Farmers in those counties are eligible for low-interest emergency loans from
USDA's Farm Service Agency and have eight months to apply for loans to help
cover part of their actual losses, according to the USDA. The FSA "will consider
each loan application on its own merits," the USDA said, taking into account the
extent of losses, security available and repayment ability.

"Our hearts go out to those New Jersey farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in a statement.
"President Obama and I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a
bright spot in our nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's
farmers, ranchers and rural communities through these difficult times. We're
also telling New Jersey producers that USDA stands with you and your communities
when severe weather and natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."

Charles Muzzarelli, owner of Muzzarelli Farms in Buena Vista Township, said his
farm, which grows tomatoes, sweet potatoes, blueberries and other produce, was
affected by the increased rainfall this summer.

"Any help we get is beneficial," Muzzarelli said. "The yields were down, our
production was affected. It was just a lot harder to get work done because of
the weather conditions."

While this summer's rain total in June, July and August, as recorded at the
Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor Township, came to 13.9 inches,
about 3 inches more than average, much of that fell in June alone -- with 9.55
inches of rain recorded in June at the Atlantic City Marina.

"The sheer amount of rain, flooding and extreme weather that South Jersey
experienced this past summer was far beyond what our farms and crops could
handle," said U.S. Rep. Frank LoBiondo in a statement Wednesday.

"With this declaration, farm operators will have access to emergency loans
through the Farm Service Agency to recoup their losses and rebuild their
operations. I appreciate Gov. Chris Christie's efforts to ensure the
critically-important agricultural sector of our state -- and the backbone of
South Jersey -- was not forgotten," said LoBiondo, R-2nd.

The official letter to Christie states the damaging weather lasted from May
through September, and does not name Monmouth and Mercer counties, which also
suffered damage.

Many of the same counties, including Atlantic, Cape May, Cumberland and Ocean,
received a similar disaster declaration in February due to the effects of
Hurricane Sandy and a November 2012 northeaster.

Contact Anjalee Khemlani:

609-272-7247

akhemlani@pressofac.com

Follow Anjalee Khemlani on Twitter @AnjKhem

Contact Steven Lemongello:

609-272-7275

SLemongello@pressofac.com

Follow Steven Lemongello on Twitter @SteveLemongello

___ (c)2013 The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) Visit The Press of
Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) at www.pressofatlanticcity.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131113-1AC-USDA-issues-disaster-declaration-for-South-Jersey-farms
-citing-excessive-summer-rains-1113-20131113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AC


                   Copyright 2013 The Press of Atlantic City


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Newton Daily News, Iowa

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 2, 2012 Thursday

Jasper County, 41 others named federal disaster areas

BYLINE: Bob Eschliman,, Newton Daily News, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 496 words


Aug. 02--Gov. Terry Branstad announced Wednesday he had received a letter from
U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack designating 42 counties in Iowa,
including Jasper County, as "primary disaster areas."

"In response to my letter, the lieutenant governor and I would like to thank
Secretary Vilsack for the USDA's recent drought declaration of several Iowa
counties," Branstad said of the declaration. "This drought has had a significant
impact on Iowa agriculture and the farmers who work hard every day to feed a
growing world population. This disaster designation will provide affected Iowans
with additional resources during these difficult times."

Other Iowa politicians, including Lt. Gov. Kim Reynolds, also responded to the
declaration.

"One thing that I know for certain is that Iowa farmers have the tenacity,
resilience, resolve and fortitude to withstand these challenging times," she
said. "The governor and I stand with all Iowans as we work together to respond
swiftly to these drought conditions."

"The ongoing drought continues to inflict hardship on farmers in Iowa and across
the Midwest," U.S. Sen. Tom Harkin, a senior member and former chairman of the
Senate Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee, said. "I welcome today's
actions and thank Secretary Vilsack for responding to our severe drought
problems in Iowa."

The primary disaster declaration includes all seven contiguous counties to
Jasper County: Mahaska, Marion, Marshall, Polk, Poweshiek, Story and Tama.

"These counties have suffered from a drought intensity value of at least D2
(Drought-Severe) for eight or more consecutive weeks, or D3 (Drought-Extreme) or
higher at any time during the growing season according to the U.S. Drought
Monitor," Vilsack wrote to Branstad.

A secretarial disaster declaration makes farm operators in primary disaster
counties eligible to be considered for assistance from the Farm Service Agency,
provided other eligibility requirements are met. Assistance includes FSA
emergency loans, which eligible farmers would have until the end of March of
2013 to apply for emergency loan assistance.

"It may be a little early in the game to think about applying for loans now,
since those emergency loans are based on production losses," Jasper County FSA
Farm Loans Program Manager Jon Northrup said. "They will have to go through the
harvest and measure their yield, which we will then compare to a normal year to
establish their loss. The declaration is certainly good to have, but farmers
really can't apply yet until after the harvest."

Northrup added current crops appear to be several weeks to a month ahead of
schedule due to this year's weather conditions. That will likely mean an early
harvest.

Bob Eschliman can be contacted at (641) 792-3121 ext. 423 or via email at
bschliman@newtondailynews.com

___ (c)2012 the Newton Daily News (Newton, Iowa) Visit the Newton Daily News
(Newton, Iowa) at www.newtondailynews.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120802-1NI-Jasper-County-41-others-named-federal-disaster-areas-0802-20120802

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NI


                     Copyright 2012 Newton Daily News, Iowa


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 3, 1984, Friday, Final Edition

Agency Chief 'Proud' of Performance;
USDA Aides Blasted on Farm Loan Policy

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A9

LENGTH: 535 words


A bipartisan parade of congressmen, reflecting farmer complaints about
difficulties in getting federal disaster and emergency loans, blistered
administration officials at a hearing yesterday, but seemed to make little
impression.

The farm-state legislators were critical of the administration's handling of
disaster loans, related to last summer's drought, and a $600 million economic
emergency loan program that was reinstated under a federal court order in
December.

But Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) chief Charles W. Shuman said he was
"proud" of his agency's performance, contending that loan applications are being
handled promptly and generally favorably. And his boss, Under Secretary of
Agriculture Frank W. Naylor Jr., assured a House Agriculture subcommittee that
all the credit the farmers need is available.

Shuman said that, through mid-January, FmHA had received 23,849 disaster loan
applications, with 3,740 approved, 2,879 rejected or withdrawn and the rest
pending. He said that 4,800 economic emergency loan requests had been received,
with about 60 percent approved.

His statistics were received skeptically, and Naylor provoked further
displeasure by refusing to concede that the president's Office of Management and
Budget had ordered the Agriculture Department to limit to $50 million the direct
loans that could be made to farmers under the court-ordered reinstatement.

The FmHA stopped accepting applications in mid-January, when the $50 million ran
out. The remaining $550 million, at OMB direction, is being held back for use as
guarantees for higher-interest loans that farmers would have to seek from
commercial lenders.

Members of the conservation, credit and rural development subcommittee, plus
other congressional witnesses, complained that the policy effectively had
stopping lending activity to farmers. Contrary to Naylor's assertions, they said
rural banks were refusing to take part in the guarantee program.

Despite its seriousness, the day-long assault on the administration's
performance carried clear election-year overtones. USDA officials in the
audience alternately winced, smiled, smirked and winked at each other as one
Democrat and Republican after another threw rhetorical punches at them.

The administration's only defender, Rep. Joe Skeen (R-N.M.), scolded his
subcommittee colleagues. "I hope we do something that helps farmers and not
politicians," he said.

At one point, Rep. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa), a candidate for the U.S. Senate, said
that the FmHA's performance had been so callous and hard-hearted that if he were
attorney general he would be seeking contempt-of-court citations against USDA
officials.

"In my nine years in Congress, I have never seen anything so badly administered
as the disaster and economic emergency loan programs," Harkin said. "The court
ordered them to implement the emergency program and they have shown clear
contempt of the court."

Subcommittee Chairman Ed Jones (D-Tenn.) and Sen. Walter D. Huddleston (D-Ky.),
among others, have written to U.S. District Court Judge Thomas Flannery to draw
his attention to the OMB order that restricted FmHA from giving out more than
$50 million in direct loans.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 28, 1999, Sunday, Final Edition

Farmers Taking Wait-and-See Approach to Drought

Graeme Zielinski, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOUDOUN EXTRA; Pg. V01

LENGTH: 790 words



Local agriculture experts and others in the farm industry say the drought that
was interrupted by late-summer rains is showing signs of picking up where it
left off.

At Dulles International Airport, total annual rainfall averages 40.24 inches,
according to the National Weather Service. Through Tuesday, 40.06 inches had
fallen--but that included 9.32 inches in September, more than three times the
normal amount for that month, and only .84 inches in November, almost 2 1/2
inches less than normal.

Donald Davis, state director of the U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service
Administration Office, said that, in large part because of September's rain,
there was no rush by farmers to enroll in some of the emergency programs his
office administers. But he predicted that the numbers would increase during the
winter.

"We anticipated a high participation rate in our emergency programs. We haven't
seen that yet," Davis said. "But we're gearing up for a pretty good amount. Our
loan-making season is just getting started."

With 40 counties in the state declared drought-emergency areas during the
summer, including Loudoun, Fauquier, Fairfax and Prince William, farmers are
eligible for various kinds of assistance, including low-interest loans and
direct cash assistance.

About $ 20.9 million in cash assistance has been given to 14,372 Virginia
farmers from an emergency congressional appropriation in August that took into
account the drought's damage to crops. But only 41 farmers statewide have
applied for emergency loans, totaling only about $ 3.5 million.

More money was lent this year than in 1998--also a drought year--but Davis said
the figure still was less than expected. And although preliminary figures aren't
available, many agriculture officials and farmers said the 1999 harvest was
generally better than expected.

"The drought conditions in our area appear to be less severe than we
anticipated, and I think crop yields turned out better than people anticipated,"
said Louis Hitt, Warrenton branch manager for Blue Ridge Farm Credit.

Hitt, who farms in northern Fauquier County, said he didn't see requests for
loan extensions, or requests for refinancing, in the numbers he expected in the
beginning of the year. "We might have seen some farmers taking some
intermediate-term debt or refinancing, but we didn't," Hitt said. "Again, I
think our overall farm economy is in fairly decent shape."

The notable exception has been hay farmers. According to estimates from the
local field offices of the Farm Service Administration, Northern Virginia's hay
yield dropped 75 percent. The skimpy hay crop coupled with dry pastures meant a
difficult year for those who raise sheep, beef and dairy cattle and horses.
Those who could not find alternative sources of water or afford to feed their
animals grain have been forced to cull their herds.

In Loudoun County, the estimated number of livestock sold for slaughter was 25
percent higher than usual, and in Fauquier County that number was 30 percent,
according to USDA figures.

Traude Smith, an accountant for the Fauquier Livestock Exchange in Marshall,
where some of those sales took place, said the September rains, which refilled
streams and wells, have contributed to a wait-and-see attitude by farmers.

"There are not as many complaints from the farmers anymore," Smith said. "The
big sell-off was in August, which was unusual. We had the rains, and what I see
now is fairly steady numbers for the fall. People are holding on to their cattle
for a little while."

Even with fewer animals to feed, demand for hay and grain is high, as is the
price of hay, which is hard to come by, some farmers said.

Dan Marvin, manager of Four Seasons Small Farm Services Inc. in Purcellville,
said he had sold all of his hay by July. Typically, he said, he would have about
one-third of his yearly supply available now. But he said some late-season hay
"was spoken for even before we made it."

Hay that normally would sell for $ 3 to $ 3.25 a bale is selling for $ 4.50 a
bale, Marvin said.

Andrew Gerachis, Virginia Tech extension horticulture agent for Loudoun County,
said the full effects of this year's drought have yet to be seen. But next
year's crop of fruits and vegetables will be affected, he said. "The drought has
reduced the number of buds that were set for next year's growth," he said. "All
of those plants will be slightly less vigorous and possibly less fruitful."

Gerachis said that with the financial crunch caused by the drought, farmers may
not have the funds available to make the necessary improvements for next year.

"Most people are just sitting on their hands to kind of wait until spring," he
said.



LOAD-DATE: November 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 30, 1981, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. Tightens Farm Disaster Aid

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section 2; Page 35, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 232 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 29


The Agriculture Department announced changes in regulations today to tighten
administration of its emergency lending to farmers who suffer damage from
natural disasters.

Effective immediately, the rules are intended to stop recipients from misusing
loans to expand their farming operations, the department said. Farmers are
eligible for disaster loans after their farms are hit by flood, drought or other
natural disasters.

Dwight O. Calhoun, acting administrator of the Farmers Home Administration,
which administers the loans, said the changes would ''help to preserve the
integrity of the emergency loan program.''

The program was never intended to compete with commercial lenders, he said, and
it should be targeted at farmers who truly need Federal help after disasters.

''In the recent past, F.H.A. emergency loans have been used to expand farming
operations,'' he said. ''Emergency loans often completely replace commercial
financing by offering loans for purposes and on terms with which commercial
lenders cannot compete.''

Mr. Calhoun did not estimate how much money the tightening might save.  Congress
put a ceiling on disaster loans, starting at $2 million, to be phased down to
$500,000 by the fiscal year 1983.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 6, 2015 Friday

Virginia: EIGHT LOCALITIES IN VIRGINIA RECEIVE DISASTER DECLARATIONS FROM THE
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

LENGTH: 269  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Richmond: Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services has
issued the following news release:



 The Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services announced that
eight localities in Virginia along the North Carolina line are eligible for
disaster assistance from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). These
include Brunswick, Greensville, Halifax, Mecklenburg, Pittsylvania and
Southampton Counties and the Cities of Danville and Suffolk, localities that are
contiguous to North Carolina.





 On October 22, 2015, the State Executive Director of the North Carolina Farm
Service Agency (FSA) requested a primary county disaster designation for 11
North Carolina counties, due to losses caused by excessive rain and flooding
that occurred from September 22 through October 4, 2015.



 A USDA Secretarial disaster designation makes farm operators in primary
counties and those counties contiguous to such primary counties eligible to be
considered for certain assistance from the Farm Service Agency as long as
eligibility requirements are met. This assistance includes FSA emergency loans.



 Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of a Secretarial
disaster declaration to apply for emergency loans. FSA considers each emergency
loan application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of production
losses on the farm, and the security and repayment ability of the operator.



 Local FSA offices can provide affected farmers with further information.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday

Virginia: EIGHT LOCALITIES IN VIRGINIA RECEIVE DISASTER DECLARATIONS FROM THE
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

LENGTH: 257  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Richmond: Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services has
issued the following news release:



 The Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services announced that
eight localities in Virginia along the North Carolina line are eligible for
disaster assistance from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). These
include Brunswick, Greensville, Halifax, Mecklenburg, Pittsylvania and
Southampton Counties and the Cities of Danville and Suffolk, localities that are
contiguous to North Carolina.





 On October 22, 2015, the State Executive Director of the North Carolina Farm
Service Agency (FSA) requested a primary county disaster designation for 11
North Carolina counties, due to losses caused by excessive rain and flooding
that occurred from September 22 through October 4, 2015.



 A USDA Secretarial disaster designation makes farm operators in primary
counties and those counties contiguous to such primary counties eligible to be
considered for certain assistance from the Farm Service Agency as long as
eligibility requirements are met. This assistance includes FSA emergency loans.



 Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of a Secretarial
disaster declaration to apply for emergency loans. FSA considers each emergency
loan application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of production
losses on the farm, and the security and repayment ability of the operator.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 15, 2017 Wednesday

Missouri: State Treasurer Eric Schmitt Announces Extension of Emergency Loan
Program to Carroll County

LENGTH: 257  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jefferson: The  State of Treasurer Clint Zweifel, Missouri has issued the
following news release:



 Missouri State Treasurer Eric Schmitt and State Representative Joe Don McGaugh
today announced the extension of an emergency loan program to Carroll County
small businesses and farms impacted by this week's storms.





 The Harmed-area Emergency Loan Priority system, or HELP, authorizes 24-hour
approval of low-interest loans for small businesses and farms. HELP is
administered through the Missouri Linked Deposit Program. Perry County and Oak
Grove were previously identified as active jurisdictions for the system.



 "We stand side-by-side with the farmers and small business owners who were
devastated by this week's storms," said Schmitt. "By extending the HELP system
to cover Carroll County we are laying the groundwork for those impacted to
return to regular operation in less time and at a lower cost than they otherwise
would be able to."



 "Small, family-owned businesses are the bedrock of Carroll County," said
McGaugh."I appreciate the quick work of Treasurer Schmitt to get the HELP system
activated for our community so we can begin the rebuilding process."



 The Missouri Linked Deposit Program is managed by State Treasurer Eric Schmitt.
Missouri-based small businesses with up to 99 employees are eligible to receive
a loan through the Missouri Linked Deposit Program based on lender underwriting
standards.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 14, 2017 Tuesday

Missouri: State Treasurer Eric Schmitt Announces Extension of Emergency Loan
Program to Carroll County

LENGTH: 257  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jefferson: The  State of Treasurer Clint Zweifel, Missouri has issued the
following news release:



 Missouri State Treasurer Eric Schmitt and State Representative Joe Don McGaugh
today announced the extension of an emergency loan program to Carroll County
small businesses and farms impacted by this week's storms.





 The Harmed-area Emergency Loan Priority system, or HELP, authorizes 24-hour
approval of low-interest loans for small businesses and farms. HELP is
administered through the Missouri Linked Deposit Program. Perry County and Oak
Grove were previously identified as active jurisdictions for the system.



 "We stand side-by-side with the farmers and small business owners who were
devastated by this week's storms," said Schmitt. "By extending the HELP system
to cover Carroll County we are laying the groundwork for those impacted to
return to regular operation in less time and at a lower cost than they otherwise
would be able to."



 "Small, family-owned businesses are the bedrock of Carroll County," said
McGaugh."I appreciate the quick work of Treasurer Schmitt to get the HELP system
activated for our community so we can begin the rebuilding process."



 The Missouri Linked Deposit Program is managed by State Treasurer Eric Schmitt.
Missouri-based small businesses with up to 99 employees are eligible to receive
a loan through the Missouri Linked Deposit Program based on lender underwriting
standards.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2017 Monday

Missouri: State Treasurer Eric Schmitt Announces Extension of Emergency Loan
Program to Carroll County

LENGTH: 257  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jefferson: The  State of Treasurer Clint Zweifel, Missouri has issued the
following news release:



 Missouri State Treasurer Eric Schmitt and State Representative Joe Don McGaugh
today announced the extension of an emergency loan program to Carroll County
small businesses and farms impacted by this week's storms.





 The Harmed-area Emergency Loan Priority system, or HELP, authorizes 24-hour
approval of low-interest loans for small businesses and farms. HELP is
administered through the Missouri Linked Deposit Program. Perry County and Oak
Grove were previously identified as active jurisdictions for the system.



 "We stand side-by-side with the farmers and small business owners who were
devastated by this week's storms," said Schmitt. "By extending the HELP system
to cover Carroll County we are laying the groundwork for those impacted to
return to regular operation in less time and at a lower cost than they otherwise
would be able to."



 "Small, family-owned businesses are the bedrock of Carroll County," said
McGaugh."I appreciate the quick work of Treasurer Schmitt to get the HELP system
activated for our community so we can begin the rebuilding process."



 The Missouri Linked Deposit Program is managed by State Treasurer Eric Schmitt.
Missouri-based small businesses with up to 99 employees are eligible to receive
a loan through the Missouri Linked Deposit Program based on lender underwriting
standards.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2017 Saturday

Missouri: State Treasurer Eric Schmitt Announces Extension of Emergency Loan
Program to Carroll County

LENGTH: 257  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jefferson: The  State of Treasurer Clint Zweifel, Missouri has issued the
following news release:



 Missouri State Treasurer Eric Schmitt and State Representative Joe Don McGaugh
today announced the extension of an emergency loan program to Carroll County
small businesses and farms impacted by this week's storms.





 The Harmed-area Emergency Loan Priority system, or HELP, authorizes 24-hour
approval of low-interest loans for small businesses and farms. HELP is
administered through the Missouri Linked Deposit Program. Perry County and Oak
Grove were previously identified as active jurisdictions for the system.



 "We stand side-by-side with the farmers and small business owners who were
devastated by this week's storms," said Schmitt. "By extending the HELP system
to cover Carroll County we are laying the groundwork for those impacted to
return to regular operation in less time and at a lower cost than they otherwise
would be able to."



 "Small, family-owned businesses are the bedrock of Carroll County," said
McGaugh."I appreciate the quick work of Treasurer Schmitt to get the HELP system
activated for our community so we can begin the rebuilding process."



 The Missouri Linked Deposit Program is managed by State Treasurer Eric Schmitt.
Missouri-based small businesses with up to 99 employees are eligible to receive
a loan through the Missouri Linked Deposit Program based on lender underwriting
standards.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

White House to Unveil Farm Relief Package; May Offer Emergency Fund Up to $3
Billion

                           February 22, 1985, Friday

By BARTLETT NAYLOR

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Programs designed to relieve the farm credit crunch are speeding their way
through Congress, with the White House expected to unveil its own package - the
second in two weeks - today.

The Reagan administration's first package was snubbed by Congress and trade
groups, who called it ineffective.

Details of the Reagan plan were worked out Thursday as farm state senators
applied direct pressure on the austerity-minded White House: It was the second
day of a filibuster in the Senate on the confirmation of Edwin Meese 3d as
attorney general.

Tentative agreement was reached late Thursday on a plan that would satisfy farm
state senators conducting the filibuster.  Sen. James Exon, D-Neb., said the
agreement was subject to approval by Democrats and a letter confirming the
agreement from President Reagan and Agriculture Secretary John Block.

The President's advisers were bargaining for an ''administrative'' solution,
according to a source close to the Senate-White House negotiations on a new farm
plan. The source said the administration is willing to offer a special emergency
fund of up to $3 billion in federal guarantees for farm loans. The source said
the Department of Agriculture is prepared to hire as many as 1,000 people to
process loans in time for the planting season.

The $3 billion in guarantees would be an off-budget item since no actual
appropriations would be needed, according to Senate staffers close to the
negotiations.

But in addition, the White House insists that banks forgive a fraction of the
principal and interest obligation in exchange for new federal loan guarantees, a
proposal made two weeks ago. Bankers must ''take a hit,'' White House
negotiators say, according to a source.

Specifically, bankers must forgive 10% of the principal and/or interest on a
farm loan in exchange for a federal guarantee covering 90% of the loan in case
of default.

It is this clause, first announced by the administration last August, that
upsets farm bankers. ''Forgiveness is a serious flaw in the program,'' said
Kenneth Guenther, executive director of the Independent Bankers Association of
America. The association represents mostly smaller banks.

The administration has also advised key Senate Republicans that it will not work
with a House-authored bill, a source said.

Meanwhile, already making its way through the Democrat-controlled House is a $1
billion authorization measure for the federal guarantee pool. The money would be
used to insure bank lenders against loan losses. Farm income this year will be
only about $2 billion more than the debt service on the $210 billion in
outstanding loans, according to economists at the University of Iowa.

The initiative passed the 57-member House Appropriations Committee without
dissent along with several other measures in less than an hour Thursday. It is
scheduled for a full floor vote next Thursday.

The $1 billion in supplemental guarantees is about a 150% increase over the
current $650 million in credit guarantees authorized in the present Reagan
budget.

Debate on the farm crisis continues in Washington with intensity and breadth
unusual for a single issue. On Thursday alone, three House committees addressed
the issue - in addition to action taken by the Appropriations Committee. The
Agriculture Committee reviewed budget proposals for the Agriculture Department,
questioning Secretary John Block on what some committee members charged was the
Reagan administration's abandonment of America's farmers; the credit and rural
development subcommittee was slated to draft emergency farm credit legislation;
and another agriculture subcommittee held hearings on the Farm Credit
Administration.

House Banking Committee Chairman Fernand J. St Germain, D-R.I., indicated he
planned to schedule hearings on the farm credit crisis ''in the very near
future.'' In a Feb. 11 letter responding to Republican members of his committee,
Mr. St Germain said he was ''aware of this situation and have already directed
staff to make recommendations to me concerning the way in which we can
proceed.''

The Republicans who addressed Mr. St Germain on the issue in that Feb. 7 letter
were Rep. Chalmers P. Wylie of Ohio, the minority leader on the committee, Jim
Leach of Iowa, Norman D. Shumway of California, and Doug Bereuter of Nebraska,
all with large farm constituents.

No hearings have yet been scheduled, though, before the committee.

These farm initiatives represent the first test of the Reagan administration's
pledge to reduce the budget deficit, cutting federal subsidies from nearly all
sectors of the economy except the defense industry.

Budget director David Stockman, who was hospitalized early Thursday morning for
fatigue, has been outspoken in urging cuts in farm programs.

Even Agriculture Secretary Block warned antagonistic senators on the Senate
Budget Committee earlier in the week that the Reagan administration's present
plan is ''enough'' for the beleaguered farm sector.

To date, the most ambitious plan for helping farm creditors comes from the
independent bankers group. The Washington-based lobby has called for additional
federal loan guarantees of $3 billion, triple the amount being considered in the
House.

The American Bankers Association is largely supportive of current administration
efforts.

Sen. Mark Andrews, R-N.D. has also suggested a $3 billion addition to federal
credit guarantees.

Sen. David Boren, D-Okla., who helped organize the filibuster of the Meese
confirmation, has declined to detail how large the guarantee authority must be
or mention other measures.

SECTION: THE FARM CRISIS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 935 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 31, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Few Takers Likely For Loans;
Federal Drought Aid Seen as 'Last-Ditch' Effort

BYLINE: Abhi Raghunathan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: VIRGINIA EXTRA; Pg. T11

LENGTH: 540 words


Farmers in Loudoun and Fauquier counties who suffered during this summer's
drought may soon get a little help: The Agriculture Department says they can
apply for low-interest loans from the federal government.

But officials say few farmers suffered losses great enough to qualify, and those
who did may not want to take on more debt.

"We're grateful for what we can get," said Keith Dickinson, Fauquier's
agricultural extension agent. "But some farmers may decide that they're in the
stage where they can't do this anymore. . . . They may just decide to sell their
farm."

Last week, Virginia Agriculture Secretary Ann M. Veneman designated 96 Virginia
jurisdictions as agriculture disaster areas. Fifty-seven, including Loudoun and
Fauquier, are eligible for the emergency farm loans. Thirty-nine, including
Prince William County, are considered "primary" agriculture disaster areas and
can also qualify for grants from the livestock compensation program, which is
intended to help make up costs from lost pasture and other sources of animal
feed.

Farmers and ranchers who apply for the federal loans must show they have
suffered at least a 30 percent loss in a single farming or ranching enterprise,
according to Agriculture Department regulations. They also must have been unable
to receive credit from commercial sources. Dickinson called the loans a
"last-ditch" effort to save a farm.

The emergency loans have a fixed 3.75 percent interest rate. The maximum loan
available is $ 500,000, and most must be repaid in one to seven years.

Dickinson said this summer was "very stressful" in Fauquier and severly hurt a
few pockets of farmers. Gary Hornbaker, Loudoun's agricultural extension agent,
said his county was not as hard hit. "We had drought conditions, but we had rain
when we needed to make our crops," he said.

In fact, Loudoun and Fauquier were put on the list not because drought
conditions were that bad but because the counties bordered such places as Prince
William that suffered more, officials said.

"There won't be much -- if any -- participation," Hornbaker said. "Farmers are
cautious about borrowing more money."

For farmers who suffered losses, he said, "to borrow money compounds their
losses."

Jeanette Smith, executive director of the Farm Service Agency in Loudoun, which
helps distribute the loans to farmers, said there was a low turnout the last
time Loudoun was declared an agriculture disaster area. In 1999, "maybe five
people" applied for the loans, she said.

Still, she said she was grateful that farmers have the opportunity to apply for
the loans. "If you help one producer, you've done something for somebody," she
said.

The designation of Loudoun and Fauquier came only after Virginia Gov. Mark R.
Warner (D) sent a letter to Veneman two weeks ago.

"Farmers in this agricultural sector have been hit hard by drought conditions in
2001 and 2002," he wrote. He also asked her to open up the livestock
compensation program to more Virginia counties.

"If the letter helped things along, then that's great," said Ellen Qualls, a
press secretary for Warner. "The sooner, the better."

Farmers who are interested in applying for the loans should contact their local
farm service agency office.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 27, 2002 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Final Edition

Few Takers Likely For Drought Loans;
Federal Aid Seen as 'Last-Ditch' Effort

BYLINE: Abhi Raghunathan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOUDOUN EXTRA; Pg. T03

LENGTH: 540 words


Farmers in Loudoun and Fauquier counties who suffered during this summer's
drought may soon get a little help: The Agriculture Department says they can
apply for low-interest loans from the federal government.

But officials say few farmers suffered losses great enough to qualify, and those
who did may not want to take on more debt.

"We're grateful for what we can get," said Keith Dickinson, Fauquier's
agricultural extension agent. "But some farmers may decide that they're in the
stage where they can't do this anymore. . . . They may just decide to sell their
farm."

Last week, Virginia Agriculture Secretary Ann M. Veneman designated 96 Virginia
jurisdictions as agriculture disaster areas. Fifty-seven, including Loudoun and
Fauquier, are eligible for the emergency farm loans. Thirty-nine, including
Prince William County, are considered "primary" agriculture disaster areas and
can also qualify for grants from the livestock compensation program, which is
intended to help make up costs from lost pasture and other sources of animal
feed.

Farmers and ranchers who apply for the federal loans must show they have
suffered at least a 30 percent loss in a single farming or ranching enterprise,
according to Agriculture Department regulations. They also must have been unable
to receive credit from commercial sources. Dickinson called the loans a
"last-ditch" effort to save a farm.

The emergency loans have a fixed 3.75 percent interest rate. The maximum loan
available is $ 500,000, and most must be repaid in one to seven years.

Dickinson said this summer was "very stressful" in Fauquier and severly hurt a
few pockets of farmers. Gary Hornbaker, Loudoun's agricultural extension agent,
said his county was not as hard hit. "We had drought conditions, but we had rain
when we needed to make our crops," he said.

In fact, Loudoun and Fauquier were put on the list not because drought
conditions were that bad but because the counties bordered such places as Prince
William that suffered more, officials said.

"There won't be much -- if any -- participation," Hornbaker said. "Farmers are
cautious about borrowing more money."

For farmers who suffered losses, he said, "to borrow money compounds their
losses."

Jeanette Smith, executive director of the Farm Service Agency in Loudoun, which
helps distribute the loans to farmers, said there was a low turnout the last
time Loudoun was declared an agriculture disaster area. In 1999, "maybe five
people" applied for the loans, she said.

Still, she said she was grateful that farmers have the opportunity to apply for
the loans. "If you help one producer, you've done something for somebody," she
said.

The designation of Loudoun and Fauquier came only after Virginia Gov. Mark R.
Warner (D) sent a letter to Veneman two weeks ago.

"Farmers in this agricultural sector have been hit hard by drought conditions in
2001 and 2002," he wrote. He also asked her to open up the livestock
compensation program to more Virginia counties.

"If the letter helped things along, then that's great," said Ellen Qualls, a
press secretary for Warner. "The sooner, the better."

Farmers who are interested in applying for the loans should contact their local
farm service agency office.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 7, 2002



CORRECTION: In Loudoun Extra Oct. 27 ["Few Takers Likely for Drought Loans"],
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann M. Veneman was identified as the Virginia
agriculture secretary.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             July 27, 1993 Tuesday

BYLINE: Kristine Donatelle

LENGTH: 553 words


The White House on Monday issued a presidential disaster declaration for 17
counties in North Dakota, enabling businesses, farmers and homeowners assaulted
by heavy rains to qualify for aid. The declaration opens the full range of
federal disaster programs to North Dakotans who have suffered rain and flood
damage, said Sen. Kent Conrad, D-N.D. The counties are Barnes, Burleigh, Cass,
Dickey, Emmons, Grant, Hettinger, Kidder, LaMoure, Logan, McIntosh, Morton,
Ransom, Richland, Sargent, Sioux and Stutsman.

""Help is on the way,'' said Conrad, who toured flood-ravaged communities in
eastern North Dakota over the weekend. ""The damages are already high in North
Dakota, and if the weather forecasters are right, we're going to need even more
help.'' The declaration makes North Dakota the ninth state in the flooded
Midwest to be designated for federal disaster relief. Gov. Ed Schafer made the
disaster request for the counties Friday, saying flooding has inflicted $406
million in damage to private and public property, businesses and agriculture in
North Dakota. Damage in Burleigh and Morton counties exceed $2 million,
according to official estimates. ""I am pleased to see that President Clinton,
who promised fast action during my meeting with him in St. Louis, came through
on his commitment,'' Schafer said. The Federal Emergency Management Agency is
spearheading an effort by local, state and federal teams to assess the damage.
FEMA representative Brett Hansard said 11 additional counties will be undergoing
assessment this week. They are McLean, Mercer, Oliver, Sheridan, Wells, Benson,
Ramsey, Grand Forks, Griggs, Steele and Traill. Schafer said, ""We are
monitoring the situation closely at the state level given the heavy rainfall
over the weekend, and we will be moving quickly to add counties to the list as
needed.'' A $3 billion disaster aid package for farms hit by the flooding is
moving through Congress, with a hearing in the House Appropriations Committee
scheduled this week. The level of relief remains fluid. Schafer said disaster
application centers will be set up in Jamestown, Valley City, Fargo and Bismarck
with a coordinating field office to be established somewhere in the
Morton-Mercer-Oliver area. Exact locations will be announced today.
Registrations are being taken on the disaster toll free line at 1-800-462-9029,
which is operating 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. seven days a week. Conrad says disaster
relief programs that will be made available to North Dakotans include: Through
FEMA Ä Help for people including temporary housing, home repairs and emergency
grants, as well as aid to government entities including technical assistance and
financial aid to repair highways and public facilities. Through the Farmers Home
Administration Ä Low-interest emergency loans to family farms which suffer
property losses or crop damage above 30 percent. Through the Small Business
Administration Ä SBA will provide three types of low-interest disaster loans
with payback periods up to 30 years, and no payments due until five months after
the loan is distributed. Loan categories include losses suffered by residential
property owners and renters, damage to property suffered by businesses, and
economic injury loans to provide working capital for losses sustained as a
result of the disaster.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Star (Shelby, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 19, 2008 Friday

BRIEF: Drought relief offered for Cleveland and parts of Gaston and Rutherford
counties

BYLINE: The Shelby Star, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 241 words


Sep. 19--Farm operators in Cleveland County, and parts of Gaston County, will be
eligible for low-interest emergency loans from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture due to the drought and excessive heat experienced in 2008, according
to a release from U.S. Rep. Patrick McHenry's office.

The USDA has determined that there were sufficient agriculture production losses
to warrant a disaster designation, according to the release. This designation
makes farm operators in Cleveland County and parts of Gaston and Rutherford
counties eligible to be considered for low-interest emergency loans from USDA's
Farm Service Agency.

For more information, farmer operators are encouraged to contact their local FSA
offices.

Cleveland County Farm Service Agency, 844 Wallace Grove Drive, Shelby, NC
28150-9213 or phone 704-471-0235 ext 2.

Gaston County Farm Service Agency, 1303 Dallas Cherryville Highway, Dallas, NC
28034-7799 or phone 704-922-3806.

Rutherford County Farm Service Agency, 121 Laurel Drive, Rutherfordton, NC
28139-2952 or phone 828-287-4220.

To see more of The Shelby Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.shelbystar.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Shelby Star, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20080919-SS-BRF-Drought-relief-offered-for-Cleveland-and-parts-of-Gaston-and-Rut
herford-counties-0919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SS


                            Copyright 2008 The Star


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: USDA Designates 21 Counties in Mississippi as Primary Natural Disaster
Areas With Assistance to Producers in Surrounding States

LENGTH: 540  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated 21 counties in Mississippi as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by a freeze that
occurred March 25-29, 2013.


The counties are:


Clarke

Harrison

Marion
Copiah

Jackson

Pearl River
Covington

Jones

Perry
Forrest

Lamar

Pike
George

Lauderdale

Stone
Greene

Leflore

Walthall
Hancock

Lincoln

Wayne


"Our hearts go out to those Mississippi farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Mississippi
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Mississippi also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Amite

Hinds

Jefferson Davis

Rankin
Carroll

Holmes

Kemper

Simpson
Claiborne

Humphreys

Lawrence

Smith
Franklin

Jasper

Neshoba

Sunflower
Grenada

Jefferson

Newton

Tallahatchie


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties or parishes in Alabama and
Louisiana also qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties
are contiguous. Those counties or parishes are:


Alabama
Choctaw

Mobile

Sumter

Washington


Louisiana
St. Tammany

Tangipahoa

Washington


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas July 31, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs. Additional information is
also available online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov


Secretary Vilsack also reminds producers that Congress has not funded the five
disaster assistance programs authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill. These are SURE;
the Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP); the Emergency Assistance for Livestock,
Honey Bees, and Farm-Raised Fish (ELAP); the Livestock Forage Disaster Program
(LFP); and the Tree Assistance Program (TAP). Production losses due to disasters
occurring after Sept. 30, 2011, are not eligible for disaster program coverage.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             June 14, 2007 Thursday
                                  City Edition

State briefs

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 730 words


TEXAS MAN PLEADS NOT GUILTY IN FATAL SHOOTINGS

GRAND ISLAND - A Texas man accused of fatally shooting two Grand Island men has
pleaded not guilty to charges in the March incident.

Marco E. Torres Jr., 32, of Pasadena, entered the plea Tuesday in Hall County
District Court.

Authorities have said Torres shot and killed Edward Hall, 60, and Timothy
Donohue, 48, during the first weekend in March. Torres also was charged with
kidnapping another man, Bill Packer.

Torres was charged with two counts of first-degree murder and weapons charges,
two counts of robbery and one count of kidnapping.

Hall County Attorney Mark Young has said Torres fled to Texas after the
shootings and burned Hall's car in a remote area.

He was arrested March 26 in Houston.

District Judge James Livingston scheduled trials for November.

FARMERS IN 3 COUNTIES NOW ELIGIBLE FOR LOANS

Family farmers in three southeast Nebraska counties may apply for low-interest
emergency loans to help them recover from weather-related losses suffered May
5-18.

Brian Wolford, Nebraska executive director of the federal Farm Service Agency,
said in a news release Tuesday that the counties are Otoe, Nemaha and
Richardson.

They became eligible for federal assistance because they are contiguous to one
or more of the 17 Missouri counties covered in a presidential major disaster
declaration Monday.

Last week, eight counties were approved for the emergency loan program because
they are contiguous to one or more of the nine Kansas counties that were
declared a "presidential major disaster" June 1.

In addition, farmers in 13 Nebraska counties have been approved for the loan
program for weather-related losses sustained Feb. 21 through May 22. Wolford
said 39 more counties contiguous to those 13 were approved for the loan program
as well.

Applicants must be family farm operators. Loans can be used to buy feed, seed,
fertilizer, livestock or refinance certain debts and to repair or replace
damaged property.

Farmers may apply through their local Farm Service Agency offices.

UNO STUDENT NAMED MISS NEBRASKA 2007

A student at the University of Nebraska at Omaha has been crowned 2007 Miss
Nebraska.

Ashley Bauer, competing as Miss Douglas County, was crowned Saturday in North
Platte.

Bauer is a mentor for the TeamMates Mentoring Program and selected TeamMates: A
Partnership for Youth as her platform.

Bauer is majoring in bioinformatics and is a Walter Scott Scholar. In addition
to the title of Miss Nebraska, Bauer won the Miss Scholar Award and the Miss
Community Service Award for her work with the TeamMates Mentoring Program.

Bauer has volunteered as a TeamMates Mentor in the Omaha Public Schools for the
past two years.

Runners-up at the pageant included first runner-up, Brittany Jeffers, Ogallala,
senior, University of Nebraska-Lincoln; second runner-up,Rachel Seidel,
Crawford, senior, Nebraska Wesleyan; and third runner-up, Kerry ter Kuille,
Omaha, junior, UNL.

Bauer will represent Nebraska at the Miss America 2008 Scholarship Pageant.

POLICE ARREST SECOND MAN IN ARMED ROBBERY

OMAHA - Police have arrested a second man suspected of an armed robbery broken
up by an off-duty police officer who chased one suspect and shot him.

An Omaha police news release said Wesley Kitt, 22, of Omaha was arrested on a
warrant early Wednesday without incident.

He was booked into jail on suspicion of two counts of robbery, two counts of
using a weapon to commit a felony, two counts of second-degree assault and one
count of attempted felony assault on an officer.

According to an Omaha police account, early Saturday, the officer, who was in
uniform as he worked security at an apartment complex, saw a man and woman being
held up by two armed robbers.

The robbers fled in different directions, and the officer chased one. That
robber turned and raised a gun toward the officer, who fired several times.

The officer, Kevin Vodicka, was placed on administrative leave pending further
investigation.

A gunshot victim was later reported at an Omaha hospital, and he was taken after
treatment to police headquarters.

That man, Joshua Harrington, 22, also of Omaha, was arrested on two counts of
robbery, two counts of using a weapon to commit a felony and one count of
attempted felony assault on an officer.

One of the robbery victims was taken to a hospital for treatment of injuries
that were not life-threatening.

- From staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             April 1, 1994, Friday

Storm aid programs gear up Federal, state agencies will help North Georgia
residents

BYLINE: By Shelley Emling STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section B; Page 4

LENGTH: 269 words


Now that President Clinton has signed a declaration making six North Georgia
counties disaster areas, here's what federal and state agencies will do to help
those affected by Sunday's tornadoes, which killed 19 people and destroyed
hundreds of homes and businesses.

A disaster field office will be opened in North Georgia within a few days to
coordinate the distribution of aid.

At least three or four federal Disaster Assistance Centers will be established
in affected areas this weekend, said Miller spokesman Rick Dent. Residents will
be able to go to these centers to apply for financial assistance, as well as
receive a wide range of help, from tax advice to psychological counseling.

Through the Federal Emergency Management Agency, working with the Georgia
Emergency Management Agency, governments also will be able to receive help to
pay cleanup costs. Residents will be able to apply for assistance such as
low-interest business loans through programs that include:

A broad grant program for low-income individuals who would not be eligible for
loans. Money would be available in about 10 days.

A low-interest loan program for individuals who have suffered damages either to
their homes or businesses.

A housing-assistance program to provide grants to people whose homes have been
made uninhabitable. Money for repairs and to obtain housing in the interim would
be provided.

An unemployment-assistance program to provide benefits to people who are out of
work as a result of the disaster. It covers people who would not otherwise be
eligible for unemployment benefits, such as farm workers.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940930011

GRAPHIC: Photo: Lindale residents view the wreckage from Sunday's storms, which
have claimed the lives of 19 people. / WALTER STRICKLIN / Staff

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             June 28, 2005 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Shellfish farmers to get assist;
Feds approve loans for hard-hit counties

BYLINE: Jon Chesto

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 463 words


The Patriot Ledger Shellfish farmers in Massachusetts can apply for low-interest
loans to help recover from red tide-induced losses now that federal officials
have designated three coastal counties as agricultural disaster areas.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency said yesterday that it
declared Plymouth, Barnstable and Essex counties eligible for subsidized loans.
Contiguous counties to the designated areas, such as Norfolk and Bristol
counties, are also eligible for the farm aid.

The disclosure is welcome news for the state's roughly 300 shellfish farmers,
also known as aquaculturists. They learned last week that they would not be
eligible for Small Business Assistance loans available to most of the state's
1,700-plus shellfishermen.

The local shellfish industry has been struggling since a red tide algae bloom
that shut down most of the state's shellfish areas hit in May. The algae can
render shellfish, such as clams and oysters, unsafe to eat.

Shellfishermen had hoped that the Federal Emergency Management Agency would open
the door to unemployment checks. However, FEMA denied that request last week,
leaving the shellfishermen to turn to low-interest loans for help. A spokesman
for Gov. Mitt Romney said last week that the state will appeal the FEMA
decision.

Meanwhile, the offices of U.S. Sens. John F. Kerry and Edward M. Kennedy
yesterday touted the passage in the U.S. Senate of a bill that the two
Massachusetts Democrats co-sponsored that would, if it becomes law, give
shellfish farmers access to SBA loans. For now, they can at least look to the
USDA for similar loans. The farming assistance that was disclosed yesterday will
give shellfish growers access to loans with interest rates of 3.75 percent for
up to 7 years, said Carrie Novak, farm loan chief at the Farm Service Agency's
Amherst office. Shellfish farmers can borrow up to $500,000, depending on their
losses.

"This is terrific news," U.S. Rep. William D. Delahunt, a Quincy Democrat, said
in a press release. "With a little more help from Mother Nature, and continued
pressure for a FEMA disaster declaration, let's hope to get through this crisis
without too much more hardship."

State Sen. Robert Hedlund, a Weymouth Republican, said he would like to support
some state assistance for the industry. Possible funding sources include two
supplemental budget bills that could come before the Legislature after the
fiscal year ends on Thursday.

"I'm not looking necessarily at handouts," Hedlund said. "But I want to see us
be in a position to keep that industry viable."

Shellfish growers in southeastern Massachusetts can find out more information or
apply for the low interest loans at the USDA service center in West Wareham. Jon
Chesto may be reached at jchesto@ledger.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Patriot Ledger


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 8, 2007 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Capitol: USDA grants governor's request for funds, while money from 'big
tobacco' and state coffers goes to help Oklahoman's health;
Farmers can ask for federal loans

BYLINE: Michael McNutt, Capitol Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 431 words


Oklahoma's farmers and ranchers who had to deal this year with high winds,
tornadoes, ice storms, floods and late freezes are eligible for low-interest
emergency loans from the federal government.

It's the second time in as many years agriculture producers in each of the
state's 77 counties may apply for the disaster loans.

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns on Friday declared 75 counties to be
disaster areas, making farmers and ranchers eligible for U.S. Agriculture
Department assistance.

The two counties not included in the disaster declaration - Pontotoc and
Pushmataha - are considered contiguous counties. Farmers and ranchers in those
counties also are eligible for federal low-interest emergency loans.

"This designation will not solve every problem that confronts Oklahoma farmers
and ranchers, but it is a step in the right direction," said Gov. Brad Henry.

"Oklahoma has seen some remarkable weather this year, and that has taken a toll
on Oklahoma's individual agricultural producers and an industry that is vital to
our state."

Unusual to repeat  Last year, Johanns approved a natural disaster designation
for all 77 Oklahoma counties because of drought, extreme heat and high winds in
2005 and 2006.

The back-to-back statewide disaster declarations are unusual, said Rod Wanger,
program specialist for the U.S. Agriculture Department's Farm Service Agency in
Stillwater.

"You usually don't have a disaster that affects the whole state," he said.
"Unfortunately drought did last year, and unfortunately this year everybody was
affected by freeze or all the perils we put in that (disaster request). We kind
of gathered up all the perils that happened in the state at that time, and by
the time we gathered all those up it pretty well had affected the whole state."

Disaster assistance  Friday's action is in response to a letter sent July 11
from Henry seeking assistance because of the various extreme weather conditions
since Jan. 1.

The request was made about a month before the remnants of Tropical Storm Erin
dumped as much as 10 inches in some parts of the state, resulting in flooding in
several cities and towns.

The federal disaster declaration will include damage caused by those floods and
heavy rains as well as severe weather that still may develop, Wanger said. The
declaration makes farmers and ranchers eligible for low-interest loans "and
that's about it," he said.

The emergency loans are capped at $500,000 per producer and have an interest
rate of 3.75 percent, said Phil Estes, farm loan program chief for the Farm
Service Agency in Stillwater.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                            January 24, 2006 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

ENERGY;
Repairs set for Texas power station

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; OKLAHOMA BRIEFS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 397 words


American Electric Power Co. Inc. said Monday it will shut its 690-megawatt
Oklaunion coal fired power station in Texas on Friday to repair the main boiler
feed pump.

The power plant is operated by AEP's Tulsa-based subsidiary Public Service Co.
of Oklahoma and supplies electricity to PSO and the Oklahoma Municipal Power
Authority, as well as three Texas utilities.

The plant is expected to remain closed until Feb. 8.

Restaurant operators sued for closing shop

Noodles Development LP, the Arizona franchisor of Nothing But Noodles, has filed
a lawsuit against Oklahoma's B&B Foods Inc., operator of the Nothing But Noodles
location at 2410 W Memorial Road and the former location at 208 Johnny Bench
Drive in Bricktown.

Noodles Development contends B&B is in breach of a franchise agreement because
the Oklahoma company closed its Bricktown franchise without permission from the
franchisor.

The lawsuit states B&B entered a 10-year franchise agreement with Noodles
Development to open two Nothing But Noodles locations and pay the franchisor a
continuing royalty fee of 6 percent and advertising fees for the term of the
agreement.

B&B Foods Inc., owned by Nic and Brandon Bittle, closed the Bricktown location
at the beginning of the year.

The company plans to turn the location into a Mexican restaurant, Rio Del Fuego
Mexican Grill, scheduled to open in February.

Nomination deadline nears for state award

The Oklahoma Department of Agriculture is accepting nominations for the
Governor's Outstanding Achievement Award in Agriculture.

The person selected will become the 2006 inductee into the Oklahoma Agriculture
Hall of Fame.

Anyone who derives the bulk of income from agriculture or who retired from an
agriculture enterprise is eligible.

Nomination deadline is March 15.

For more information or for a nomination form, visit www.oda.state.ok.us.

Emergency loans available for farmers

Oklahoma farmers affected by the recent wildfires may be able to apply for
emergency loan assistance from the Farm Service Agency.

Farm operators in Canadian, Cotton, Garvin, Hughes, Lincoln, Logan, Mayes,
Okfuskee, Oklahoma, Pottawatomie, Seminole and Stephens counties are also
eligible for low-interest emergency loans.

Emergency loan funds can be used for repairs or to purchase seed, fertilizer and
fuel.

For more information, contact your local Farm Service Agency at
www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Northern Daily Leader

                              July 4, 2014 Friday

Minister for Primary Industries and assistant Minister

SECTION: OTHER TOWNS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 594 words


Minister for Primary Industries and assistant Minister for Tourism and Major
Events Katrina Hodgkinson writes with an update on the NSW government's
commitment to helping drought-affected farmers.

There is no question the farming communities of rural and regional NSW are
resilient and stoic in the face of adverse conditions be they seasonal or market
driven.

However, the devastating seasonal conditions of the past two years have
stretched that resilience and stoicism to its limits in some regions.

I have visited much of drought-stricken NSW, including some parts where farmers
are experiencing the longest period of rainfall deficiency on record.

The NSW Liberal and National government has allocated more than $30 million to
temporary emergency assistance measures since November, 2013, to support our
drought-affected primary producers and regional communities.

For the first time, these emergency assistance measures included a waiver of
Local Land Services rates, from January 1, 2014 to June 30, 2014.

Unfortunately, due to the increased demand on the emergency drought support
package, this waiver was reduced from 12 months to six months, to ensure more
targeted relief measures could be delivered to those farmers in greatest need.

Another issue we faced was that a number of primary producers outlaid capital to
install crucial water infrastructure, but did not lodge an application prior to
the popular $21 million Emergency Water Infrastructure Rebate becoming fully
subscribed.

To address this problem, the NSW government has committed further money to fund
its contribution to the program for all applications received prior to today,
for work completed on or before June 30, 2014.

On July 1 this year the new national drought program commenced, which sees the
NSW government's role shift towards helping primary producers prepare for
drought and administering a number of Commonwealth government assistance
measures.

The NSW government's temporary emergency assistance measures concluded on June
30, ahead of the commencement of the new national drought program.

Looking to the future, we have allocated more funding to the Rural Support
Worker program and the Farm Innovation Fund, which provides primary producers
with long-term loans at concessional interest rates for on-farm drought
preparedness activities.

The NSW Liberal and National government has boosted staff numbers at the Rural
Assistance Authority (RAA), to ensure timely administration of the large amount
of applications received for emergency assistance measures.

The RAA and Local Land Services administer a number of Australian government
programs, including the $100 million Drought Concessional Loans Scheme, the Farm
Finance Concessional Loans Scheme and pest management programs.

The NSW Department of Primary Industries continually invests in, and
facilitates, the latest research and development into programs which support
drought preparedness, like drought- tolerant cereal and pasture varieties.

The NSW government also produces the monthly Seasonal Conditions Report a
valuable resource to assist primary producers to manage seasonal conditions.

I recognise that these measures only go so far in helping those primary
producers deal with drought, which is insidious in nature and has an ability to
pervade almost all aspects of life in our rural and regional communities.

The NSW government has established the independent and expert Regional
Assistance Advisory Committee, which will continue to provide ongoing advice and
recommendations on seasonal conditions and support programs.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 2, 2002 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Disaster Relief Small Help to Farmers;
Stricken by Tornado, Struggling With Debt, Some Can't Afford New Loans

BYLINE: Michael Amon, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C05

LENGTH: 1064 words


When a federal disaster area was declared after a tornado devastated much of
Southern Maryland, George Abell's spirits rose. The April 28 twister caused
about $ 250,000 in damage to his farm in western Charles County, and he would
need cash to rebuild.

But lately, reality has sunk in. Instead of providing the direct cash grants
that some homeowners have received, federal agencies could offer Abell and other
farmers only low-interest loans. And while most aid being offered to all
categories of property owners is in the form of loans, taking on new debt can
present special problems for farmers.

"That was a big disappointment," Abell, 54, said. "Paying it back, even at low
interest, is hard to do in the farming industry today."

Many Southern Maryland farmers feel left out of the federal assistance packages
that have flooded the region since the tornado blew through, causing five
deaths, destroying downtown La Plata and causing more than $ 120 million in
damage in Charles and Calvert counties and in Dorchester County on the Eastern
Shore.

For some, federal government aid has been adequate. The Federal Emergency
Management Agency has doled out $ 150,000 in grants to homeowners and renters.
The U.S. Department of Labor on Thursday authorized a grant of $ 2.2 million for
workers whose jobs were lost in the rubble of flattened businesses. FEMA has
given Charles County a $ 100,000 grant to help victims sort through mental
health issues, and the counties will be reimbursed for responding to the
twister.

But for farmers, promises of government help have largely not materialized.

No one has applied for the emergency low-interest loans offered through the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, though they have been available for a month.

Most farmers already have enough loan payments for equipment -- such as
combines, which can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars -- and buildings,
agriculture officials say. And many farmers are too old to want more debt. The
average Maryland farmer is older than 55, according to the Maryland Department
of Agriculture.

The debt "would be on top of what they already owe," said Pat Wathen, president
of the Charles County Farm Bureau, a private nonprofit advocacy group for
farmers. "And a lot of them wouldn't live long enough to pay it off."

Some federal cash assistance is available. On Thursday, USDA authorized $
180,000 in cost-share grants to help farmers clear debris and rebuild fences.
Charles County's division of the Farm Service Agency had requested $ 600,000.

But many farmers have already removed and burned most of their debris on their
own or with the help of volunteers. And the grant money cannot be used to
rebuild barns or sheds or buy new equipment.

In addition, the USDA money is only partial reimbursement. Farmers say they
cannot afford to pay substantial sums up front for debris removal and fences.

"I wish there was some sort of magic wand to wave to make things better," said
Steve Connelly, executive director of USDA's Maryland Farm Service Agency.
"We're limited in what's available."

Among farmers' compounding worries is insurance money, which has been slow in
coming. Some are still waiting for estimates. Others who took the state tobacco
buyout two years ago and agreed to stop growing the crop had reduced or
terminated the insurance on their tobacco barns, though they still used the
barns to store equipment or crops.

Maryland and county officials say they are trying to fill in with funding where
the federal assistance falls short.

One member of a Maryland task force appointed to help determine how $ 3.1
million in state tornado aid will be distributed has visited every farm damaged.
Tomorrow night in Hughesville, Maryland Agriculture Secretary Hagner R. Mister
-- himself a Calvert County farmer -- and other state and county officials will
talk to farmers about state money.

"This is a very high priority," said Mister, who knows several of the farmers
whose farms were damaged.

But some farmers are weary of officials talking about help. Carl and Olga
Walter, whose picturesque Hughesville farm lost 13 barns, seven grain bins,
three equipment sheds, a house and a trailer, have spoken to several officials
about their losses.

State officials and delegates have dropped by the Walter farm, which is run by
their nephew Steven Walter. Charles County commissioners have made phone calls
to state agencies on their behalf. U.S. Rep. Steny H. Hoyer (D-Md.) held Olga
Walter in his arms as she cried in front of television cameras.

But for all the attention paid to the Walters, no one has been able to deliver
the cash assistance they say they need to rebuild. They are both in their
mid-seventies and do not want loans.

"We've talked to a lot of people, but every time we go to get some actual help,
they say no," Olga Walter said.

Sitting on hilly lowland east of Hughesville, the farm where the Walter family
has lived for four generations over more than 80 years is the epitome of old
Southern Maryland. Tobacco was once grown on the Walters' 500 acres and taken to
the auction house in Hughesville.

Two years ago, the Walters took the Maryland tobacco buyout and now grow wheat
and tomatoes instead. The tornado helped usher out other vestiges of the past,
knocking down all the old tobacco barns.

The twister lifted grain bins off their foundations; the mangled metal of the
remains is strewn throughout a nearby woods. In a cruel reminder of a tornado's
caprice, a nearby queue of broken-down cars and a pile of junk next to them were
untouched.

The twister damaged hundreds of the Walters' irrigation pipes, which cost $ 150
each. It also uprooted countless trees, a serious blow for many farmers with
forestland because many logging companies will not pay premium prices for
damaged wood.

"That would be a source of revenue for them. That would probably be a part of
many farmers' retirement," Wathen said.

The Walters have started rebuilding as much as they can without government help.
Amish men from St. Mary's County gave free labor to help them build a hay shed,
but materials cost $ 15,000.

They and their nephew have started asking contractors about building new grain
bins, which cost $ 22,000 each. But they are waiting to see whether any disaster
aid becomes available.

"Things need to be decided," Steve Walter said. "We're just waiting."

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Weston County Gazette (Upton, Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 2, 2015

USDA Designates Niobrara County as Primary Natural Disaster Area

BYLINE: Weston County Gazette staff

LENGTH: 473  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated Niobrara County in
Wyoming as a primary natural disaster area due to damages and losses caused by
severe flooding and hail that occurred on June 3, 2015, and continues.

"Our hearts go out to those Wyoming farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Wyoming
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."

Farmers and ranchers in Converse, Goshen, Platte and Weston counties in Wyoming
also qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties are
contiguous.

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Nebraska and South Dakota also
qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous.
Those counties are: Sioux County in Nebraska, Custer and Fall River Counties in
South Dakota.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas on June 24,
2015, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own
merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity.

Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, The Livestock Forage Disaster Program, the
Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees,
and Farm-Raised Fish Program, and the Tree Assistance Program. Interested
farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further information on
eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and other
programs. Additional information is also available online at http://disaster.
fsa.usda.gov.

FSA news releases are available on FSA's website at www.fsa.usda.gov via the
"Newsroom" link. USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a
complaint of discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC
20250-9410 or call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339
(Local or Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WCG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 Weston County Gazette


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 3, 2001 Sunday

Agriculture Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Pg. d4

LENGTH: 354 words


Farmers can apply for emergency loans

Emergency loans are available to farmers in three Wisconsin counties and 13 Iowa
counties that might have suffered significant damage because of severe storms
that occurred in early April.

Eligible Iowa counties include Dubuque, Clayton and Jackson counties. The
Wisconsin counties eligible for emergency loans are Crawford, Grant and Vernon.

Emergency loans, at an interest rate of 3.75 percent, may be made to any family
farmer with qualifying losses in the affected counties. Approval is limited to
applicants who suffered severe physical losses caused by storms that occurred on
April 8, and who are unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

Loan applications will be accepted through Jan. 2. Interested farmers in the
designated counties should contact Farm Service Agency personnel at their local
USDA Service Center for more information and application forms.

Dairy breakfast planned

LANCASTER, Wis. - The Grant County Dairy Breakfast will be June 10 at the Grant
County Fairgrounds.

An all-you-can-eat breakfast featuring pancakes and ham and a host of dairy
items will be served from 7 a.m. until noon.

Tickets are $$ @3 for adults, $$ @1 for children age 6 to 12, and children
younger than 6 are admitted free.

Sky divers are scheduled at 9 and 11 a.m. There also will be a petting zoo, 4-H
Club singing demonstrations, machinery and antique machinery display, fire
department and rescue squad display, and free child safety seat inspections.

The WGLR Farm Family of the Year will be presented. The breakfast will feature
the John Schurman Memorial Cheese Challenge Contest and other attractions and
exhibits.

2 receive scholarships

LANCASTER, Wis. - Sheena Allbee and Cari Ehlen, both of Potosi, are the 2001
recipients of Kelly Meier Memorial Scholarships.

The awards recognize 4-H members seeking further education through the 4-H Horse
and Pony Project.

The recipients will use the scholarships toward registration fees at the Dubuque
County Trailblazers 4-H Horse and Pony Camp June 17-23 at the Dubuque County
Fairgrounds.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 20, 2011

Seven MN counties designated Primary Natural Disaster areas

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 534  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated seven counties in
Minnesota as primary natural disaster areas due to losses caused by the combined
effects of excessive rain, excessive heat, high winds, tornadoes and an early
fall frost that occurred during the period of April 1, 2011, through Sept. 15,
2011. Those counties are: Clay, Meeker, Pope, Yellow Medicine, Le Sueur, Norman
and Waseca.

"Minnesota has experienced multiple disaster conditions this year," said
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and I are pleased to
announce that Minnesota producers will soon see some very much needed federal
disaster assistance for its agricultural industry."

Farmers and ranchers in the following Minnesota counties also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are: Becker, Kandiyohi, Otter Tail, Stearns, Blue Earth, Lac Qui Parle,
Polk, Steele, Chippewa, Lincoln, Redwood, Stevens, Douglas, Lyon, Renville,
Swift, Faribault, McLeod, Rice, Wilkin, Freeborn, Mahnomen, Scott, Wrigh, Grant,
Nicollet and Sibley.

Farmers and ranchers in Cass, Richland and Traill counties in North Dakota, and
Deuel County in South Dakota also qualify for natural disaster assistance
because their counties are contiguous.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Dec. 13, 2011,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

USDA also has made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program (SURE), which was approved
as part of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008; the Emergency
Conservation

Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the Noriinsured Crop Disaster Assistance
Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for
further information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for
these and other programs. Additional information is also available online at
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

Secretary Vilsack also reminds producers that the department's authority to
operate the five disaster assistance programs authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill
expired on Sept. 30, 2011. This includes SURE; the Livestock Indemnity Program
(LIP); the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honey Bees, and Farm-Raised Fish
(ELAP); the Livestock Forage Disaster Program (LFP); and the Tree Assistance
Program (TAP). Production losses in the counties listed above are covered
because the event triggering the loss occurred prior to the expiration of these
programs; however, production losses due to disasters occurring after Sept. 30,
2011, are not eligible for disaster program coverage.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2011 The Ortonville Independent


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 15, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Farmers and Gardeners: Prepare Now to Weather the Whims of Mother
Nature

LENGTH: 737  words

DATELINE: Washington


Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news release:

New Jersey comes by its nickname, "The Garden State," honestly, as the
agricultural industry brings more than $987 million into the state's economy.
The state is among the top ten producers of cranberries, peaches, spinach, bell
peppers, blueberries, cucumbers, squash and tomatoes in the United States,
according to the New Jersey Farm Service Agency.

Commercial farms and home gardens alike present similar challenges when natural
disasters are a threat. The flat, open land that crops grow in and animals graze
on has few natural defenses against flooding, and any tall buildings on
farmland, such as barns and silos, can be vulnerable to lightning strikes.

While the average home garden doesn't have the same scope of a large farm,
owners of both can use similar methods to protect their crops, livestock and
property from the impact of a natural disaster.

Take a full inventory of everything: livestock, equipment, pesticides,
fertilizers, other chemicals and fuel. Animals should be tagged so they can be
returned if they get lost or hurt during an incident. Have sandbags and plastic
sheeting on hand to cover and protect crops and garden plots in case of
flooding. Use wire and rope to secure objects, and lumber and plywood to protect
windows. Put a fire extinguisher in every building and vehicle on your property.

Choose a safe, flood-proof location to store extra fuel for tractors and
vehicles, food and water for livestock, and a gas-powered generator in case of
power failure. Make sure that electrical power to flood-prone machines and
structures can be easily turned off. Have hand tools accessible to assist in
preparation and recovery.

If you are in a particularly flood-prone area, figure out escape routes for
livestock to get to higher ground. Also, keep them out of barns that may flood,
as their natural instinct is to seek shelter in a barn during an emergency.

In the aftermath of a disaster, report leaks of any hazardous materials
(pesticides, fuel, fertilizer and other chemicals) to authorities. Check your
utilities for signs of damage, and contact your utility company before turning
anything back on. Spray surviving livestock with insect repellent to protect
against mosquitoes, and have all animals checked for infectious diseases such as
pneumonia or foot rot.

Test the soil, especially in smaller gardens and flower beds. It is recommended
that flooded areas not be planted again for at least 30 to 60 days. Before
replanting, make sure the soil is dry and has been reworked. Salt water can get
washed up by waves and storm surge and get into the soil and on plants and
trees, causing leaves to brown and damaging roots and buds. The damage salt
spray can do to plants can last for several years.

Dispose of any leafy green vegetables and any other crops with edible parts that
were touched by flood water. Affected root vegetables can be sanitized for
consumption by rinsing them and soaking them in a bleach/water solution.

Once a disaster happens, the Farm Service Agency offers loans to farm owners to
cover repairs/replacements and working capital. Contact the local Disaster
Recovery Center after an incident for information, or visit a local FSA office.
Farmers can also contact the Department of Agriculture's Extension Service for
more information and materials on how they can protect themselves from
disasters.

The FSA has several financial programs to help farmers in the event of a
disaster.

The Emergency Conservation Program provides emergency funding for farmers and
ranchers to rehabilitate farmland damaged by wind erosion, floods, or other
disasters.

The Emergency Haying and Grazing Assistance Program coordinates emergency hay
placement and grazing of certain Conservation Reserve Program acreage in areas
suffering from weather-related disasters at the discretion of either the state
or national FSA.

The Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program covers non-insurable crop losses
caused by low yields, inventory loss or inability to plant crops due to a
disaster.

The Emergency Loan Assistance Program provides emergency loans to help livestock
producers recover from production and physical losses due to drought, floods,
other natural disasters, or quarantine. Contact your local Farm Service Agency
for more information about these programs.

For further information please visit: http://www.fema.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

Washington: USDA designates 156 Texas counties Primary Natural Disaster Areas
with assistance to producers in surrounding states

LENGTH: 616  words

DATELINE: Washington


Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association has issued the following news
release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated 156 counties in Texas
as primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by a drought
that occurred from Jan. 1, 2014, and continues. Those counties are:
Andrews  Aransas  Archer  Armstrong
Bailey  Bandera  Baylor  Bee
Bell  Bexar  Blanco  Borden
Bosque  Briscoe  Brown  Burnet
Calhoun  Callahan  Carson  Castro
Childress  Clay  Cochran  Coke
Coleman  Collin  Collingsworth  Comanche
Concho  Cooke  Coryell  Cottle
Crockett  Crosby  Dallam  Dallas
Dawson  Deaf Smith  Denton  DeWitt
Dickens  Dimmit  Donley  Eastland
Ector  Edwards  Ellis  El Paso
Erath  Fannin  Fisher  Floyd
Foard  Frio  Gaines  Garza
Gillespie  Goliad  Gonzales  Gray
Grayson  Hale  Hall  Hamilton
Hansford  Hardeman  Hartley  Haskell
Hemphill  Hidalgo  Hill  Hockley
Hood  Howard  Hutchinson  Irion
Jack  Jackson  Jim Wells  Johnson
Jones  Karnes  Kaufman  Kendall
Kent  Kerr  Kimble  King
Kinney  Knox  Lamb  Lampasas
La Salle  Lipscomb  Llano  Lubbock
Lynn  McCulloch  McLennan  Martin
Mason  Matagorda  Medina  Menard
Midland  Mills  Mitchell  Montague
Moore  Motley  Navarro  Nolan
Nueces  Ochiltree  Oldham  Palo Pinto
Parker  Parmer  Potter  Randall
Reagan  Real  Refugio  Roberts
Rockwall  Runnels  San Patricio  San Saba
Schleicher  Scurry  Shackelford  Sherman
Starr  Stephens  Sterling  Stonewall
Sutton  Swisher  Tarrant  Taylor
Terrell  Terry  Throckmorton  Tom Green
Upton  Uvalde  Val Verde  Victoria
Wheeler  Wichita  Wilbarger  Williamson
Wise  Yoakum  Young  Zavala

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Texas also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those counties are:
Atascosa  Bastrop  Brazoria  Brewster
Brooks  Caldwell  Cameron  Colorado
Comal  Crane  Delta  Duval
Falls  Fayette  Freestone  Glasscock
Guadalupe  Hays  Henderson  Hudspeth
Hunt  Jim Hogg  Kenedy  Kleberg
Lamar  Lavaca  Lee  Limestone
Live Oak  McMullen  Maverick  Milam
Pecos  Somervell  Travis  Van Zandt
Ward  Webb  Wharton  Willacy
Wilson  Winkler  Zapata

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in New Mexico and Oklahoma also
qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous.
Those counties are:

New Mexico
Curry  Dona Ana  Lea  Otero
Quay  Roosevelt  Union

Oklahoma
Beaver  Beckham  Bryan  Cimarron
Cotton  Ellis  Harmon  Jackson
Jefferson  Love  Marshall  Roger Mills
Texas  Tillman

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas on Jan. 7,
2015, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own
merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity.
Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, The Livestock Forage Disaster Program, the
Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees,
and Farm-Raised Fish Program, and the Tree Assistance Program. Interested
farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further information on
eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and other
programs.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:    editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        May 31, 2002 Friday 1ST EDITION

Disaster area covers state Farmers in all counties now eligible for federal
loans because of drought

BYLINE: By Mike Soraghan , and Steve Raabe, Denver Post Staff Writers,

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 1112 words


WASHINGTON - Every last parched bit of Colorado real estate  has now officially
been declared a federal agricultural disaster  area because of the worst drought
in decades.

Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman added 60 Colorado counties  Thursday to the
four already designated. That will make farmers in  all of Colorado's 64
counties eligible for low-interest loans of  up to $ 500,000.

According to the U.S. Farm Service Agency, it's the first  time since 1977 that
all of Colorado has been declared a drought  disaster area.

Colorado's winter wheat crop has been especially hard hit,  with estimates of
losses greater than $ 80 million.

Farm experts view winter wheat as an important early  indicator of drought
impact because the crop is harvested in July,  months before fall-harvest crops.
Colorado is the nation's  fifth-largest producer of winter wheat.

'The wheat crop is in pretty bad shape,' said Wiggins farmer  Joe Westhoff. 'I'm
almost 55 years old, and I can't ever remember  a crop this small.'

Some Colorado farms enjoyed a good rain last week that  salvaged a bit of their
crop. Others received almost no moisture  and have begun plowing under hundreds
of thousands of acres of  wheat.

'Out here, it's dry in a good year,' said Colorado  Agriculture Commissioner Don
Ament. 'When you end up with a lousy  snowpack, it all comes to roost. I'm
telling you flat out there  are going to be some guys who are not going to be in
this business  next year.'

Four counties in eastern Colorado - Kit Carson, Lincoln,  Phillips and Yuma -
were declared drought disaster areas on May 2.  Of the 60 declared Thursday, 44
are 'primary' disaster areas,  while 16 received the designation because they
border primary  disaster counties. Among those are Denver County, which borders
  primary disaster areas in Adams and Jefferson counties.       'Farmers and
ranchers in Colorado are suffering from extreme  drought conditions, and we are
examining every available program  to assist during these difficult times,'
Veneman said. 'This  emergency assistance should provide some relief from these
  devastating losses.'

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has declared disasters in  10 other states,
including all of Arizona, 66 of Texas' 254  counties, seven counties in Kansas,
13 in South Dakota and four in  Idaho.

The interest rate on the disaster loans is 3.75 percent,  which could allow a
farmer who has lost a crop to plant another  one for the summer, said Lewis
Frank, a Logan County farmer and  state director of the Farm Service Agency.

The disaster designation also allow ranchers to avoid large  capital gains tax
payments if they have to sell off all their  cattle.

Officials said they can't predict how many of Colorado's  30,000 farms and
ranches will be eligible for disaster loans  because total financial losses
won't be known for several months.

Wheat farmer Westhoff said drought losses are compounded by  low market prices
for crops.

'We've got a poor crop, and the dang stuff isn't worth  anything, anyway,' he
said.

Westhoff said he's not sure whether he'll apply for loans.

'When farmers are having trouble paying off their existing  loans, do they
really want to assume more debt?' he said.

Ament stressed that although the aid may help struggling  farmers, many farmers
will still decide selling out is better.  Loans must be paid back. Other
emergency programs allow cattle to  graze on land set aside for conservation,
but the land usually  doesn't have fences to keep cattle in or stock ponds for
them to  drink from.

'I'm sensitive to people saying, 'The government's bailed  them out. The
problem's over,'' Ament said. 'If you're sitting out  there with two days of
feed left, and I say you can have some  low-interest loans, but there's a lot of
ifs, you'd look at it and  say, 'Hell with it. I'm going to the sale barn.''

But if Congress were to pass an aid package for  drought-afflicted farmers, the
aid would most likely be directed  to the counties that have been designated.
Drought aid was  stripped out of this year's farm bill before it was passed. But

  the $ 2 billion package was reintroduced as a separate bill in the  Senate.

Gov. Bill Owens had requested the aid, and lawmakers  such as U.S. Sen. Wayne
Allard of Loveland U.S. Rep. Scott McInnis  of Grand Junction pressed Veneman to
grant the aid. McInnis wrote  to the Internal Revenue Service on Thursday asking
the agency to  confirm that farmers in disaster areas who sell off their
livestock don't have to pay capital gains tax.

Veneman also announced Thursday that farmers and ranchers in  an additional 10
Colorado counties will be able to grow crops or  graze cattle on land they'd set
aside for conservation, said Sean  Conway, a spokesman for Allard. But they will
have to pay a fee to  use it.

The 10 new counties, which bring the total for the emergency  grazing program to
26, are Adams, Boulder, Crowley, El Paso,  Lincoln, Logan, Morgan, Otero, Routt
and Washington counties.

The idea, Conway said, is to prevent the massive sell-off of  livestock that has
been occurring in southeastern counties.

'Last week, the governor and I went to a sale barn in La  Junta,' Ament said.
'I'm telling you, you couldn't have squeezed  another critter in there.'

Who qualifies

Emergency loans may be made to farmers and ranchers who:

Own or operate land located in a county declared by the  president or designated
by the secretary of agriculture as a  disaster area. (For physical losses only,
the FSA administrator  may authorize emergency loan assistance.)

Are established family farm operators and have sufficient  farming or ranching
experience.

Are citizens or permanent residents of the United States.

Have suffered at least 30-percent loss in crop production or a  physical loss to
livestock, livestock products or real estate.

Have an acceptable credit history.

Can provide collateral to secure the loan.

Have repayment ability.

Producers can borrow up to 100 percent of actual production or  physical losses,
to a maximum of $ 500,000. Loans for crop,  livestock, and non-real-estate
losses must normally be repaid in  one to seven years. In special circumstances,
terms of up to 20  years may be authorized. Loans for physical losses to real
estate  are normally repaid within 30 years. In certain circumstances,
repayment may be extended to 40 years. The current annual interest  rate for
such loans is 3.75 percent.


LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  The Denver Post Dry all over

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Spartanburg, Cherokee and Union counties declared federal disaster areas due to
heavy rains

BYLINE: Lynne P. Shackleford, Herald-Journal, Spartanburg, S.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 709 words


Aug. 28--Upstate farms devastated by excessive rainfall this year could qualify
for federal low-cost emergency loans to provide some relief.

The U.S. Secretary of Agriculture announced farmers in 36 South Carolina
counties -- including Spartanburg, Cherokee and Union counties -- could qualify
for the emergency loans to help farmers into next season.

Andy Rollins is a Clemson Extension service agent in Spartanburg who specializes
in commercial fruit and vegetables. He said excessive rains have damaged every
crop in almost each local farm he works with. Older farmers don't remember
another season where rains have caused as much damage, Rollins said.

Peaches are the highest valued crop in Spartanburg County and peach farmers face
the greatest financial losses from the rains, Rollins said.

Many peach trees have been lost to the damage, which affects this year's profits
and profits in subsequent years. If a peach tree is lost, it can be replaced,
but it takes three to five years before the tree can bear fruit in order for a
farmer to begin making up for lost profit, Rollins said.

Chesnee peach farmer Geary Jolley agreed with Rollins' assessment.

"The problem with these excessive rains we've had is that it kills the trees and
you lose production for four to five years before you have any peaches from a
new tree," Jolley said.

Investment and labor costs are higher for peach farmers, although farmers who
harvest vegetable and other fruits also suffered damage and financial losses,
Rollins said.

Trees need to breathe and with recurring, heavy rains, trees can't get the air
they need. Rollins said there have been multiple issues with peaches rotting,
but brown rot damage is extensive and affects the entire tree. Another problem
is protection products farmers use on the trees are washed away by heavy rain.

Farmers have reported damage, although the extent varies according to location.

"It's safe to say, though, that this area has already seen twice as much
rainfall already this year than was reported in all of last year," he said.

Jolley, president of Geary Jolley Farms in Chesnee, said this year has been
"tough."

Jolley said any assistance the federal government provides can help some
farmers, but a stipulation of past emergency loans has been for the farmer to
exhaust all other financial assistance options.

"Most farmers are in debt of some kind, but unless you're up to your eyeballs in
debt, these type of loans aren't all that useful," Jolley said. "If you can
borrow money somewhere else, they want you to do that first."

Rollins said farmers of vegetables and fruits such as strawberries and
blackberries also have had a hard time this season. Local strawberry farmers
reported a fourth to half of their normal crop was lost. A Pickens strawberry
farmer had his entire crop wiped out, Rollins said.

"It messed up the strawberries pretty badly and it ended the blackberry season
sooner," Rollins said. "There are still some good crops out there and not every
farmer suffered really extensive damage, but it's been a trying time for them."

Billy Ledford, who co-owns Beechwood Farms with his sister in northern
Greenville County, sells vegetables such as sweet corn, squash, tomatoes, okra
and strawberries at his roadside market and on Saturdays at the Hub City Farmers
Market in Spartanburg.

Ledford said about five to seven acres on his farm have been flooded.

"It's sadly discouraging when you have rain like we've had rain this year,"
Ledford said.

Ledford is hopeful the low-interest loans could help pay for fertilizer and seed
from this year's crop and help with operating costs for next year.

"If you have a four to six percent loan and can possibly take it down to a 1.25
percent loan, that's worth looking into," Ledford said. "It's not all bad news
this way, but any help is better than no help."

Rollins said that despite the rainfall, peach farmers are confident the last
three weeks of the season will yield good peaches.

"The tail end of the season looks real promising so I would urge people to keep
buying produce and to buy local," Rollins said.

___ (c)2013 the Spartanburg Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, S.C.) Visit the
Spartanburg Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, S.C.) at www.GoUpstate.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130828-SG-Spartanburg-Cherokee-and-Union-counties-declared-federal-disaster-ar
eas-due-to-heavy-rains-0828-20130828

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SG


                         Copyright 2013 Herald-Journal


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 19, 2004 Friday
                                  All Editions

4 Maine counties approved for;
Disaster-area loans

SECTION: Pg. B7

LENGTH: 194 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved four Maine counties to be
declared primary natural disaster areas, making farmers in Aroostook, Franklin,
Oxford and Penobscot counties eligible for low-interest emergency loans from the
Farm Service Agency.

The disaster declaration is based on submitted damage assessment reports
provided by each county detailing the excessive rain that occurred in the summer
and fall of 2003, which contributed to losses in agricultural products within
the regions.

Additionally, the following Maine counties were declared contiguous disaster
areas, making them also eligible to be considered for the low-interest emergency
loans from FSA: Androscoggin, Cumberland, Hancock, Kennebec, Piscataquis,
Somerset, Waldo, Washington and York counties.

"The excessive rain season and detrimental winter experienced in 2003 devastated
the viability of the agricultural products that farm operators rely on for their
livelihood," said U.S. Sen. Olympia Snowe in announcing the declaration. "The
financial assistance these low-interest loans provide serves as a vital tool for
preventing further economic hardship caused by unpredictable weather."

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Bangor Daily News


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

USDA Designates 4 Counties in Arizona as Primary Natural Disaster Areas with
Assistance to Producers in New Mexico

LENGTH: 495  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated Cochise, Graham, Pima,
and Santa Cruz counties in Arizona as primary natural disaster areas due to
damages and losses caused by a recent drought.





 "Our hearts go out to those Arizona farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Arizona
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."



 Farmers and ranchers in Apache, Gila, Greenlee, Maricopa, Navajo, Pinal, and
Yuma counties in Arizona also qualify for natural disaster assistance because
their counties are contiguous.



 Farmers and ranchers in Hidalgo County in New Mexico also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous.



 All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas on Aug. 10,
2016, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own
merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity.



 Other FSA programs that can provide assistance, but do not require a disaster
declaration, include the Emergency Conservation Program; Livestock Forage
Disaster Program; Livestock Indemnity Program; Emergency Assistance for
Livestock, Honeybees, and Farm-Raised Fish Program; and the Tree Assistance
Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for
further information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for
these and other programs. Additional information is also available online at
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.



 FSA news releases are available on FSA's website at www.fsa.usda.gov via the
"Newsroom" link.



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender. To file a complaint
of discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil
Rights, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC
20250-9410 or call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339
(Local or Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 26, 2012 Thursday

Kasich seeks federal aid for Ohio farmers

BYLINE: Jim Provance, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: FOOD NEWS

LENGTH: 1069 words


July 26--COLUMBUS -- Immersed in Ohio's annual celebration of all things
agriculture, Gov. John Kasich on Wednesday urged the federal government to
declare an emergency for drought-stricken farmers to make them eligible for
low-interest loans and other help.

He also ordered the state to make highway rights-of-way available for
neighboring farmers to cut hay for livestock feed, if that can be done safely.

"There are a number of things that we can do in this state that are all related
to this," Mr. Kasich said after getting a tour on the opening day of the Ohio
State Fair.

"There's going to be a lot of loss, and it's tragic," he said. "These farmers
scrape by, sometimes year to year, and this year could knock them out. That's
the problem."

So far, just five Ohio counties, all in the northwest, are deemed to be in a
drought emergency by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. But Fulton, Williams,
Defiance, Paulding, and Van Wert have that designation because they abut
counties in Michigan or Indiana that have been formally declared. That could
also make farmers in those counties eligible for low-interest loans.

"We've got another 83 counties in the state that have been pretty hard-hit, but
do not yet qualify to seek that assistance," said Erica Pitchford, spokesman for
the Ohio Department of Agriculture.

The chief form of assistance that would be available, low-interest federal
loans, recently saw the annual interest rate slashed from 3.75 percent to 2.25
percent. In prior years, farmers in designated counties might have been eligible
for cash assistance from the federal government to help compensate for crop
losses not covered by insurance, but that help expired with the last federal
farm bill in 2011. Congress has yet to pass a successor.

The loan fund is fueled by Congress, but the loan repayments flow directly back
into the U.S. Treasury so it is designed not to add to the federal budget
deficit, the size of which has been often criticized by the Republican governor.

"These are loans," said Kasich spokesman Rob Nichols. "The government is repaid
the money."

Three weeks ago, U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack moved to streamline
the emergency declaration process, which typically would involve multiple
government agencies in determining whether a county qualified.

Mr. Kasich also urged the federal government to temporarily defer payments on
prior federal loans and to waive restrictions on the cutting of hay for
livestock from acreage owned by farmers that has been set aside for
conservation. The federal government has already expressed a willingness to do
the latter.

"We're down that path now, but I can see why the governor wanted to make sure we
did not leave any stone unturned," said Steve Mauer, Ohio director for the
federal Farm Service Agency. "What the secretary did the other day with the
conservation preserve program is to open the land for haying and grazing in the
state. He simplified the process, and the governor, I think, is asking us to
keep doing that kind of stuff. We're doing everything we can."

The Ohio Department of Agriculture will be required under Mr. Kasich's order to
educate farmers on ways they can mitigate drought damage and to hold a series of
regional hearings to discuss forage management, water availability, heat stress,
and mitigation.

Defiance County farmer Leo Shininger said federal assistance might help some
farmers, but what the region really needs is something no agency can give them
-- more rain.

Though he said some farmers may be helped by low-interest federal loans, he
worries others might use the assistance to expand their farms instead.

"It's a fine line when you're helping people, what they do with the money," Mr.
Shininger said. "Are they going to pay the bills with it, or are they going to
buy some new ground?"

Mr. Shininger, who also is a member of the Defiance County Board of Trustees for
the Ohio Farm Bureau, estimated that about 80 percent of the county's corn acres
were insured, but only about half of farmers had insurance. Generally, farmers
with smaller operations are less likely to get insurance, he said.

"The guys that have crop insurance will be fine. The guys that don't have
insurance, well, they made a mistake. What do you do with people that made a
mistake? There's some people who had been [buying insurance] for years and
decided this year they won't have it. It's a bad year to decide that," he said.

In spite of this year's drought, Mr. Shininger said the last few years have been
very good ones for him and many other area crop farmers, and he is already
looking toward future crops.

"A long time ago I just wrote off the year, and I sleep better at night," he
said. "You think about next year. You think about survival next year."

David Daniels, Ohio agricultural director, said the state hasn't seen an
agricultural drought like this since 1988. While Toledo's rainfall for 2012 was
just 2.18 inches below normal as of Wednesday afternoon, some areas' rainfall
has fallen nine inches short this year.

But while topsoil conditions are dry, he stressed that water tables have not
fallen enough that a drought-emergency declaration for the general public is
necessary.

"A lot of people have not lived through this type of a dry spell before, so one
of the things we want to do is bring together all of our partners so that we can
put together some informational meetings about where you can find hay, how you
go about culling your herd if you need to, that sort of thing," Mr. Daniels
said.

Unlike a disaster declaration, there is no state equivalent of a federal
agricultural drought emergency that would free up state money.

The drought comes as the state continues to work to recover from the recession.
Mr. Kasich said his administration has not tried to quantify what impact a
drought affecting the state's $105 billion food and agricultural industry could
have on the state's broader economy.

"Clearly, with agriculture being important, it's going to have an impact," he
said. "You're going to have higher prices, which will impact consumers, whether
it's dairy, whether it's beef.... But in terms of a macro impact, we haven't
made an estimate."

Staff writer Tyrel Linkhorn contributed to this report.

Contact Jim Provance at: jprovance@theblade.com or 614-221-0496.

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120726-TO-Kasich-seeks-federal-aid-for-Ohio-farmers-0726-20120726

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Area News

                              July 7, 2014 Monday

Minister for Primary Industries Katrina Hodgkinson

SECTION: EDITOP; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 633 words


Minister for Primary Industries Katrina Hodgkinson is concerned about
drought-stricken farmers.

There is no question the farming communities of rural and regional NSW are
resilient and stoic in the face of adverse conditions be they seasonal or market
driven.

However, the devastating seasonal conditions of the last two years have
stretched that resilience and stoicism to its limits in some regions.

I have visited much of drought-stricken NSW, including some parts where farmers
are experiencing the longest period of rainfall deficiency on record.

The NSW Liberals and Nationals government has allocated more than $30 million to
temporary emergency assistance measures since November 2013, to support our
drought-affected primary producers and regional communities.

For the first time, these emergency assistance measures included a waiver of
Local Land Services rates, from January 1, 2014 to June 30, 2014.

Unfortunately, due to the increased demand on the emergency drought support
package, this waiver was reduced from 12 months to six months, to ensure more
targeted relief measures could be delivered to those farmers in greatest need.

Another issue we faced was that a number of primary producers outlaid capital to
install crucial water infrastructure, but did not lodge an application prior to
the popular $21 million Emergency Water Infrastructure Rebate becoming fully
subscribed.

To address this problem, the NSW government has committed further money to fund
its contribution to the program for all applications received prior to July 4,
2014, for work completed on or before June 30, 2014.

On July 1 this year the new national drought program commenced, which sees the
NSW Government's role shift towards helping primary producers prepare for
drought and administering a number of assistance measures.

For information on NSW Government support, and advice on how to best manage
seasonal conditions, visit the Local Land Services, www.lls.nsw.gov.au; the RAA,
www.raa.nsw. gov.au; and the DPI, www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/emergency
/drought.

The NSW Government's temporary emergency assistance measures concluded on 30
June 2014, ahead of the commencement of the new national drought program.

Looking to the future, we have allocated more funding to the Rural Support
Worker program and the Farm Innovation Fund, which provides primary producers
with long-term loans at concessional interest rates for on-farm drought
preparedness activities.

The NSW Liberals & Nationals Government has boosted staff numbers at the Rural
Assistance Authority (RAA), to ensure timely administration of the large amount
of applications received for emergency assistance measures.

The RAA and Local Land Services administer a number of Australian Government
programs, including the $100 million Drought Concessional Loans Scheme, the Farm

Finance Concessional Loans Scheme and pest management programs.

The NSW Department of Primary Industries (DPI) continually invests in and
facilitates the latest research and development into programs which support
drought preparedness, like drought-tolerant cereal and pasture varieties.

The NSW Government also produces the monthly Seasonal Conditions Report - a
valuable resource to assist primary producers to manage seasonal conditions.

I recognise that these measures only go so far in helping those primary
producers deal with drought, which is insidious in nature and has an ability to
pervade almost all aspects of life in our rural and regional communities.

The NSW Government has established the independent and expert Regional
Assistance Advisory Committee, which will continue to provide ongoing advice and
recommendations on seasonal conditions and support programs.

Katrina Hodgkinson MP

Minister for Primary Industries

Assistant Minister for Tourism and Major Events

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Cleburne Times-Review (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 18, 2012 Wednesday

More aid rolls in for Johnson County farmers

BYLINE: John Harden, Cleburne Times-Review, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 464 words


Jan. 18--The federal government announced it is making low-interest loans
available to help farmers with agricultural recovery efforts in Johnson County
and several other Texas counties.

On Jan. 3, the U.S. Department of Agriculture named Johnson County and 39 other
Texas counties as primary disaster areas because of the drought and related
factors, such as last year's devastating wildfires.

People who live in those counties may be eligible for low-interest emergency
loans of up to $500,000 from the USDA's Farm Service Agency.

Other counties include Austin, Bell, Bosque, Brazoria, Burnet, Cochran, Fort
Bend, Freestone, Garza, Hockley, Jack, Lee, Limestone, Lubbock, Lynn, McLennan,
Milam, Nolan, Parker, Robertson, Scurry and Taylor.

People in these counties and 23 others neighboring them in the basin can apply
for loans.

The drought has been hard on countless farmers across Texas. Farmers and
ranchers depend on regular rainfall to sustain their livelihood, HayBarn.com
owner Hank Neal said.

Haybarn.com, a site devoted to helping farmers nationwide find hay during
droughts, is one site seeing an increase in web traffic from desperate Texas
farmers using ads to find hay and other farming assistance.

"I'm continuing to see some really sad emails from farmers who can't afford to
feed their herds," Neal said. "Hopefully this loan will help provide some
relief."

AgriLife Extension Service economists estimate Texas has already lost about $6
billion in revenue caused by the drought.

The loans can be used to replace or restore essential property, pay production
costs from the disaster year, pay essential family living expenses, reorganize
the farming operation and refinance certain debts, according to the USDA.

To be eligible for the loan, farmers and ranchers must be established family
farm operators who suffered at least a 30 percent loss to their crop production
or livestock and have an acceptable credit history, among other factors.

The low-interest loan offer for these counties expires in eight months,
according to the USDA.

"Texas farmers have experienced severe drought conditions over a long period of
time, which has caused major losses to a wide variety of crops such as forage
crops, pasture, corn, oats and wheat," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in
a press release. "[We are] committed to using the resources at our disposal to
reduce the impact of these disasters on Texas producers and help to get those
affected back on their feet."

To learn about the emergency loan requirements or the emergency declaration and
other types of agricultural assistance, visit www.fsa.usda.gov.

___ (c)2012 the Cleburne Times-Review (Cleburne, Texas) Visit the Cleburne
Times-Review (Cleburne, Texas) at www.cleburnetimesreview.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120118-XT-More-aid-rolls-in-for-Johnson-County-farmers-0118-20120118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XT


                      Copyright 2012 Cleburne Times-Review


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 19, 2013 Thursday

Orangeburg County farmers can get loans for June tornado damage

BYLINE: The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 381 words


Sept. 19--A June tornado has led the U.S. Department of Agriculture to make
farmers in Orangeburg and four other counties with damage from the storm
eligible for USDA disaster assistance, announced Deborah DeLorme, county
executive director of the Farm Service Agency.

The disaster designation is a result of losses caused by a tornado that occurred
on June 4. The decision makes all qualified farm operators in the designated
areas eligible for low-interest emergency loans from FSA.

The disaster areas were designated on Sept 11. Farmers have eight months from
the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses.

In addition to Orangeburg, the designated counties are Berkeley, Charleston,
Colleton and Dorchester.

According to T&D reporting of the storm, the National Weather Service stated
that the tornado downed trees and snapped power lines near Interstate 26 in the
Bowman area.

The storm moved along the interstate and its path seemed to cross Ebenezer Road,
Duncan Chapel Road, Landsdown Road, Arista Road and Winter Creek Road.

A chicken house on Arista Road completely collapsed in the storm and others
sustained roof damage.

Downed trees also caused traffic to back up several miles near the Interstate 95
interchange.

The tornado arrived as eastern Orangeburg County was under a severe thunderstorm
warning. The storm eventually moved into Dorchester and Berkeley counties.

FSA states that it will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the emergency loan program, to help
eligible farmers recover from adversity.

USDA has also made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance and the
Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program.

Interested farmers may contact USDA Service Centers for further information on
eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and other
programs. Additional information is also available online at:
disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

___ (c)2013 The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) Visit The Times and
Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) at thetandd.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130919-GG-Orangeburg-County-farmers-can-get-loans
-for-June-tornado-damage-0919-20130919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2013 The Times and Democrat


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            August 31, 2007, Friday

USDA designates natural disaster areas

SECTION: METRO NORTH; Pg. P3

LENGTH: 191 words


According to the United States Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency
in West Virginia, 42 counties in the state have been declared primary natural
disaster areas because of losses caused by continuing drought that began May 15.

Local counties falling under the designation include Kanawha, Putnam, Mason and
Fayette counties.

All counties listed were designated natural disaster areas on Aug. 9, making all
qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for EM loans, provided
eligibility requirements are met.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for the loans to help cover part of their actual losses.

FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into account
the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has a
variety of programs available, in addition to the emergency loan program, to
help eligible farmers recover from adversity.

USDA has also made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance and the
Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 7, 2010 Thursday
                                  All Editions

USDA disaster loans open to state farmers

SECTION: Pg. A5

LENGTH: 351 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated Aroostook, Hancock, Penobscot,
Piscataquis, and Somerset Counties in Maine as primary natural disaster areas in
three separate disaster designations. The designation means farmers and ranchers
are eligible for low-interest loans.

Aroostook County received a disaster designation for drought that occurred
between Aug. 1 and Sept. 15, 2009. Somerset County received a designation for
heavy rains, flash flooding and high winds that occurred starting June 1, 2009.
Hancock, Penobscot and Piscataquis counties received a designation for heavy
rains and subsequent drought from June 9 through Aug. 30, 2009.

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Maine also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous: Franklin, Kennebec,
Knox, Waldo, Washington.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Jan. 4, 2010,
making all qualified farm and ranch operators in the designated areas eligible
for low-interest emergency loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency, provided
eligibility requirements are met.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses. The farm agency
will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into account the
extent of losses, security available and repayment ability.

The agency has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to
help eligible farmers and ranchers recover from adversity.

USDA has also made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program, which was approved as
part of the Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008; the Emergency
Conservation Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program.

Interested producers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and
other programs. Additional information is also available online at
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Bangor Daily News


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 14, 1999

Demand for USDA Loans Climbs Sharply

LENGTH: 234 words

Washington-Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said that demand for U.S.
Department of Agriculture guaranteed and direct farm loans has increased 65%
this year from last year's level.

Mr. Glickman said natural disasters and a weak agricultural economy have fueled
demand for government-backed farm loans. Many farmers and ranchers are seeking
USDA loans to restructure existing debt.

As a result, the USDA has a backlog of 12,000 applications for direct and
guaranteed farm operating, farm ownership and emergency loans. The funds for all
of these programs are out of money or nearly out, he said.

Mr. Glickman chided Congress for not acting quickly on a request for more
lending authority, saying that for each day that Congress fails to act, 150
farmers are unable to get financing they need to stay in business.

President Clinton requested $ 152 million in emergency supplement funding for
farm credit and staffing needs in February.

"I can't say it more clearly: this is a crisis that deepens with every day of
delay. The time to act is now," he said.

In late May, both the House and the Senate passed a supplemental appropriations
bill that includes additional funding for the USDA's guaranteed loan programs.
The legislation enjoyed support from the American Bankers Association.
Currently, the USDA guarantees credit made to some 48,000 farmers and ranchers.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                             June 25, 2015 Thursday

Pollies still preparing as drought drags on

BYLINE: MIKE FOLEY

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 451 words


AS DROUGHT drags on in Far North West NSW, the government continues to fund
preparedness measures for farmers.

Primary Industries Minster Niall Blair announced $63 million would be invested
across five years in drought assistance, with $50m set aside for low- interest
Farm Innovation Fund loans.

A further $9m was allocated to training farmers to better prepare for drought,
which would include the Rural Financial Counsellors service to help them apply
for loans.

Also, $1.25m was committed to building the network of weather stations across
the state for improved weather forecasting.

NSW Farmers president Fiona Simson said funding for practical drought assistance
is needed immediately.

Drought-hit northern NSW was a "disaster situation" with many producers copping
their fourth year in a row with less than average rainfall, she said.

"It is disappointing there is no in-drought support," she said.

"We will continue to talk with government about this issue.

"It is absolutely critical the government stands beside people in North West
NSW.

"These people pay taxes and contribute to the state in good times.

"It is an integral part of the economy."

The Emergency Water Infra-structure Rebate scheme (EWIR) is set to expire on
June 30, but little on-farm assistance was announced to replace it.

However, the budget allocates $1m towards fodder and transport subsidies.

Mr Blair said the government was working with the Common-wealth on its drought
support measures, the Drought Recovery Concessional Loans and Drought
Concessional Loans schemes.

"I am in constant discussions with the Commonwealth government regarding drought
assistance measures, to ensure they continue to be made available to those
farmers most in need," Mr Blair said.

The emergency water scheme provides rebates for water works to de-silt dams and
install emergency on-farm water infrastructure, such as pipelines, bores, tanks
and troughs for farmers experiencing a greater than one-in-50-year drought.

The Land reported last month the scheme was undersubscribed as the end of
financial year 2014-15 approaches, with farmers questioning the funding criteria
set by the federal government, which relies on a weather analysis system that
categorises some North Coast towns in a 50-year drought, but excludes parched
areas of the Far North West ("Rebate scheme fires up farmers", May 28 p5).

Opposition primary industries spokesman Mick Veitch had "real concerns" about
the budget's allocation for drought.

"There's no new funding in the budget for drought and nothing for farmers who
are currently in a drought," he said.

"I want to know how the government is going to make it simpler for farmers who
are in drought to apply for this funding."

MIKE FOLEY

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            August 31, 2007, Friday

USDA designates counties as natural disaster areas

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P3

LENGTH: 205 words


According to the United States Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency
in West Virginia, 42 counties in the state have been declared primary natural
disaster areas because of losses caused by continuing drought that began May 15.

Local counties falling under the designation include Kanawha, Putnam, Mason and
Fayette counties.

All counties listed were designated natural disaster areas on Aug. 9, making all
qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for EM loans, provided
eligibility requirements are met.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for the loans to help cover part of their actual losses.

FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into account
the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has a
variety of programs available, in addition to the emergency loan program, to
help eligible farmers recover from adversity.

USDA has also made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance and the
Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program.

Interested farmers can contact their local USDA Service Centers for further
information.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Portola Reporter (California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 29, 2012

Disaster declaration to expire March 2013

BYLINE: The Portola Reporter staff

LENGTH: 328  words


Pursuant to the secretary of agriculture's designation of an emergency for 19
California counties July 12, 2012, the counties listed below have been named
eligible for USDA emergency farm loans because of physical and production losses
based on damages and losses caused by drought, which occurred Feb. 21 through
May 14,2012:

Butte, Calaveras, Fresno, Inyo, Kern, Lassen, Madera, Mariposa, Modoc, Mono,
Plumas, Riverside, San Bernardino, Shasta, Sierra, Siskiyou, Tehama, Tulare and
Tuolumne.

In addition, the following contiguous counties are eligible:

California: Alpine, Amador, Colusa, Del Norte, Glenn, Humboldt, Imperial, Kings,
Los Angeles, Mendocino, Merced, Monterey, Nevada, Orange, San Benito, San Diego,
San Joaquin, San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, Stanislaus, Sutter, Trinity,
Ventura and Yuba.

Oregon: Jackson, Josephine, Klamath and Lake.

Nevada: Clark, Douglas, Esmeralda, Lyon, Nye and Washoe.

Arizona: La Paz.

Farmers in all counties have eight months to apply for the loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. Some of the eligibility requirements are listed
below:

Have suffered at least a 30 percent loss of normal production directly related
to above-cited cause.

Be able to repay the loan and any other loans.

Be unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

Have adequate security.

Have multi-peril crop insurance, if available.

Meet other eligibility criteria.

All applicants must complete a certification of disaster losses, which reflects
the exact date(s) and nature of the designated disaster and how it caused the
loss or damage. Crop insurance field reports may be a source for documenting
losses directly related to the cited cause.

The authorization for Farm Service Agency (FSA) to accept emergency loan
applications under this authorization expires March 12, 2013. Applications
should be filed with the FSA Service Center at 215 Executive Court, Suite C,
Yreka, CA 96097 or the Shasta County FSA office at 3644 Avtech Parkway, Suite

D, Redding, CA 96002.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: POR

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2012 Portola Reporter


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 10, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

WASHINGTON TALK: FARMERS HOME ADMINISTRATION;
TRYING TO COLLECT IN HARD TIMES

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 6, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 1138 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 9


For most of its 51 years, the Farmers Home Administration has existed deep in
the bowels of the Agriculture Department's enormous building near the Washington
Monument, quietly lending farmers down on their luck just enough to stay in
business. In county offices around the country, the agency's supervisors saw as
their primary mission preservation of the small American family farm, even if
some loans went bad and some others were paid off too slowly.

Lately, however, the Reagan Administration has seen things somewhat differently.
The agency's 275,000 farm borrowers now owe the Government $30 billion and the
Administration has been trying to collect by mailing foreclosure notices, hiring
debt collection people, filing civil suits and indicting farmers who have sold
crops or livestock that belonged to the Government.

The effort has been met by resistance in Congress, outrage in the fields and
vituperation in newspapers in the Middle West. Last week, after some outcry, the
Administrator of the agency said that the policy was being reviewed. $64.6
Million Debt Administration officials and other critics contend that the
agency's woes are to a large extent a result of its own extravagant and reckless
loan practices in the late 1970's and 1980's.

In California, for example, Tex-Cal Land Management Inc., a 7,000-acre grape and
almond farm near Delano, was lent $12 million in 1979, was granted several other
huge loans in 1980 and 1981, and now owes the Government $64.6 million. Interest
on the debt is mounting at a rate of $12,790.74 daily.

Vance L. Clark, Administrator of the agency since late last year, is the first
to admit that the agency's ability to manage its loan portfolio ''sometimes left
a lot to be desired.''

Mr. Clark, however, puts part of the onus on Congress, which passed a number of
new programs in the mid-1970's that suddenly put billions of dollars into the
agency's coffers. All over the country, he said, the agency's county supervisors
regularly authorized disaster, emergency and other farm loans of more than $1
million. No lending institution in America had a more liberal policy. Yet, after
five years of decline in agriculture, the agency is now faced with collecting
the debt, a mission that has put Mr. Clark and his agency in a delicate
position.

'We Have Responsibility'

''We're talking about a sacred group in America,'' he said. ''Anytime you do
anything that is perceived to jeopardize their way of life, you better be
prepared to duck a few rocks. But we are owed a lot of money and we have the
responsibility to try and collect it.''

Some authorities on agricultural law, however, contend that the agency's
debt-collecting strategy represents an abrupt shift in policy that may be
illegal. ''Their original statute does not provide them with this kind of
authority without the prior approval of Congress,'' said John Arens, a lawyer in
Fayetteville, Ark,. who specializes in cases involving the agency.

The agency has been sued 55 times since 1981 by farmers saying its loan
-collecting and foreclosure practices were unconstitutional. The agency lost 37
times, including a landmark case in North Dakota two years ago that prompted the
agency to write new foreclosure regulations. Mr. Clark says it now has the
authority to collect its debt without Congressional approval.

Warning Notices Used

Legislators, too, are concerned about stepped-up efforts to pursue delinquent
loans. Last winter Congressmen from both parties criticized a program that
involved mailing 65,000 notices warning farmers who owed a total of $6 billion
that unless they got current on their payments the Government was prepared to
foreclose on their farms.

Today, a group of Senators attacked the program to hire a collection agency to
pursue 6,500 delinquent borrowers who owe $630 million. The Senate Agricultural
Appropriations Subcommittee unanimously approved a measure that would prevent
the Department of Agriculture from using any of its money to employ collection
agencies.

''Farmers Home is doing a very poor job in dealing with this problem,'' said
Senator Thad Cochran, a Republican from Mississippi, who is the subcommittee's
chairman. ''A great deal of insensitivity is being shown. Adopting this
amendment will send a message that I think will result in a change of policy.''

The Farmers Home Administration began life in 1935 as the Resettlement
Administration, which became the Farm Security Administration in 1937, and took
its current name under a new Congressional act in 1946.

Once Before a Target

Only once before, in the years after World War II, when it was accused of aiding
Communism by sponsoring experimental communal farms in several states, has the
lending agency attracted the kind of animosity that is directed at its leaders
now.

Experts date the agency's current problems to the late 1970's, when Congress
approved programs providing farmers with loans to recover from poor weather or
economic emergencies, such as an unexpected crop failure. The agency, which had
prided itself on careful review of the portfolios of farmers most in need, was
suddenly flush. In 1977, the agency lent farmers $2.4 billion. By 1981, it was
lending farmers $8.1 billion.

Agency administrators now acknowledge that the practices became sloppy. Critics
say agency loan decisions were simply unfair. In Maricopa County in Arizona, for
example, it approved a $3.8 million loan to a business executive who was not a
farmer and also approved a $581,000 loan to a person who was serving time in a
Federal prison for bank fraud.

But the supervisor turned down an application for emergency loans submitted by a
profitable farmer, Paul Carroll, whose ranch had been devastated the summer
before by a storm. Mr. Carroll has sued the agency, which does not dispute the
facts in the case. The case will be heard in Phoenix in the fall.

Fears on Collection

In 1982, the emergency loan program under which most of the big loans were made
was discontinued. Nevertheless, thousands of bankrupt farmers have loans of $1
million or more each, and Congressional economists who have studied the books
worry that as much as $12 billion of the $30 billion may never be paid back.

It is those farmers that have become the target for the collection efforts.
''We've got a lot of people out there that are thumbing their noses at us,''
said Mr. Clark. ''These are taxpayer dollars we're talking about, and the
taxpayers expect us to do something about it.''

Still, other authorities point out that the very purpose of the lending agency
has been to provide funds for the most economically pressed farmers.''These are
the poorest of the poor,'' said Senator Tom Harkin, a Democrat of Iowa. ''Trying
to collect from them is like drawing blood from a turnip.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: drawing

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                         September 19, 2007, Wednesday

USDA designates counties disaster areas

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P3

LENGTH: 233 words


According to the United States Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency
in West Virginia, 42 counties in the state have been declared primary natural
disaster areas because of losses caused by continuing drought that began May 15.

Local counties falling under the designation include Kanawha, Putnam, Mason and
Fayette counties.

All counties listed were designated natural disaster areas on Aug. 9, making all
qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for EM loans, provided
eligibility requirements are met.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for the loans to help cover part of their actual losses.

FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into account
the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has a
variety of programs available, in addition to the emergency loan program, to
help eligible farmers recover from adversity.

USDA has also made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance and the
Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program.

Interested farmers can contact their local USDA Service Centers for further
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and
other programs. Additional information is also available online at:
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Yorkville Enquirer (York, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 12, 2007 Thursday

Farmers find relief from freeze

BYLINE: Adam Macinnis, Enquirer-Herald, York, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 683 words


Jul. 12--Arthur Black's family has been growing peaches in York since 1923. In
all those years, he can remember few as poor for business as this year.

A late freeze in April that devastated orchards across the upstate destroyed 100
percent of his peach crop. He's still feeling the effects of that today.

Customers once drawn to buy the fresh tree fruit aren't coming. That, in turn,
affects the sales of other crops such as tomatoes, watermelon and cantaloupe at
his roadside store.

"When you don't have the tree fruit, people don't come here and the rest of the
stuff doesn't sell like it ought to," Black said.

Relief could soon come for farmers like Black.

The United States Department of Agriculture has decided to offer emergency,
low-interest loans to farmers affected by the April freeze, U.S. Rep. John
Spratt, a York native, said in a press release. Some farmers also may be
eligible for direct payments.

"Hopefully this disaster assistance provided by Congress will help lessen the
blow that farmers have experienced this growing season," Spratt said in the
release.

The low-interest emergency loans are available to all eligible farmers in the
5th District. Farmers have eight months from the date of the declaration to
apply for the loans to help them cover part of their losses, according to the
USDA Farm Service Agency in York County. The agency will consider loan
applications individually, taking into account the extent of the losses,
security available and repayment ability.

To be eligible for the direct payments, farmers must have planted or planned to
plant, the crop before Feb. 27, 2007, and have lost 35 percent of their crop.
Only producers with crop insurance or those who signed up for the Non-Insured
Assistance Program are eligible for the direct payment assistance. Payment will
be 50 percent of the established crop insurance price.

Black said he plans to apply for the aid. This kind of support is good for
everybody, even non-farmers, he said.

"What a lot of people don't understand is that the American public is used to
buying cheap food," Black said. "If you don't keep the agricultural sector
afloat then you really hurt the whole nation."

While many farmers have crop insurance, it only does so much, said Andy Rollins,
the upstate fruit and vegetable agent for Clemson Extension Services.

"A lot of people are under the misconception that crop insurance pays for
(farmers') yield and their potential profits, and it never does," he said. "It's
important and we have to have it, but our farms still lose a lot of money. I
don't think most people can fathom the hundreds of thousands of dollars these
farms will lose this year."

Jimmy Bryant of Bryants Peaches in York lost both his peach and plum crops to
the freeze. Like Black, he said business is slower this year.

"Peaches are our main draw," he said, explaining without them the other
vegetable and fruit sales suffer.

Bryant is using his insurance to help cover the loss. He doesn't plan on
applying for a loan or grant.

"I don't see the need of it for me at this point," he said.

Many farmers may be leery of loans.

Rollins said most farmers already depend on loans to operate and the idea of
additional debt doesn't appeal to them.

"There's no farm that's operating on a completely cash basis," he said. "I don't
think the average person understands the amount of stress there is on the
average farm in terms of paying those debts off."

The best way for people to help farmers is to shop at their stands, Rollins
said.

"They're not the prettiest peaches we've had, and we don't have the quantity
we've had in the past," he said. "But we do have some local peaches, and people
need to go buy them."

To see more of the Enquirer-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.carolinanewspapers.com/. Copyright (c) 2007, Enquirer-Herald, York,
S.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070712-YK-Farmers-find-relief-from-freeze-0712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YK


          Copyright 2007 The Yorkville Enquirer (York, South Carolina)


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

BRIEF: Erie disaster designation to aid Crawford, Warren counties

BYLINE: Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 228 words


Nov. 16--The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated Erie County as a
natural disaster area due to excessive rain from May 1 through June 28.

That qualifies Crawford and Warren counties for federal natural disaster
assistance, according to U.S. Rep. Glenn Thompson, R-5th Dist.

Producers in both primary and contiguous counties are eligible to be considered
for Farm Service Agency, emergency loans, and the Supplemental Revenue
Assistance Program.

The Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program was approved as part of the Food,
Conservation and Energy Act of 2008, and was implemented on Jan. 4, 2010.

Food, Conservation and Energy Act officials will consider each emergency loan
application by evaluating the extent of losses, security available and repayment
ability.

Applicants in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the
declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses. Local
Food, Conservation and Energy Act offices can provide affected individuals with
additional information.

For information, contact the Crawford Farm Service Agency, 14699 N. Main St., in
Meadville, at (814) 336-2127, Ext. 2, or the Warren Farm Service Agency, 265
Holiday Inn Road, in Clarion, at (814) 226-8160.

___ (c)2011 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111116-EI-BRF-Erie-disaster-designation-to-aid-Crawford-Warren-counties-1116-2
0111116

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2011 Erie Times-News


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Western Star (Coldwater, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 2, 2011

County Eligible for Emergency Loans

BYLINE: The Western Star staff

LENGTH: 329  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated four counties in Kansas
as primary natural disaster areas due to losses caused by drought, excessive
heat and high winds that began Jan. 1, 2011, and continue.

While Comanche County is not one of the four named counties, Comacnhe County
farmers also qualify since Comanche is listed as one of the "contiguous
counties."

"Kansas producers can continue to count on USDA to provide emergency assistance
during difficult times, "said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.

"America's farmers and rural communities are vitally important to our nation's
economy, producing the food, feed, fiber and fuel that continue to help us grow
and out-compete the rest of the world, the agriculture secretary said.

"President Obama and I are committed to use the resources at our disposal to
reduce the impact of this disaster on Kansas producers and help to get those
affected back on their feet, "he said.

The four counties named are: Kiowa, Marion, McPherson, and Pratt Counties.

Farmers and ranchers in the another 16 contiguous counties in Kansas also
qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous.
They include Comanche, Barber, Ford, Reno, Butler, Dickinson, Harvey, Rice,
Chase, Edwards, Kingman, Saline, Clark, Ellsworth, Morris, and Stafford
Counties.

All counties listed were designated natural disaster areas Aug. 25, making all
qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low interest
emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided eligibility
requirements are met.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses.

FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into account
the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability.

FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help
eligible farmers recover from adversity.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WSS

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2011 The Western Star


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 19, 2011 Friday

USDA: Drought is a disaster

BYLINE: The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 280 words


Aug. 19--T&D Region counties are included among those designated as "primary
natural disaster areas" by the U.S. Department of Agriculture because of the
drought and excessive heat that began April 1.

"South Carolina producers can continue to count on USDA to provide emergency
assistance during difficult times," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said.

The department named 37 South Carolina counties primary natural disaster areas,
including Allendale, Bamberg, Barnwell, Calhoun, Colleton, Dorchester, Lexington
and Orangeburg counties. Farmers in other counties may also qualify for natural
disaster assistance.

All qualified farm operators in the designated areas are eligible for
low-interest emergency loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency. Farmers in
eligible counties have eight months to apply for loans to help cover part of
their actual losses.

FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into account
the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has a
variety of programs in addition to the loan program to help eligible farmers
recover from adversity.

Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures.

Additional information is also available online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

To see more of The Times and Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://thetandd.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg,
S.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110819-GG-USDA-Drought-is-a-disaster-20110819

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2011 The Times and Democrat


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 14, 1999 Friday

LENGTH: 412 words


WASHINGTON (AP) -- Farm state Democrats criticized Republicans on Thursday for
rejecting $5.3 billion in emergency aid for farmers and pledged to continue to
push the issue. Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, and Sen.

Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., tried to get the money included in a supplemental spending
bill being worked out by budget negotiators. But when put to a vote late
Wednesday night, the farm aid proposal, which started as a $4.3 billion deal but
increased as lawmakers added riders, got a 14-14 tie vote. One Republican, Sen.
Conrad Burns, R-Mont., voted with all the Democrats in favor of the package.
Instead, the committee agreed to $566 million for farmers, which includes money
to replenish the shrinking coffers that supply farm loans. The proposal will
still have to get past both floors of Congress. Democrats say the money isn't
nearly enough, particularly when budget planners agreed to $11.6 billion for the
air assault on Yugoslavia and to boost defense spending. President Clinton had
only requested $6 billion. Congress is telling farmers ""you better get down and
paint your tractors in camouflage,'' said Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill. ""What does
it take to get the attention of the Republican leadership around here?'' ""For
them, on defense, the sky is the limit,'' said Dorgan. Republicans said the
agreement helped farmers. ""The Democrats are grandstanding,'' said Sen. Thad
Cochran, R-Miss., chairman of the Agriculture Committee's appropriations panel,
adding that the GOP leaders are open to passing more money later this year if
the administration requests it. ""We gave the administration everything they
asked for and more.'' Selma Sierra, spokeswoman for Rep. Joe Skeen, R-N.M., said
Clinton's request to replenish the farm loan funds was $152 million, so
Republicans increased it fivefold. ""If they think we don't care about farmers,
then Democrats must be heartless,'' Sierra said. Congress last year passed a $6
billion emergency package for farmers as prices plummeted. With low prices
expected to continue much of this year, many lawmakers have pushed for early
emergency funds to ease the pain. The farm money includes the money for loans as
well as $20 million in farmworker aid; $70 million in livestock assistance and
$145 million to help pork producers, who have been suffering from their lowest
prices in 40 years. One more Republican vote ""would have made all the
difference in the world,'' Harkin said. ""We helped everybody but farmers.''

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 4, 2008 Friday

Aid available for drought-stricken Indiana counties

BYLINE: Steve Dick, The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 475 words


Jan. 4--Madison is one of 74 Indiana counties that have been declared primary
disaster areas because of losses caused by extended drought conditions from June
5 to Nov. 7, 2007, according to a press release from the Farm Service Agency of
the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Farmers in the stricken counties will be eligible for low-interest emergency
loans from the USDA.

The availability and price of hay has been the primary concern, according to
Jane Haste, program technician at the USDA office in Anderson. John Orick,
extension educator at the Madison County Extension Office, agreed.

"The drought has really affected livestock producers," said Orick. "It's slowed
down hay production. Hay is scarce, and prices are higher than normal. People
are going long distances to get hay."

But Orick said counties on the eastern side of Indiana have been particularly
hard hit.

"The yields are just awful in that area for everything," said Orick, "which
would include corn and soybeans."

Farmers in the eligible counties have eight months from the time of the
declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses,
according to the press release. Farm Service Agency will consider each loan
application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of losses,
security available and repayment ability.

FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the loans, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity, according to the press release.

"It was a really bad drought," said Orick. He said farmers are hoping that the
winter will recharge the soil with moisture. If that happens, the 2007 drought
shouldn't affect crops in 2008.

------

Seeking USDA loans

According to Jane Haste of the Madison County U.S. Department of Agriculture
office, all Madison County farmers seeking low-interest emergency government
loans for help with drought losses will have to apply at the Grant County
regional USDA office. It can be contacted at (765) 668-8983. The Madison County
office of the USDA can be reached at (765) 644-4249.

Counties affected

Of Indiana's 92 counties, 74 are eligible for low-interest emergency loans due
to drought losses. Local counties included in the disaster declaration:
Delaware, Grant, Hamilton, Hancock, Henry and Tipton.

In addition, counties in Ohio, Illinois, Kentucky and Michigan that are
contiguous with affected Indiana counties are eligible.

The disaster declaration was made Dec. 27.

To see more of The Herald Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theheraldbulletin.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Herald Bulletin,
Anderson, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080104-HU-Aid-available-for-drought-stricken-Indiana-counties-0104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                                 Copyright 2008


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Queensland Country Life

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

Drought Relief Assistance Scheme (DRAS) to assist producers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 292 words


Drought Relief Assistance Scheme (DRAS) to assist producers in drought declared
areas, including subsidies on freight for fodder and water.

DRAS includes:

l Freight subsidies of up to 50 percent for the movement of fodder and water for
livestock in drought declared areas or on properties with an Individual
Droughted Property declaration.

l Emergency water infrastructure rebate, which provides up to 50pc of the cost
of the purchase and installation of water infrastructure for emergency animal
welfare needs. The Federal Government is also providing $7 million to top up
emergency water infrastructure rebate under DRAS by providing a further rebate
of 25pc, up to a maximum of $20,000.

l The maximum amount claimable under DRAS is $20,000 each financial year or
$30,000 on completion of a Drought Management Plan approved by the Local Drought
Committee.

l A freeze on land rent increases for this financial year.

l More than 40 mental health workshops, the first of which began in November in
Charleville.

l The Newman government is also providing additional funding to strengthen the
Rural Financial Counselling Service (RFCS) in the state's south-west.

l Another option for producers is a concessional loan of up to $1 million
through the Farm Finance Concessional Loan Scheme. The Federal Government has
recently announced an additional $20 million in funding for Farm Finance
Concessional loans on top of the current $30 million originally allocated for
2013-14. The loans are administered by QRAA, with a second application round
just opened.

l For information, producers can contact QRAA on

1800 623 946 or call the Department of Agriculture, Fisheries and Forestry on 13
25 23 to discuss their situation and to confirm what assistance is available to
them.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           February 27, 2014 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Drought plan has politics at centre: experts

BYLINE: Joanna Mather, Fleur Anderson and Lucille Keen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 713 words


A $320 million drought assistance package offering farmers low-interest loans is
based on politics, not economics, experts say.

Professor Linda Botterill, a drought policy specialist with the University of
Canberra, said it was too politically risky for Prime Minister Tony Abbott to
refuse to support struggling farmers because Australians have a "deep seated
cultural sympathy" for agriculturalists.

She said the Prime Minister was deliberately using the term "disaster" when
talking about drought in a bid to distance farmers from factory workers as
candidates for government support.

"The government wants to differentiate support for farmers from the support it
is denying other businesses - SPC Ardmona and the car industry," Professor
Botterill said.

The package includes Interim Farm Household Assistance, which will allow family
households with farm assets of up to $2.5 million to apply for a fortnightly
payment equivalent to the Newstart Allowance, which has a base rate of $35 a day
for a single person.

A drought concessional loan scheme will offer up to $280 million in loans to
eligible farmers for debt restructuring, operating expenses and drought recovery
activities. The loans will come with a 4 per cent fixed interest rate over five
years and will be run in co-operation with banks and state-based rural finance
authorities.

There will be extra funding for water-related infrastructure rebates for farmers
in Queensland and NSW and up to $10.7 million to provide social support, such as
mental health services, to farmers. A further $10 million will help manage pests
in drought-affected areas.'They are not multiple-billion dollar organisations'

More than 70 per cent of Queensland and half of NSW are in drought with a dry
autumn forecast.

Mr Abbott defended the package after the government knocked back support for
manufacturers such as SPC Ardmona and Holden.

"This is akin to a natural disaster and state and federal governments have
always stood behind people wherever they are hit by natural disaster," he said.

Associate professor John Spoehr, who is the head of a workplace research centre
at the University of Adelaide, said there was no difference between farmers and
manufacturers.

Both were dealing with "exceptional circumstances", which meant the decision to
support farmers but not manufacturers was a political one, he said.

Henry Ergas, a regulatory economist who has worked at the Organisation for
Economic Co-operation and Development and Australian Trade Practices Commission
(now the ACCC), said farm assistance packages "rewarded" farmers that had not
adequately prepared for tough times.

"While there can be a strong case for easing the human suffering natural
disasters impose, that assistance must not undermine the care farmers take in
preparing for droughts and other adverse shocks." he said. "Unfortunately, to
date, drought assistance has not met that test, with the result that it can do
more harm than good."

Opposition agriculture spokesman Joel Fitzgibbon said Labor would welcome any
extension of the concessional interest-only loan scheme, but said he was still
in favour of emergency relief payments.

The National Farmers' Federation proposal for Newstart-style emergency relief
payments would not be part of the package, Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce
said.

Bank of America Merrill Lynch chief economist Saul Eslake said if farms were
viable under normal conditions, emergency relief was a legitimate use of
taxpayers support.

"But because I am not a climate change denier, some parts of the country that
were viable in the past may not be in the long term because of a shift in
climate," he said.

"I think it would be cruel to give them assistance of that nature."

Mr Eslake said temporary drought assistance should be made on a case-by-case and
area-by-area basis to ensure regions that no longer have viable farming industry
do not become reliant on corporate welfare.

Wool producer Dominic Burden, who owns a sheep property 25 kilometres north west
of Longreach, Queensland, said the federal government's drought assistance
package was "overall great" but now was an opportune time to discuss a long-term
plan for Australian farmers to combat drought.

"We need a national conversation about how to better deal with droughts," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dominic Burden, pictured with Vicki, says long-term plans for drought
need to be discussed. Photo: Peter Scott

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 25, 1997, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

BRIEFS

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 1C, BRIEFS/REGION COLUMN

LENGTH: 394 words



MISSOURI

ST. LOUIS COUNTY

Westfall Targets Building Code Violations St. Louis County Executive George R.
"Buzz" Westfall wants the County Council to give health and building inspectors
the ability to get search warrants to check out reports of code violations.

County Counselor John Ross said Thursday that an ordinance will be introduced
soon to allow the county's municipal judges to issue such warrants in
unincorporated areas. Police would accompany inspectors in the searches;
detailed reasons would have to be provided in advance.

"Right now, an inspector can't get inside a house easily," Ross said. Ross said
he anticipates that the warrants would be sought mainly in situations considered
to be dangerous.

An example, he said, would be a health threat posed by a home repor tedly filled
with trash and a large number of pets. Ross said the Missouri Supreme Court
recently upheld the legality of such administrative search warrants. He said the
city of St. Louis already allows them.

KEARNEY, Mo.

Judge Allows Couple To Raise More Hogs

A judge has given a couple in Kearney, Mo., permission to triple the number of
hogs they raise, a ruling unpopular with neighbors who say the expansion will
harm the environment and property values.

The Clay County Commission sought an injunction barring Harley and Susie Bogue
from increasing production to 5,000 pigs from 1,500 a year on their farm near
this northwest Missouri town.

Clay County Circuit Judge Larry Harman recently ruled in favor of the couple.

Residents near the farm, east of Interstate 35 and north of Kearney, opposed the
expansion. They cited air pollution, devalued properties and environmental harm.


AP

NORTHWEST MISSOURI

Group OKs Emergency Loans For 6 Counties

The Farm Service Agency has approved emergency loans for six northwest Missouri
counties.

The Emergency Physical Loss Loans are to help farmers recover from damages
caused by heavy snowfall, high wind, flooding and freezing between April 5 and
April 13.

The loans were approved after severe weather caused loss to livestock, farms and
machinery in DeKalb, Harrison, Holt, Nodaway, Putnam and Schuyler counties,
where roofs collapsed on more than 80 buildings under the weight of a spring
snowfall. Farmers in contiguous counties may also qualify.

AP

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 22, 2014 Saturday

Washington: 11 Texas counties named Primary Natural Disaster Areas with
assistance to producers in Oklahoma

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: Washington


Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association has issued the following news
release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated 11 counties in Texas as
primary natural disaster areas due to the recent drought. Those counties are
Bosque, Ellis, Erath, Hood, Johnson, Montague, Parker, Somervell, Tarrant and
Wheeler. Farmers and ranchers in the following contiguous counties in Texas also
qualify for natural disaster assistance. Those counties are: Clay,
Collingsworth, Comanche, Cooke, Coryell, Dallas, Denton, Donley, Eastland, Gray,
Hamilton, Henderson, Hill, Jack, Kaufman, Lipscomb, McLennan, Navarro, Palo
Pinto, Roberts and Wise.

Farmers and ranchers in the following contiguous counties in Oklahoma also
qualify for natural disaster assistance. Those counties are Beckham, Ellis,
Jefferson, Love and Roger Mills.
All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas on March 19,
2014, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own
merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity.
Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs.

For further information please visit: http://tscra.org

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 19, 1982, Friday, Final Edition

Farm-State Democrats Assail Reagan Policies, Urge Rescue Measures

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A4

LENGTH: 613 words


House and Senate farm-state Democrats, in a bitter assault on Reagan
administration farm policies, urged the president and Congress yesterday to
rescue agriculture from what they called a slide into economic depression.

A dozen senators, led by Walter D. Huddleston of Kentucky, the ranking Democrat
on the Agriculture Committee, introduced a resolution urging the administration
to take "emergency action" to stabilize the farm economy.

On the House side, another dozen members announced formation of a Farm Crisis
Group, headed by Reps. Thomas A. Daschle (D-S.D.) and Kent Hance (D-Tex.), which
is drafting emergency legislation aimed at propping up farm prices and easing
agricultural credit problems.

The farm-state legislators' push for relief coincides with other pressures on
the administration and Congress to provide help to the beleaguered housing and
savings-and-loan industries, among others.

As the Democrats were taking out after his farm policies, Agriculture Secretary
John R. Block, speaking at a luncheon observance of Agriculture Day, conceded
that farmers are in trouble. But he defended his program and urged that the
administration's economic policies be given time to work.

That line didn't play well on Capitol Hill, however.

"If the administration continues to sit on its hands and recite its unfulfilled
promise that relief is just around the corner, legislative action will clearly
be in order. Hooverisms are not enough," Huddleston said.

The resolution he and other Democrats introduced yesterday urges President
Reagan and Secretary Block to use existing authority to deal with a sagging farm
economy that is buffeted by high interest and inflation and the lowest net
income since the Depression era of the 1930s, while production booms.

They want payments to farmers who reduce their planting, higher price support
loans for grains, a more aggressive export program, deferral of federal loan
repayments and a moratorium on foreclosures, and an economic emergency loan
program.

"These actions we are proposing will provide immediate, although temporary,
relief to American farmers until such time as our overall national economy
begins to return to health," Huddleston said at a heavily attended news
conference.

The critical Democrats in the House said patience has worn thin, and frustration
on the farm is thick enough to cut with a knife. "Agriculture is in a
depression, not a recession or a temporary downswing, but a downright bona fide
depression," Daschle said.

"It's a full-scale depression," he added. "We are planning legislation out of
exasperation that there is no action by the administration . . . .We are
frustrated that our bipartisan request for a meeting with the president has been
turned down four times by the White House."

The Daschle-Hance group, with tacit approval from Rep. E (Kika) de la Garza
(D-Tex.), chairman of the Agriculture Committee, plans to begin drafting farm
support legislation next week, Daschle said. He indicated that Republicans will
join in their effort.

The latest rejection of a bid by more than 40 farm-state Republicans and
Democrats to meet with Reagan came last week from Michael K. Deaver, deputy
chief of staff. He wrote Rep. Byron L. Dorgan (D-N.D.) that Reagan was unable to
schedule the meeting they have sought repeatedly since January.

"I can't imagine why he won't meet with us to hear our concern about the farm
situation," Daschle said. "Since we asked for the meeting, he's had the National
Hockey League all-stars and the Clemson University football team in for visits.
If he has time for Clemson football, 42 congressmen should merit some kind of
attention."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                            September 9, 2011 Friday

Six counties in Mississippi included in USDA disaster declaration

BYLINE: MBJ Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 246  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated the entire State of Arkansas,
which includes 75 counties, as a primary natural disaster area due to losses
caused by the combined effects of hail, high winds, flooding, widespread drought
and excessive heat that began April 1 and continues.

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties of Mississippi also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous: Bolivar;
Coahoma; DeSoto; Issaquena; Tunica; and, Washington.

All counties lwere designated natural disaster areas Sept. 7, making all
qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low-interest
emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided eligibility
requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the
date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual
losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into
account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has
a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

USDA also has made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program (SURE), which was approved
as part of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008; the Emergency
Conservation Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             August 12, 2005 Friday

Farmers tell Durbin of plight;
Seantor says Congress will discuss disaster aid

BYLINE: Chris Anderson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 614 words


McLEAN -- Jack Holland and several of his fellow farmers told Sen. Dick Durbin,
D-Ill., Thursday they will need federal disaster payments to supplement their
income in light of a drought on par -- if not worse -- than the severe
conditions of 1988.

Durbin got the message loud and clear. Saying he didn't want to "overpromise"
assistance, Durbin said emergency disaster payments would not be unprecedented.

"We have had a lot of discussion about this in Washington. I wanted to hear from
you and see the situation firsthand," said Durbin, speaking to a machine shed
full of McLean County farmers on one of Holland's farms. "When we return to work
Sept. 6, we will see if there is enough impact around the country. The situation
in Illinois is so bad from top to bottom."

According to the Illinois Agricultural Statistics Service, 61 percent of the
state's corn is poor to very poor. About 41 percent of soybeans share the same
ranking.

Illinois farmers received emergency disaster payments in 1988 following one of
the worst Midwest droughts on record. Phil Nelson, Illinois Farm Bureau
president, noted a 2003-2004 disaster program already exists and won't expire
until September.

"You could use that program as a template or extend the program. Then you could
pass a supplemental appropriation," Nelson suggested.

Durbin said extension of the existing disaster program would not require as much
congressional time and action as implementing a completely new program. The
existing program pays farmers who document a 35 percent or higher yield loss.
Payments equal about 65 percent of the average 2004 crop prices.

Last month, all but one Illinois county was declared a federal agricultural
disaster area. The designation allows farmers to get low-interest loans.
Conservation Reserve Program acreage, removed from cropland for conservation
purposes, also was released for haying and grazing.

But Holland, who farms east of McLean, and several neighbors told Durbin those
forms of assistance don't do much to make up a severe income deficit.
Eligibility for some loans requires farmers to first be refused help by any
bank.

Landowners with CRP acreage are reluctant to spend money to harvest a poor
quality grass crop and lose 25 percent of their annual CRP rental payment as a
result.

Bill Graff, Illinois Farm Service Agency director, said FSA will offer emergency
low-interest loans at 3.75 percent over seven years to farmers who can prove a
30 percent loss for a single crop.

"I've been farming 30 years. In 1988, I got crop insurance payments and disaster
payments. That kept me farming," said Brad Necessary of McLean.

Nelson noted that the combination of insurance and disaster payments in 1988 was
not enough to make up for significant income losses. He added this year's crop
ranks among the most expensive ever planted. Petroleum price increases that
affect fuel and fertilizer costs for farmers caused a 35 percent to 40 percent
increase in crop costs this year, he said.

About 69 percent of the state's corn acreage and 65 percent of soybean acreage
is insured. Holland said he's not insured. In 30 years of farming, he said crop
insurance probably would have only paid once -- in 1988.

"Our costs were already up, and we've put anywhere from $12 to $19 per acre in
it (to prevent heavy yield losses due to insect feeding)," said Holland. "I had
220-bushel corn last year. If I get 100 bushels this year, I'll be tickled.

"I'm not looking for a handout, but it seems the government does so much for
other countries that you think it would do something for people who feed the
world. The whole business of farming is about looking ahead and staying in for
the long term."

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jack Holland, left, showed Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., how drought has
damaged his corn corp. Durbin toured Holland's McLean farm Thursday afternoon to
get a firsthand look at the situation.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 4, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

Maryland Plans Tough Curbs on Water Use; For Local Farmers, Parched Conditions
Wilting a Livelihood

Dan Eggen; Jessie Mangaliman, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1166 words


The 130 or so dairy cows that marched through the Williams brothers' milking
barn yesterday afternoon were thinner and slower than usual. The worst drought
in more than half a century was taking its toll.

The yearlong dry spell means that each cow gives 10 fewer pounds of milk a day,
amounting to $ 5,000 less each month for the 70-year-old Loudoun County farm. A
few have even died unexpectedly, apparent victims of the heat.

The dangerous lack of rainfall also has slashed the amount of hay available for
farm animals in Loudoun and throughout the mid-Atlantic, making it even more
expensive to keep a herd alive. Corn, soybeans and other crops wither while farm
wells are drying up.

If it keeps up much longer, the Williams brothers and other farmers say, they
may just have to sell everything and walk away. Some already have.

"The feeding costs haven't gone down," said Donald Williams, 55, chewing on a
cigar as he thrust a mechanical milker onto one of his cows. "The labor costs
haven't gone down. That money's got to come from somewhere, and that means our
pockets. It takes a real bite after a while."

As most Washington residents and suburbanites fret about their dry lawns and
dirty cars, those in the countryside whose livelihoods depend on moist, fertile
land are beginning to wonder whether they will make it through the year.

Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman has declared West Virginia and all bordering
counties in Maryland and Virginia disaster areas because of the prolonged heat
and drought. Yesterday, Virginia Gov. James S. Gilmore III (R) asked federal
agriculture officials to designate three more Virginia counties -- Warren,
Louisa and Montgomery -- as disaster areas, following a similar request Monday
by Maryland Gov. Parris N. Glendening (D) to add 14 counties to that state's
disaster list.

"The drought is laying a heavy hand on the state," said Roy Seward, spokesman
for the Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services.

Apples, corn, hay, peaches, soybeans, wheat and pine trees were among the
hardest hit crops in Virginia. If dry weather persists, farmers statewide face
an estimated $ 343.7 million in crop losses, according to USDA spokesman Matt
Kilbourne.

In Maryland, more than half of the crops are lost already, and farmers in
Frederick County are reporting losses of as much as 90 percent. In Southern
Maryland, the drought has taken its toll on corn and soybeans -- the main crops
in the region -- but it also has caused tobacco plants to wilt in the heat.

Tobacco plants weather droughts well, and rebound when rains finally come. But a
continuing dry spell is likely to affect the quality of leaves, meaning poor
prices at the market.

"I have some plants that are scorched, and those are a loss," said Betty
Russell, who farms 200 acres of vegetables, tobacco, corn and rye in Clements in
St. Mary's County.

Russell irrigated part of her 22 acres of tobacco fields with water from a pond.
But the ponds, too, are drying up, farmers said.

Maryland's Emergency Board met yesterday to finalize inclusion of the entire
state in the drought disaster area, said Connie Byler-Hsu, program specialist
for the U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency's Maryland office in
Columbia. Byler-Hsu said the declaration will make available emergency loans to
farmers across the state affected by the drought.

But, she said, "there is help for farmers who are hurting now, without the
disaster declaration," such as other types of loans and federal farm subsidies.

In Virginia, agricultural extension agents and USDA workers are preparing damage
assessments for 21 counties and hope to have some completed as early as this
week. Don Davis, executive director of Virginia's USDA Farm Service Agency, said
Shenandoah, Page and Rockingham counties are among the hardest hit statewide.

"It's the most severe disaster we've ever had in that area of Virginia," Davis
said. "We have pastures where you could strike a match and it would burn."

Still, despite the damage being done, many farmers in the region don't plan to
apply for the emergency, low-interest loans offered by the federal government as
part of its disaster relief effort. Most are jittery at forecasts of continued
dry conditions through next year, worrying that taking on more debt now -- even
at low rates -- will only spell more trouble in the end.

"Why do that? You're just going in the hole," said Moke Anderson, 66, who has
been a farmer in Loudoun for most of his adult life. "If it's dry next year,
then what? Before long, you're losing the farm and the house and everything
else. That's not a real solution."

For Anderson and many others, the solution may be to sell their herds in order
to cut their losses.

At Wheatland Farms, where Anderson works, the land yielded half as much hay as
usual, and the relentlessly dry summer means no later cutting in most places. At
the same time, Anderson and others are feeding more hay than usual to their
cattle because they can't graze in parched pastures. The vicious cycle will come
to a head this fall and winter.

"We're probably going to have to sell the cows," said Al Burgess, 59, who
manages Wheatland. "Otherwise we'll run out of feed, if we don't run out of
water first."

In Chaptico in St. Mary's County, farmer Luther Wolfe is losing 300 acres of
corn and 300 acres of soybeans to the lack of rain.

Wolfe said the disaster declaration is likely to help many farmers, but he
doesn't plan to apply for low-interest emergency loans. "It's made me as
contrary as can be," Wolfe joked. "That's what my wife says."

But Mike Russell, who farms 800 acres in Clements, said he plans to take
advantage of the emergency loans, and hopes for emergency farm subsidies as
well. Russell said he's losing 60 percent of his corn and soybean crops to
drought. He did manage to salvage his 40 acres of tobacco with irrigation water
from his ponds.

"Running any business is stressful, and when you have to depend on weather, it's
even more stressful," said Russell, who has been farming for 22 years. "I'm
relying on past years' savings to stay in business. Without farm subsidies, I'd
be out of business."

The drought could have an additional impact in Loudoun, a rapidly developing
fringe suburb that ranks as one of the fastest-growing areas in the country.
Many say the extended dry spell only increases the pressure on farmers to sell
their land for subdivisions. The four Williams brothers, for example, may soon
make way for a wave of tract mansions encroaching on the north side of their
land.

"For traditional farms, for corn and cattle guys, this is an extremely serious
situation," said Warren Howell, a Loudoun haymaker who has already sold out his
entire year's stock.

"This is going to be the straw that breaks a lot of families' backs," Howell
said. "They just can't make a living anymore."



Staff writer Maria Glod contributed to this report.




LOAD-DATE: August 04, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Daily Examiner (Grafton, New South Wales)

                              July 7, 2014 Monday

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 582  words


THERE is no question the farming communities of rural and regional NSW are
resilient and stoic in the face of adverse conditions - be they seasonal or
market driven.

However, the devastating seasonal conditions of the past two years have
stretched that resilience and stoicism to its limits in some regions.

I have visited much of drought-stricken NSW, including some parts where farmers
are experiencing the longest period of rainfall deficiency on record.

The NSW Liberals and Nationals government has allocated more than $30 million to
temporary emergency assistance measures since November 2013 to support our
drought-affected primary producers and regional communities.

For the first time, these emergency assistance measures included a waiver of
Local Land Services rates, from January 1 to June 30, 2014.

Unfortunately, due to the increased demand on the emergency drought support
package, this waiver was reduced from 12 months to six months to ensure more
targeted relief measures could be delivered to those farmers in greatest need.

Another issue we faced was that a number of primary producers outlaid capital to
install crucial water infrastructure, but did not lodge an application prior to
the popular $21 million Emergency Water Infrastructure Rebate becoming fully
subscribed.

To address this problem, the NSW Government has committed further money to fund
its contribution to the program for all applications received prior to July 4,
2014, for work completed on or before June 30, 2014.

On July 1 this year the new national drought program commenced, which sees the
NSW Government's role shift towards helping primary producers prepare for
drought and administering a number of Commonwealth Government assistance
measures.

The NSW Government's temporary emergency assistance measures concluded on June
30, 2014, ahead of the commencement of the new national drought program.

Looking to the future, we have allocated more funding to the Rural Support
Worker program and the Farm Innovation Fund, which provides primary producers
with long-term loans at concessional interest rates for on-farm drought
preparedness activities.

The NSW Liberals and Nationals Government has boosted staff numbers at the Rural
Assistance Authority, to ensure timely administration of the large amount of
applications received for emergency assistance measures.

The RAA and Local Land Services administer a number of Australian Government
programs, including the $100 million Drought Concessional Loans Scheme, the Farm
Finance Concessional Loans Scheme and pest management programs.

The NSW Department of Primary Industries continually invests in and facilitates
the latest research and development into programs which support drought
preparedness.

The NSW Government also produces the monthly Seasonal Conditions Report - a
valuable resource to assist primary producers to manage seasonal conditions.

I recognise that these measures only go so far in helping those primary
producers deal with drought.

The NSW Government has established the independent and expert Regional
Assistance Advisory Committee, which will continue to provide ongoing advice and
recommendations on seasonal conditions and support programs.

For information go to www.lls.nsw.gov.au; the RAA, www.raa.nsw.gov.au; and the
DPI, which also has plenty of practical information,
www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/emergency/drought.

Katrina Hodgkinson MP

Minister for Primary Industries

Assistant Minister for Tourism and Major Events

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDE


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

USDA designates Bowman County, neighboring counties as disaster area

BYLINE: The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 310 words


Sept. 23--WASHINGTON -- Bowman County was designated Friday by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture as a primary natural disaster area due to losses
caused by a recent drought.

Farmers and ranchers in Bowman County--as well as in neighboring Adams and Slope
counties in North Dakota, Fallon County in Montana, and Harding County in South
Dakota--qualify for natural disaster assistance.

"Our hearts go out to those North Dakota farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Tom Vilsack, the U.S. Agriculture Secretary, stated in
a release.

The counties were designated natural disaster areas on Sept. 15, qualifying all
farm operators there as eligible for low-interest emergency loans from USDA's
Farm Service Agency, provided eligibility requirements are met.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider
each loan application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of
losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs,
in addition to the emergency loan program, to help eligible farmers recover from
adversity.

"President Obama and I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a
bright spot in our nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's
farmers, ranchers and rural communities through these difficult times," Vilsack
said in the statement. "We're also telling North Dakota producers that USDA
stands with you and your communities when severe weather and natural disasters
threaten to disrupt your livelihood."

Additional information is also available online at "
target="_blank">disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

___ (c)2016 the Dickinson Press (Dickinson, N.D.) Visit the Dickinson Press
(Dickinson, N.D.) at www.thedickinsonpress.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160923-QX-USDA-designates-Bowman-County-neighboring-counties-as-disaster-area-
0923-20160923

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2016 The Dickinson Press


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: USDA Designates Eagle County in Colorado as a Primary Natural Disaster
Area

LENGTH: 344  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated Eagle County in Colorado as a
primary natural disaster area due to losses caused by the recent drought.


"Our hearts go out to those Colorado farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Colorado
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Colorado also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Garfield

Lake

Routt

Grand
Pitkin

Summit


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Aug. 28, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Mint, New Delhi

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Banks asked to roll out new farm loan products

BYLINE: Dinesh Unnikrishnan, Mint, New Delhi

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 807 words


April 12--The finance ministry has asked public sector banks to devise products
for Indian farmers to ensure they get adequate funding in emergencies.

The government, the majority owner of such banks, wants them to roll out
products such as emergency loans to farmers that will be linked to savings
accounts, a weather index-based insurance product, and set up a credit guarantee
fund that will aid farmers in the event of crop losses during droughts or
natural calamities.

These products are intended to mitigate the risks faced by farmers, especially
when hit by uncertainties.

The ministry will meet the top brass of at least six large state-run lenders,
including State Bank of India (SBI), Canara Bank, Punjab National Bank and Bank
of Baroda, besides Life Insurance Corporation of India this week, to give the
final touches to the scheme, senior bankers said.

Traditionally, government-sponsored schemes through commercial banks and
regional rural banks (RRBs) have been the major source of funding for farmers.
Banks primarily lend to such borrowers under the so-called priority sector
lending. Under this, banks need to allocate 40% of their loans to agriculture,
exports and other weaker sections.

Recently, a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) committee under former Union Bank
chairman M.V. Nair had proposed that half of all agricultural credit should go
to small and marginal farmers.

The discussion with bankers will be based on a report prepared by the National
Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) and RBI's College of
Agricultural Banking. Nabard officials were not immediately available for
comment.

Nabard and the RBI wing reviewed the existing credit delivery mechanism to
farmers and suggested ways to improve the credit cover.

Once finalized, these products will be rolled out on a pilot basis by one of the
state-run banks in the next few months, said the chief of one of the banks
attending the meeting. He did not want to be named.

"The report has reviewed the lending to agriculture to seasonal operations and
has asked the banks to sit together and devise products that will meet the
additional requirements of the farmers," the banker said. In fiscal 2009, the
government waived loans worth '76,000 crore given to farmers who found it
difficult to repay bank money.

As of 24 February, banks had lent '4.7 trillion to agriculture and allied
activities, against '4.38 trillion in February 2011. This is 11.3% of the gross
credit in the banking system.

The report has proposed the emergency loan, the weather index-based insurance
product and the credit guarantee fund. The final contours of these products are
yet to be determined.

Currently, Nabard is the nodal agency of the government for rolling out
agricultural credit to farmers. With a view to scaling up the credit flow to the
sector, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee proposed to raise the target for
agricultural credit in 2012-13 by '1 trillion to '5.75 trillion in the Union
budget.

The budget also proposed to continue the interest subvention scheme to farmers
at 7% interest per year and an additional subvention of 3% to reward farmers who
repay loans promptly. The interest rate subvention is also available on
post-harvest loans of up to six months against negotiable warehouse receipts to
encourage farmers to keep their produce in warehouses.

The government has also proposed to set up a short-term RRB Credit Refinance
Fund to enhance the capacity of RRBs that give short-term crop loans to small
and marginal farmers. Besides, it is also modifying the Kisan Credit Card Scheme
to convert such cards into smart cards that can be used at ATMs.

Rising exposure to the agriculture sector could pose higher risk to the banking
sector as the chances of defaults are higher from such loans, analysts said.
According to Vaibhav Agrawal, vice-president (research) at Angel Broking Ltd,
60% of the total bad loans at public sector banks are priority sector related.
According to him, the country's largest lender, SBI, has seen around 9.5% of its
total agriculture loans turning bad.

"Exposure to (the) farm sector has always been an area of concern for PSBs
(public sector banks). While the government wants PSBs to directly lend to the
farming sector, that kind of lending will always have risks. This is already
visible with some of the banks like SBI," Agrawal said.

The proposed schemes are unlikely to add pressure to the asset quality of
state-run banks, said Naresh Makhijani, partner (finance) at KPMG.

"If it is for small farmers, bad assets are unlikely to be a major issue as the
poor have a better track record of prompt repayment," he said. "The only concern
is whether banks have the right mechanism to reach out to the right people."

___ (c)2012 the Mint (New Delhi) Visit the Mint (New Delhi) at www.livemint.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120412-1MI-Banks-asked-to-roll-out-new-farm-loan
-products-0412-20120412

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MI


                         Copyright 2012 Mint, New Delhi


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 23, 2012 Thursday

Pettis, other counties get an agriculture disaster designation in aftermath of
August storms

BYLINE: Dennis Rich, The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 622 words


Feb. 23--Farmers in Pettis and surrounding counties are now eligible for
financial assistance through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service
Agency for losses sustained during a series of storms last August.

According to the Pettis County FSA office, the U.S. Secretary of Agriculture
designated seven Missouri counties -- Pettis, Atchison, Gentry, Lafayette,
Nodaway and Platte -- as primary agricultural natural disaster areas due to
damages and losses caused by severe storms with hail and high winds that
occurred from Aug. 18-22. The same storm system forced the temporary closure of
the Missouri State Fair last year.

Steve Lair, a farm loan manager with the Pettis County FSA office, told the
Democrat on Wednesday the designation, which allows for low-interest loans and
some other assistance, is available to farmers with uninsured losses or whose
losses last year have made it difficult to secure credit to finance the current
season.

"The damage in Pettis County was not very widespread and was centered mostly in
western Pettis near La Monte and Dresden, and some additional damage in the
Green Ridge area," Lair said. "Anyone with a related loss may apply."

Pettis County Western Commissioner Larry Wilson, who maintains a farming
operation in Pettis County, said he was not aware of people who had suffered
serious losses due to the storms.

"We had some wind damage and it laid my corn down, but it wasn't so bad I
couldn't still combine it," Wilson said. "I don't think it affected too many
people."

According to an FSA press release announcing the designation, 17 counties --
Benton, Buchanan, Carroll, Clay, Clinton, Cooper, Daviess, DeKalb, Harrison,
Henry, Holt,Jackson, Johnson, Morgan, Ray, Saline and Worth   -- also were
designated as contiguous natural disaster areas. Producers in contiguous
counties may also be eligible for programs based on this designation.

All counties listed were designated natural disaster areas on Dec. 8, making all
qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low-interest
emergency loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency, provided eligibility
requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the
date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual
losses.

According to the release, loan applications will be approved on a case-by-case
basis, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability.

Loans for physical losses must be used to replace or repair damage to buildings,
fences or to compensate the farmer for losses of basic livestock, stored crops
or supplies on hand, equipment, etc., that was lost due to the disaster. Loans
for production losses also may be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer, livestock
or to make payments on real estate or chattel debts. Generally, loans for
production losses cannot be approved until crops have completed their production
cycle or have been harvested.

In order to qualify, a farmer must have suffered a 30 percent loss in production
or an actual physical loss that was essential to the successful operation of the
farm.

USDA also has made a variety of other programs available to assist farmers in
recovering from the disaster, including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance
Program, which was approved as part of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of
2008; the Emergency Conservation Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the
Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program.

Interested farmers may contact the Pettis County FSA office at 826-3339, ext.
108, or online at fsa.usda.gov.

___ (c)2012 The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Mo.) Visit The Sedalia Democrat
(Sedalia, Mo.) at www.sedaliademocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120223-SX-Pettis-other-counties-get-an-agriculture-disaster-designation-in-aft
ermath-of-August-storms-0223-20120223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2012 The Sedalia Democrat


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             June 3, 2004 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Tornado notebook

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 930 words


'A MINISTRY OF PRESENCE'

They wear white shirts with patches on each sleeve.

The patch on the right sleeve signifies the Lincoln Police Department.

The patch on the left sleeve is for Lincoln firefighters.

Wearing these shirts, members of the Lincoln Police and Fire Chaplaincy Corps
walk with American Red Cross mental health workers in Hallam.

They hand out food, water, Gatorade. They listen. If anyone wants to, they pray.

"It's really whatever people want," said Andrew Wasmundt, the corps senior
chaplain and pastor of the United Pentecostal Church.

This is the first large disaster that the corps, which has been around since
1978, has responded to, he said.

They're used to responding to disasters affecting fewer people.

One of its 28 volunteers is on duty all the time, and police officers and
firefighters can call if a chaplain is needed.

Sometimes they go with officers who must notify a family that a loved one has
been killed.

Sometimes they help people whose houses burned.

And during the past week or so, they've done their best to help people whose
houses blew away.

Said Wasmundt of the corps: "We're a ministry of presence."

- By Leah Thorsen

JOHANNS ASKS FEMA TO INCLUDE MORE COUNTIES

Gov. Mike Johanns on Wednesday asked the Federal Emergency Management Agency to
name 25 Nebraska counties as disaster areas because of damage caused by severe
storms, tornadoes and flooding.

Four counties - Gage, Lancaster, Saline and Cass - were declared disasters by
FEMA last week, allowing federal assistance to be provided to residents affected
by storms there.

Johanns is asking for assistance for public property in the counties of Adams,
Blaine, Boone, Clay, Cuming, Dodge, Jefferson, Thayer, Washington, Webster and
York.

If granted, FEMA would reimburse local governments 75 percent of the costs for
debris removal, emergency services related to the disaster and repairing or
replacing damaged public facilities.

Johanns also is seeking assistance for individuals in the counties of Adams,
Clay, Douglas, Thayer, Buffalo, Butler, Dodge, Fillmore, Franklin, Hall,
Hamilton, Jefferson, Johnson, Kearney, Nuckolls, Otoe, Pawnee, Sarpy, Saunders,
Seward, Washington, Webster and York.

Individual assistance by FEMA includes grants and low-interest loans to help
with such things as home repairs and paying for temporary housing.

Both public and private assistance was given last week to the four counties hit
by tornadoes.

SEND FOUND STUFF TO HALLAM POST OFFICE: People who find items from Hallam,
Clatonia, Firth and other areas damaged by the tornadoes can mail them to a
Hallam post office box, and residents can go through the items to try to locate
things they've lost.

Items that have personal worth, such as photos, should be sent to the address,
said Lancaster County Sheriff Terry Wagner. Items still can be dropped off at
the sheriff's office at 575 S. 10th St., but Wagner said he would prefer people
mail items to the Village of Hallam, P.O. Box 81, Hallam, NE 68368.

NEW DEADLINE FOR FOODSTAMP ASSISTANCE: The federal United States Department of
Agriculture has approved Nebraska's request to extend the application period for
Disaster Food Stamps through Friday. The emergency program was expected to end
Tuesday.

People from Cass, Gage, Lancaster and Saline counties who were directly affected
by tornadoes or flooding, or lost wages because they were unable to get to work
or their employer temporarily closed because of the disaster, may qualify for a
month's worth of benefits.

As of Tuesday, 91 households had been approved for Disaster Food Stamp
Assistance.

For more information about Disaster Food Stamp Assistance, contact the Office of
Economic and Family Support at (402) 416-5421 or (402)471-9325.

USDA MAKES LOANS AVAILABLE TO FARMERS: Some Nebraska farmers can get emergency
loans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to help recover from storm damage,
the executive director of the state's Farm Services Agency said Tuesday.

Brian Wolford said farmers in Lancaster, Cass, Gage, Saline, Butler, Jefferson,
Johnson, Otoe, Pawnee, Sarpy, Saunders, Seward, Thayer and York counties can
apply for the relief.

The most that can be borrowed is $500,000. The current interest rate on the
emergency loans is 3.75 percent. The money can be used to replace or repair farm
equipment, livestock or buildings that were damaged during the storms.

A FSA said farmers have until Jan. 25, 2005, to submit loan applications.

CLAY COUNTY DAMAGE NEARS $10 MILLION: Damage in Clay County from the May 22
tornadoes is approaching the $10 million mark as assessment and cleanup efforts
continue there, according to the county emergency manager.

Clay County Emergency Manager Bob Rose said damage assessment continues in such
areas as farm crop loss and the value of a train derailed.

The county also is awaiting word on whether it will be declared a disaster area,
he said.

Lancaster, Gage, Cass and Saline counties already have been declared federal
disaster areas.

WANTED: TORNADO STORIES, PHOTOS: When tornadoes struck Southeast Nebraska late
May 22, how did you survive the storms? What did you see in the aftermath? How
are you recovering?

We want to share your tornado stories -in your words - with our readers. And
we'd like to see photos you took the night of the tornadoes and during the days
that followed.

Send your stories and photos to citydesk@journalstar.com, or Tornado Stories,
Journal Star City Desk, 926 P St., Lincoln, NE 68508. Be sure to include your
name and phone number.

Questions? Call the Journal Star city desk at 473-7306.

We'll publish edited excerpts in a future edition.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Eagle (Bryan, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 14, 2007 Friday

Flood help is available

BYLINE: Janet Phelps, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 326 words


Sep. 14--Help is available for Brazos Valley residents and local governments
whose property was damaged by early summer heavy rains and flooding, government
officials said.

President Bush announced last week that 44 Texas counties, including Brazos,
Burleson, Grimes, Leon, Madison, Milam and Robertson, qualify for federal
disaster relief from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Federal
Emergency Management Agency.

Farmers and other residents of Milam County are eligible to apply for individual
assistance from FEMA, which can include grants for temporary housing and home
repairs as well as loans, according to government documents.

Government-funded agencies can apply to FEMA for public assistance in Madison
and Milam counties, documents state.

To access applications for assistance from FEMA, visit the agency's Web site, at
www.fema.gov.

Aid from the Department of Agriculture is also available to farmers and small
businesses in the form of low-interest loans in Brazos, Burleson, Grimes, Leon,
Madison, Milam and Robertson counties.

Loans are available for as much as $500,000 at 3.75 percent interest, local Farm
Loan Manager Nathan Philipello said. No eligible resident has applied for aid,
he said.

The loans are fairly easy to obtain, he said, but most farmers and ranchers have
damage that is covered by private insurance or that exceeds the loan limit.

To apply for help from the Department of Agriculture, contact Philipello at the
Robertson County Farm Service Agency at 828-3338.

--Janet Phelps' e-mail address is janet.phelps@theeagle.com

To see more of The Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theeagle.com/. Copyright (c) 2007, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070914-EG-Flood-help-is-available-0914

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EG


                            Copyright 2007 The Eagle


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

USDA offers disaster assistance

BYLINE: JESSICA HOLDMAN Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 204 words


As a result of last year's cooler temps, wet spring , hail and other weather
conditions, 44 of 53 North Dakota counties are eligible for natural disaster
assistance.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture declared the following counties primary
natural disaster areas:

Adams

Emmons

McLean

Renville

Billings

Golden Valley

Mountrail

Stark

Bottineau

Grand Forks

Nelson

Traill

Burke

Hettinger

Oliver

Walsh

Burleigh

McHenry

Pembina

Ward

Divide

McKenzie

Ramsey

Williams

Dunn

 Nearby counties also qualify for assistance:

Benson

Grant

Mercer

Sioux

Bowman

Griggs

Morton

Slope

Cass

Kidder

Pierce

Steele

Cavalier

Logan

Rolette

Towner

Eddy

McIntosh

Sheridan

Farms in the affected counties can apply for low-interest emergency loans from
USDA's Farm Service Agency, provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers
have eight months from now to apply for loans to help cover part of their
losses.

Additional assistance programs include the Emergency Conservation Program, The
Livestock Forage Disaster Program, the Livestock Indemnity Program, the
Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees and Farm-Raised Fish Program and
the Tree Assistance Program.

More information is available at disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

(Reach Jessica Holdman at 701-250-8261 or jessica.holdman@bismarcktribune.com)

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             June 28, 2011 Tuesday

Counties declared in need of drought relief;
Farmers will be eligible to apply for emergency loans and other benefits

SECTION: Pg. C-3

LENGTH: 218 words


BRUNSWICK, GA. U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack has determined that 22
Georgia counties have suffered production losses due to drought great enough to
qualify for a natural disaster designation.

Vilsack made the designation in response to a request from Gov. Nathan Deal.

"I am grateful for Secretary Vilsack's quick response to my request," Deal said.
"With this designation, farmers and their businesses will qualify for
much-needed federal relief. It is my hope that this aid will relieve some of the
burden this drought has caused."

Farmers in those counties will be eligible to apply for emergency loans and
other benefits under the Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008.

Among the counties in Southeast Georgia are Appling, Atkinson, Bacon, Ben Hill,
Brantley, Brooks, Coffee, Jeff Davis, Lanier, Lowndes, Pierce and Wayne.

Vilsack also named 26 contiguous counties that qualify for benefits under the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act.

Among the contiguous counties are Camden, Charlton, Clinch, Glynn, Liberty,
Long, McIntosh and Ware.

Like those in primary disaster counties, farmers in the contiguous disaster
counties may apply for assistance including Farm Service Agency emergency loans
and the revenue assistance programs. Farmers in the eligible counties have eight
months to apply.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Florida Times-Union


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 30, 2010 Thursday

Tri-county farmers eligible for emergency loans

BYLINE: Andrea VanValkenburg, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 637 words


Dec. 30--PLATTSBURGH -- Tri-county farmers who suffered losses during the late
September and early October downpours may be able to quality for low-interest
emergency loans.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture designated Franklin, Cortland and Green
counties as primary natural-disaster areas due to the extensive rain and
flooding between Sept. 30 and Oct. 4.

DISASTER AREAS

Seventeen other counties -- including Clinton and Essex -- can also qualify for
disaster assistance because those areas border the three primary-disaster
counties.

The counties were designated as disaster areas Dec. 17, meaning all qualified
farm operators in those regions have eight months from that date to apply for
loans to help cover part of their losses.

The loans are being offered by the Agriculture Department's Farm Service Agency.

Officials say the heavy rains caused severe damage to certain crops and that the
loans can help those who suffered significant production losses.

Loan applications will be considered individually, taking into account the
extent of losses, security available and repayment abilities, officials said.

WIND STORMS

Clinton and Essex counties have also been declared eligible for disaster loans
for any losses incurred during the wind and snow storms that rocked the region
between Dec. 1 and 5.

Officials said farmers affected in that storm may be eligible for
production-loss loans of up to 100 percent of their actual losses or the
operating-loan amount needed to continue in business or a maximum principal
balance outstanding of $500,000, whichever is less.

Farmers must be unable to obtain credit from private commercial lenders.

The interest rate on emergency loans is 3.75%.

More information about the emergency-loan programs can be found at
disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

FLOOD INSURANCE

Homeowners living in areas designated as high-risk flood regions may soon have a
way to save on flood insurance.

Starting Jan. 1, the Federal Emergency Management Agency's National Flood
Insurance Program is offering a new insurance option that will allow property
owners to get lower-cost flood insurance for two years before they are required
to pay standard rates.

The program will make Preferred Risk Policies available for properties that have
been newly mapped into high-risk areas due to a 2008 flood map revision. Those
types of policies start at $129 a year and are typically available only for
properties in moderate-to-low-risk areas.

The revisions and newer maps provide detailed information about where flooding
is most likely to occur.

Costs for standard flood-insurance policies vary, with the average policy
running about $570 a year.

The Preferred Risk Policies provide the same quality of protection and can
include coverage on a building's contents, at a fraction of the cost.

More information can be found at www.floodsmart.gov and
www.floodsmart.gov/PRPExtension.

CHECK THE MAPS

Clinton County Emergency Services Director Eric Day said it's important for
landowners to review flood-insurance-risk maps to find out if they're in
flood-prone areas.

He said climate change and development projects can change the Earth's surface,
and "these changes can make an area prone to flash flooding during severe
weather where one may never have thought flooding was even possible."

Day feels "checking the mapping and looking into the National Flood Insurance
Program is something every landowner should consider."

E-mail Andrea VanValkenburg at: avanvalkenburg@pressrepublican.com

To see more of The Press-Republican or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressrepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Press-Republican,
Plattsburgh, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101230-ZI-Tri-county-farmers-eligible-for-emergency-loans
-1230-20101230

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2010 The Press-Republican


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 29, 2010 Wednesday

Tri-county farmers eligible for emergency loans

BYLINE: Andrea VanValkenburg, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 637 words


Dec. 29--PLATTSBURGH -- Tri-county farmers who suffered losses during the late
September and early October downpours may be able to quality for low-interest
emergency loans.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture designated Franklin, Cortland and Green
counties as primary natural-disaster areas due to the extensive rain and
flooding between Sept. 30 and Oct. 4.

DISASTER AREAS

Seventeen other counties -- including Clinton and Essex -- can also qualify for
disaster assistance because those areas border the three primary-disaster
counties.

The counties were designated as disaster areas Dec. 17, meaning all qualified
farm operators in those regions have eight months from that date to apply for
loans to help cover part of their losses.

The loans are being offered by the Agriculture Department's Farm Service Agency.

Officials say the heavy rains caused severe damage to certain crops and that the
loans can help those who suffered significant production losses.

Loan applications will be considered individually, taking into account the
extent of losses, security available and repayment abilities, officials said.

WIND STORMS

Clinton and Essex counties have also been declared eligible for disaster loans
for any losses incurred during the wind and snow storms that rocked the region
between Dec. 1 and 5.

Officials said farmers affected in that storm may be eligible for
production-loss loans of up to 100 percent of their actual losses or the
operating-loan amount needed to continue in business or a maximum principal
balance outstanding of $500,000, whichever is less.

Farmers must be unable to obtain credit from private commercial lenders.

The interest rate on emergency loans is 3.75%.

More information about the emergency-loan programs can be found at
disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

FLOOD INSURANCE

Homeowners living in areas designated as high-risk flood regions may soon have a
way to save on flood insurance.

Starting Jan. 1, the Federal Emergency Management Agency's National Flood
Insurance Program is offering a new insurance option that will allow property
owners to get lower-cost flood insurance for two years before they are required
to pay standard rates.

The program will make Preferred Risk Policies available for properties that have
been newly mapped into high-risk areas due to a 2008 flood map revision. Those
types of policies start at $129 a year and are typically available only for
properties in moderate-to-low-risk areas.

The revisions and newer maps provide detailed information about where flooding
is most likely to occur.

Costs for standard flood-insurance policies vary, with the average policy
running about $570 a year.

The Preferred Risk Policies provide the same quality of protection and can
include coverage on a building's contents, at a fraction of the cost.

More information can be found at www.floodsmart.gov and
www.floodsmart.gov/PRPExtension.

CHECK THE MAPS

Clinton County Emergency Services Director Eric Day said it's important for
landowners to review flood-insurance-risk maps to find out if they're in
flood-prone areas.

He said climate change and development projects can change the Earth's surface,
and "these changes can make an area prone to flash flooding during severe
weather where one may never have thought flooding was even possible."

Day feels "checking the mapping and looking into the National Flood Insurance
Program is something every landowner should consider."

E-mail Andrea VanValkenburg at: avanvalkenburg@pressrepublican.com

To see more of The Press-Republican or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressrepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Press-Republican,
Plattsburgh, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101229-ZI-Tri-county-farmers-eligible-for-emergency-loans
-1229-20101229

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2010 The Press-Republican


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 6, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 2 Counties in Florida as Primary Natural Disaster Areas

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated two counties in Florida as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by excessive
rain, high winds, hail, lightning and tornadoes that occurred May 2-5, 2013.


The counties are:
Putnam, St. Johns


"Our hearts go out to those Florida farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Florida
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Florida also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Alachua

Clay

Duval
Flagler

Marion

Volusia


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas June 5, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 5, 2010 Friday

BRIEF: Area farmers are eligible for federal drought disaster aid

BYLINE: Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 264 words


Nov. 05--U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has granted Gov. Steve Beshear's
request for disaster assistance to Kentucky farm families in 91 counties --
including Daviess, Hancock, McLean, Muhlenberg and Ohio -- because of the severe
drought conditions that began Aug. 1.

"The current drought has critically impacted our agriculture sector, including
early harvests with reduced yields and loss of water supply for livestock," the
governor said.

A secretarial disaster designation provides farm families, meeting eligibility
requirements, the opportunity to be considered for disaster assistance from Farm
Service Agency, including emergency loans and Supplemental Revenue Assistance
Payments.

Farmers in eligible counties have until July 3 to apply for emergency loan
assistance. SURE Program applications for 2010 crop losses will be accepted in
2011, when the 2010 farm revenue data becomes available.

Information about USDA's Disaster Assistance Programs and the secretarial
disaster designation process are available at www.fsa.usda.gov by clicking on
the Disaster Assistance Program link in the left-hand column.

To see more of the Messenger-Inquirer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.messenger-inquirer.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Messenger-Inquirer,
Owensboro, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101105-OW-BRF-Area-farmers-are-eligible-for-federal-drought-disaster-aid-1105-
20101105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2010 Messenger-Inquirer


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    OCTOBER 11, 1997 Saturday DCITY EDITION

DROUGHT LEADS FARMERS TO ASK FOR HIGHER MILK PRICE / THE DEPARTMENT OF
AGRICULTURE DECLARED FARMERS THROUGHOUT THE STATE ELIGIBLE FOR EMERGENCY LOANS.

BYLINE: Walter F. Naedele, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 586 words


Pennsylvania dairy farmers have asked a state regulatory board for an increase
of 3 to 4 cents in the consumer cost of a gallon of milk.

The request follows a spring and summer of below-average rainfall that ravaged
crops across the state, including the crops that dairy farmers depend on to feed
their cows.

The crop damage led the U.S. Department of Agriculture this week to declare
farmers throughout the state eligible for emergency federal loans.

"This has been a very difficult summer for Pennsylvania farmers," said
Pennsylvania Agriculture Secretary Samuel E. Hayes Jr., who supported the price
increase.

The Pennsylvania Milk Marketing Board held an emergency hearing yesterday on
farmers' pleas to raise the price on each 100 pounds of milk from 80 cents to
either $1.20 or $1.25. The board is expected to rule within two weeks.

The average price of a gallon of milk sold in Pennsylvania is now $2.44, the
board said.

Hayes, speaking about the emergency loan declaration, said, "The drought,
coupled with the severe heat, put many of our farm families in a very serious
financial situation.

"Because of the delayed maturation of crops, stunted growth and low yields, many
farmers are facing a shortage of feed as they go into the winter months, in
addition to loss of income."

A farmer can obtain a federal loan of as much as $500,000, repayable at 3.75
percent interest over 30 years, said John R. Cameron, Pennsylvania
administrative officer for the USDA's Farm Service Agency.

To qualify, farmers have eight months to determine whether their farms suffered
at least a 30 percent loss of normal production in a single crop. They must,
among other things, be unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

"There are some real pockets of lousy [crop] production" in the state, said
Cameron of the Farm Service Agency. There are "some counties where
corn-for-grain has suffered 75 percent, 78 percent losses."

Cameron said Bucks, Chester and Montgomery Counties "have suffered very
substantial corn [and soybean] losses, and the hay crop has been very severely
affected."

Although a farmer can get as many as four cuttings of alfalfa hay during a good
year, Cameron said, in some parts of the state, "you're lucky if you get one -
that's largely where people are these days."

All three crops are used to feed dairy cows, which constitute the state's
largest business.

Pennsylvania is one of five states where a disaster declaration was issued for
an entire state this year.

A Farm Service Agency spokesman in Washington said the others were Delaware -
designated on Monday - and Montana, North and South Dakota, designated after
storms last winter.

"One of the frustrations of corn production in Pennsylvania," Greg Roth, a corn
specialist at Pennsylvania State University, said recently, "is drought is
becoming more common."

National Weather Service data shows annual rainfalls below normal in
Philadelphia in six of the last 10 years. As of midnight Thursday, 24.11 inches
had fallen this year, 27 percent below the 30-year average of 32.87 inches for
that date.

Last month, data from the USDA'S National Agricultural Statistics Services
showed that the state was producing the largest percentage of tainted corn of
the nation's 17 largest corn-producing states.

In new data released Oct. 5, the statistics unit reported that 13 percent of
Pennsylvania's corn was "very poor," 29 percent poor, 33 percent fair, 23
percent good and 2 percent excellent.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    News Letter Journal (Newcastle, Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 19, 2012

Waitin on a sign

BYLINE: News Letter Journal staff

LENGTH: 899  words


Agricultural producers in this region were hurting weeks before the Oil Creek
Fire destroyed a significant amount of forage through the heart of the county,
and local representatives of state and federal agencies say work had begun to
secure resources for drought and disaster relief well ahead of the blaze.

Peggy Livingston, the director of the United States Department of Agriculture's
Farm Services Agency, said she has been working to secure financial relief for
local producers for some time, but until the Secretary of Agriculture declares a
disaster because of the drought that has stricken the region this year, funds
won't be available.

"What we're waiting on right now, the big thing, is the Secretarial designation.
That's not ' finalized," she told the News Letter Journal, indicating that if a
designation is made, emergency loans will be available from FSA. There is also
the possibility that Emergency Conservation District Program funds, which don't
require repayment, could become available as well.

A disaster declaration from the Secretary of Agriculture will make all family
sized farm operators eligible to be considered for low interest emergency loans
from FSA.

"In addition, if you sell or exchange more livestock in a given year than you
normally would because of a drought or other weather-related conditions, you may
be able to postpone reporting the gain from the additional animal sales until
the following year," Livingston said.

To qualify, an individual has to farm as their principal trade or business, and
they have to use the cash method of accounting. They have to show that, under
their usual business practices, they would not have sold or exchanged the
additional animals this year except for the weather-related conditions.

"Always consult with your tax advisor to evaluate your individual situation,"
Livingston suggested.

The Weston County FSA Office has also submitted a request for Emergency
Conservation Program funds, but that request still needs to be approved at the
State FSA Office level before being forwarded to the national office.

"If received, this funding will provide cost share for producers who need to
restore fences, replace water tanks or storage tanks, and above-ground pipelines
that were destroyed in die fire. In addition to these practices, funding may
also be available for water enhancement measures to permit grazing of pastures
in which the normal water source is depleted. This may include well drilling for
livestock water plus one tank at the well sight, solar panels to provide power
to pump water for livestock or water hauling for livestock," Livingston
reported.

She indicated that she will publicize a disaster declaration in the News Letter
Journal if and when it comes, and will also let people know if Emergency
Conservation Program funding becomes available. She also suggested that passage
of the 2012 Farm Bill could reactivate other disaster programs that expired in
September of last year.

Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack announced last week tiiat a package of
program improvements designed to deliver faster and more flexible assistance to
farmers devastated by natural disasters, including wildfires, has been
implemented.

"Secretary Vilsack announced three significant improvements to decades-old USDA
programs and processes related to Secretarial disaster designations: a final
rule that simplifies the process for Secretarial disaster designations and will
result in a 40 percent reduction in processing time for most counties affected
by disasters; a reduced interest rate for emergency loans; and lowers the
payment reduction on Conservation Reserve Program lands qualified for emergency
haying and grazing in 2012," a press release from the United States Department
of Agriculture reported.

The release also said Burned Area Emergency Response specialists are working in
a number of western states, including Wyoming, to prevent additional damage to
life, property or natural resources.

"They will be looking for changes in soil properties and the soil's capacity to
absorb precipitation to mitigate erosion potential. BAER teams are staffed by
specially trained professionals: hydrologists, soil scientists, engineers,
biologists, vegetation specialists, archeologists, and others who rapidly
evaluate the burned area and prescribe emergency stabilization treatments," the
release stated.

The release didn't indicate if any of the teams are active in Weston County, and
Livingston pointed out that a significant portion of the west was struggling
under drought conditions and being impacted by wildfires.

"Everybody is asking for these things, nationwide," she said, suggesting that
producers should get in their requests quickly if a disaster declaration is made
because the amount of resources available could be limited.

"It may give them a little bit of a bright spot, but nothing is a given here,
just because of the economic times," she said.

Regardless of whether or not a disaster declaration comes from Vilsack in the
near future, Livingston urges producers to stay in touch with her office, and
share information that could help assistance find its way here.

"I would encourage anybody who has any questions or concerns to contact me. I'm
documenting the things they've told us in die office to get a feel for this,
otherwise its difficult for me to even know how much money to ask for," she
encouraged.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLJ

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 News Letter Journal


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 12, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

White House Releases Funds for Farm Loans

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 147 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 11


President Reagan today authorized the release of emergency funds and approved
other bookkeeping actions, allowing the transfer of $750 million so the
Government can keep up with the demand for farm operating loans this spring, a
White House spokesman said.

Albert R. Brashear, Deputy Press Secretary, said Mr. Reagan took the action
after , after he met this afternoon with his Economic Policy Council. The funds
would help the Farmers Home Administration meet the demand for operating loans.

''We think it will get us through,'' the spokesman said, although he noted the
funds available this year are only a fraction of what was transferred last year
before the 1985 farm bill put a $1.3-billion cap on the agency's emergency loan
fund.

About $1.5 billion was allocated for direct loans in the fiscal year that began
last Oct. 1, but heavy loan activity was using it rapidly.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            December 9, 2012 Sunday

Farm Briefs for Dec. 9

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 380 words


House Ag Committee has local members

WASHINGTON   Doug LaMalfa, R-Richvale; John Garamendi, D-Fairfield; and Jeff
Denham, R-Turlock will join the U.S. House Committee on Agriculture.

Jim Costa, D-Fresno, already serves on the committee.

Beef prices still on the rise

The latest Consumer Price Index report from USDA shows retail beef and veal
prices continued to rise in 2012, while most other food prices have stabilized,
Drovers CattleNetwork reported.

The projection is for a rise in prices from 5-6 percent next year.

The index for pork prices declined by 2.1 percent over the past 12 months, while
the index for poultry increased by 5.5 percent. The index for all meats, poultry
and fish increased by 2.4 percent during the same period.

Overall for 2012, USDA projects the CPI for all food will increase by 2.5
percent to 3.5 percent.

Talk on challenges to farmers, ranchers

A talk and breakfast on "building and sustaining profitability for north-state
farmers and ranchers" will be held from 8:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. Monday at Rolling
Hills Casino.

The goal of the day is to create a list of "next steps" for small and
medium-sized farmers to face challenges in Butte, Glenn and Tehama counties.

The event is sponsored by the Buy Fresh Buy Local, 3Core and Nortec.

Farm Bureau awarded for innovation

PASADENA   The Butte County Farm Bureau was given the Innovator Award during the
California State Farm Bureau Federation annual meeting in Pasadena last week.

The county held a member outreach luncheon with attendance of more than 100. The
goal was to gain more membership, as well as raise money for the state farm
bureau Family Farm political action committee. More than $4,500 was raised.

Emergency loans for drought

Butte and Glenn County farmers are among those eligible for USDA emergency farm
loans due to drought in 2012.

Growers have eight months to apply and need to show loss and be able to repay
the loans.

Free dairy seminars are available

ORLAND   California dairy management seminars will be hosted by the University
of California Agriculture and Natural Resources.

In Orland, the event is Thursday from 5:30-8:30 p.m. and includes dinner.
Location is the farm adviser's office, 821 E. South St.

Information, 865-1156,bmkarle@ucdavis.edu .

Other events will be held in Tulare and Modesto.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 5, 1981 Saturday

Bogged down in discussions   Farmers flock for promised aid,   but only three
receive it so far

BYLINE: KEVIN COX; GAM

LENGTH: 564 words


By  KEVIN COX
   Despite a flood of applications for the low-interest emergency farm aid
 promised in the federal budget a month ago, only three farmers across the
 country have received any money from the program.

The program, set up to make $45-million available at 11.75 per cent
 interest to farmers in danger of losing their farms, has bogged down in
 discussions between bankers and federal officials.

Farmers can't apply for the federal money unless they have been turned
 down for a Small Business Development Bond first, and many banks have not
 been processing those applications because the federal Government has not
 made clear who is eligible for the bonds, which the budget made available
 to unincorporated farmers.
    "There's no question activity is not in full swing. Things are moving
 slowly," said Al Droppo, a spokesman for the Canadian Bankers Association,
 who met federal officials from the departments of Revenue and Finance
 Thursday.
    "We did succeed in getting our concerns across at the meeting, but the
 criteria for the bonds have to be clarified, and we were hoping to hear
 something on this today. Now we probably won't hear anything until
 Tuesday."
    Mr. Droppo said the banks need clarification from the federal officials
 on how the bonds, which make between $10,000 and $500,000 available at
 about 16 per cent interest, can be given out.

He said many farmers have applied for the bonds but the banks won't
 give out the bonds until the criteria are completed.

Stewart Given, Ontario director of the Farm Credit Corp., a federal
 farm financing agency, said the three farmers, all from Ontario, received
 emergency loans totalling $650,000, but many applications are on hold
 until the snags are worked out in the bond program.
    "We had quite a heavy run initially when this was announced and we have
 been quite busy with the applications, although it is tapering off now,"
 Mr. Given said.
    "There is still some delay with farmers having to go through the banks
 first. This program will really start whenever the banks are ready to
 start," he said.

Other provinces also have experienced a large number of applications,
 but Ontario farmers expect to get a large portion of the money because of
 the low livestock prices and the lack of provincial interest-rate
 assistance programs offered in other provinces.

The lack of action on the bond program has angered many farmers. At a
 press conference Thursday, Tom Slumskie, a Bruce County farmer, said the
 federal budget "kicked us in the teeth.
    "In our area not one of 300 farmers who needed a Small Business
 Development Bond just to get by has been able to get one," he said.

A Newmarket dairy farmer, Jochem Huisintveldt, who said the Canadian
 Imperial Bank of Commerce demanded payment of his loans of $659,000 in
 early November and is threatening to put the farm into receivership, said
 he applied for the emergency aid program.
    "The Farm Credit guy said I probably wouldn't get anything and I'd have
 to get turned down for the bond before I could get any help. It would take
 a couple of months to get everything processed," said Mr. Huisintveldt,
 who has until Jan. 15 to arrange refinancing for his farm or face losing
 it.

A Department of Finance spokesman said yesterday no announcement on the
 bond program would be made until next week and he knew of no major changes
 to the program announced in the budget.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           November 17, 2011 Thursday

County Farmers Eligible For Loans

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 255  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Farmers in Lancaster County now qualify for natural disaster low-interest
emergency loans because of damage from Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated Lebanon, Bradford and York
counties as natural disaster areas because of excessive rain, flooding and flash
flooding.

Lancaster County farmers qualify for natural disaster assistance because the
county is contiguous to Lebanon and York counties.

Local farmers qualify for the loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency provided
eligibility requirements are met.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
- Nov. 9 - to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses.

FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into account
the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has a
variety of programs, in addition to the loan program, to help eligible farmers
recover from adversity.

USDA also has made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program, which was approved as
part of the Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008; the Emergency
Conservation Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program.

Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service Center for further
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and
other programs. Additional information is also available online at
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             August 5, 2007 Sunday
                                 Metro Edition

Drought-relief request takes on urgency;
USDA's State Emergency Board recommends disaster assistance be available in 25
Minnesota counties.

BYLINE: Jackie Crosby, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 553 words


Morrison County farmer Ken Primus hasn't seen an inch of rain at one time since
he planted in early May. He's not yet in panic mode, but he's starting to get
worried.

"If we got half of a normal crop, I'd be happy," said Primus, whose 75-acre farm
is about 7 miles southwest of Little Falls. "My corn is still green yet, but
there's some fields around here that are brown all the way to the top."

Gov. Tim Pawlenty hopes federal aid will soon be on its way.

In a letter sent to U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns on Friday, Pawlenty
asked the USDA to declare 25 Minnesota counties as agricultural disasters, which
would allow farmers and ranchers access to low-interest federal loans. A final
decision is made by the secretary of agriculture or the president.

The emergency loans, administered by the Farm Service Agency, can be used to
restore or replace property, pay production costs associated with the drought,
supplement living expenses, reorganize farming operations and refinance certain
debts.

Pawlenty said farmers in northern Minnesota are experiencing significant losses
to their hay and pasture, leaving many to worry about not having feed for
livestock over the winter.

"Corn and soybean crops are also losing value daily as the warm, dry weather
continues across the state," Pawlenty wrote in the letter.

Pawlenty included Roseau County in his request for aid because of an extensive
winter-kill of the county's perennial rye grass.

Last Tuesday, Pawlenty took a tour of distressed farms in central Minnesota and
asked the U.S. Department of Agriculture to assess the drought damage across
Minnesota. The department's emergency board recommended disaster assistance.

As an example of meager rainfall, Pawlenty last week pointed out the Little
Falls area had received 71 percent of its normal rainfall in May, 41 percent in
June and only 17 percent in July.

In late July, the National Drought Mitigation Center reported that a wide swath
of the state, running from the southwest to northeast, was suffering from
"severe" drought.

"When corn is shoulder high on up, it needs a third of an inch of water a day on
an 85-degree day," said Primus, who has about 60 acres of corn and 10 acres of
barley. "So with weather like we have now, that corn is using over 2 inches a
week. When you don't get any rain, that hurts."

Minnesota has two loan programs for farmers hit hard by the drought. The
Disaster Assistance Loan Program is for farmers in counties that receive the
disaster declaration and helps with the costs of watering, irrigation and other
drought mitigation systems.

The state's Loan Restructuring Program can help farmers pay their bills,
regardless of whether they live in a federally designated disaster area.

Primus said he has mixed feelings about the federal government stepping in.

"I've been here since 1978, and I've never had a government loan yet," he said.
"When you have a drought, it's kind of the checks and balances of the system. It
sounds kind of cruel, but that's part of the risk you take in agriculture."

Jackie Crosby - 612-673-7335

FEDERAL AID SOUGHT FOR THE FOLLOWING COUNTIES:

Aitkin, Anoka, Benton, Brown, Carlton, Cass, Cook, Crow Wing, Douglas, Hennepin,
Hubbard, Itasca, Kanabec, Lake, Mille Lacs, Morrison, Pipestone, Pope, Roseau,
St. Louis, Sherburne, Swift, Todd, Wadena, Wright.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 21, 2016 Sunday

In Midst of Drought, Local Farmers Focus on Hay and Irrigation

BYLINE: Isaac Stein, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 905 words


Aug. 21--It doesn't take hard-hitting reportage to show summers can be hot in
New Hampshire, and rainfall has been scarce this year. But the severity of the
weather this year is unusual, and, as of Wednesday, the N.H. Department of
Environmental Services listed the entire southern part of the state as in a
"severe" drought.

Naturally, local farmers have cause for concern. "I've heard talk from farmers
... who have been in this area a lot longer than us, and they said that they've
been here 30 years, and it's never been this bad. Ever," said Sarah Costa of
Manning Hill Farm in Winchester.

Interviews with four farmers, including Costa, who were at the Farmers' Market
of Keene Saturday morning suggest the impact of the drought varies considerably
from farm to farm. It also depends on whether a farm has access to water
independent of the rainfall, and what crops they're growing.

Provided they're properly watered, vegetables may "actually do better with dry
weather," said Frank Hunter, of Hillside Springs Farm in Westmoreland.

He said he has not sustained a significant economic impact from the drought, and
has actually experienced less "disease pressure" this year. Hunter specifically
mentioned less bottom rot on lettuce and leaf spot on tomatoes. He did note,
however, that his "hay crop was down."

The hay crop has "been crap," Susan Parke-Sutherland of Wingate Farm in Hinsdale
said. Parke-Sutherland said her farm is doing fine economically, but she
irrigates "crazy hours" to deal with the drought.

Her farm produces eggs, meat and flowers. But with hay, she said, there's "real
dollar amounts lost because of the drought." She added that most of the other
farmers she knows "were just going all out and irrigating, like as much as
possible."

However, not all farmers have irrigation systems, or irrigate all of their
crops. Susan Peters of Deer Ridge Farm in Guilford, Vt., irrigates the plants in
her greenhouse using water from a neighbor's spring, which has not been affected
by the drought. She said she was thankful for having a reliable water source,
and had the good fortune to get rain "basically when we've really needed it."

But the drought is severe, and the federal government is acting on the
situation.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated eight counties in New
Hampshire, including Cheshire County, as primary natural disaster areas,
according to a news release Friday. The designation is due to "losses caused by
freeze and unseasonably warm temperatures that occurred from Feb. 1, 2016,
through April 30, 2016," according to the release.

The news release added that farmers in those eight counties, as well as Carroll
and Coos counties, may apply for low-interest emergency loans from the USDA, and
applications will be approved based on criteria including the extent of losses
and repayment ability.

Farmers in several counties in Maine, Massachusetts, and Vermont are eligible
for the loans, too.

But none of the four farmers interviewed Saturday were particularly interested
in the USDA loans. Their main reasons varied considerably, but often hinged on
what they characterized as an inapplicability to small farms, and a reluctance
to take on additional debt.

Parke-Sutherland said she appreciates the USDA's involvement and thought it
"appropriate," but said she doesn't "utilize their emergency relief services,
even their crop insurance services, just because of our scale."

Hunter said farmers would be more interested in grants, not loans.

"It's borrowing from Peter to pay Paul, and I'm not sure that's a good route to
go down. I mean, farming is so marginal economically that I think probably
grants are probably what farmers are more interested in," he said.

Costa referenced the possibility of additional loans with a laugh. "We probably
won't do it. We already have a lot of loans," she said.

For Costa, the extreme weather has affected her livelihood, as Manning Hill Farm
is, among other industries, a hay producer. It also sells beef, pork, eggs and
dairy products. She said the farm's yield on its second cut of hay was less than
half of what it normally is, and the farm usually does "sell quite a bit, for
income."

According to Costa, the bad hay crop was more attributable to the drought than
the unseasonable temperatures earlier this year, both of which caused the grass
to "completely burn up" and not grow back.

"The alfalfa would just grow and then it turns yellow or brown and then just,
like, flops over. And some types of grasses were just not growing at all,
because there's no rain," she said.

Overgrazing also would have killed the grass, she added, so the farm was placed
in a Catch-22. Ultimately, Manning Hill took its animals off the pasture and put
them in the barn, where they are eating hay, normally reserved for winter,
instead of grass.

Costa expressed concern about the farm's hay supply going into the end of year,
noting that the farm is saving what it has for its own use. With a breath of
optimism, she had a message on her plan for adapting to the weather
circumstances.

"You just keep moving forward. That's kind of what farming's all about, because
there's so many odd things about it."

Isaac Stein can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1435, or
Istein@keenesentinel.com Follow him on Twitter @ISteinKS

___ (c)2016 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160821-KN-In-Midst-of-Drought-Local-Farmers-Focus-on-Hay-and-Irrigation-0821-2
0160821

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2016 The Keene Sentinel


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   March 12, 2005 Saturday Mishawaka Edition

Briefs

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 570 words


SOUTH BEND

Radio show to discuss sexual orientation

The call-in radio program "Providing Options" this Sunday will talk about what
can be done to prevent discrimination based on sexual orientation.

The guests will include Rhonda Redman, who is lesbian, and possibly others who
can speak about psychology and Christian ministry.

The show also will address general questions of what it means to be gay or
lesbian or transsexual.

This comes up in light of an ordinance that may be proposed this year in the
South Bend Common Council. The ordinance would make sexual orientation a class
protected by the South Bend Human Rights Commission.

The radio show will air at 8:05 p.m. Sunday on WSBT-AM (960). Listeners may call
in at (574) 282-2696.

SOUTH BEND

Three face charges in weapons, drug bust

 Charges have been filed against two men and one woman arrested during a
Wednesday morning drug and weapons raid at a home on Brick Road.

Investigators discovered explosive materials, an assault rifle, ammunition,
cash, cocaine, marijuana and drug paraphernalia at the residence in the 15100
block of Brick Road, less than 1,000 feet from Prairie Vista Elementary School.

Court documents allege drugs were being used by occupants and sold from the
home.

Ronald J. Newhouse, 23, is charged with dealing cocaine within 1,000 feet of a
school, possession of cocaine within 1,000 feet of a school and possession of
marijuana.

Jack A. Maike, 48, and Ann Parks, 41, are charged with maintaining a common
nuisance.

All three are being held at the St. Joseph County Jail, a jail official said.

A third man arrested during the raid was not charged.

SOUTH BEND

12-year-old remains at juvenile center

 The 12-year-old boy who brought a loaded gun to Navarre Intermediate Center
admitted Friday to the charge filed against him in juvenile court.

The boy is charged with carrying a handgun on school property, a Class C felony
punishable by two to eight years in prison in adult court.

The boy's lawyer, Andr Gammage, asked that the boy be allowed to return home,
but St. Joseph Probate Court Magistrate Harold Brueseke ruled the boy should
remain in detention at the Frederick Juvenile Justice Center until his
sentencing May 17.

The case is the boy's first juvenile matter.

The boy has said he brought the loaded gun to school for protection because he
had been bullied by some youths after school. He told police he never intended
to use it or shoot anyone.

Before the disposition of his case, the boy will undergo a psychological
evaluation.

The sixth-grader will be expelled from school under the South Bend Community
School Corp. weapons policy.

KNOX

Farmers can apply for emergency loans

Farmers in Marshall, Starke and St. Joseph counties may be eligible for
emergency loans because of severe winter storms and flooding that occurred from
Jan. 1 through Feb. 11.

The Farm Service Agency-Farm Loan Programs, the U.S. Department of Agriculture
agency accepting the loans, is urging farmers to return their applications for
the loans as soon as possible to avoid a backlog that could occur by the
deadline of Oct. 3.

Generally, farmers who suffered physical and production losses are eligible for
the emergency loans. Contact Daniel L. Walsh, farm loan manager, at the Farm
Service Agency-Farm Loan Program office, 1406 S. Heaton St., Knox. The phone
number is (574) 772-3066.


LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Virginia: TWO VIRGINIA COUNTIES - BATH AND HIGHLAND - RECEIVE PRIMARY DISASTER
DECLARATIONS FOR DROUGHT IN 2014

LENGTH: 317  words

DATELINE: Richmond


Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services has issued the
following news release:

The Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services (VDACS) announced
today that Highland County received U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
designation as a primary disaster area due to drought that occurred from June 1
through October 31, 2014. Bath County received a similar designation due to
drought that occurred from August 22 through October 15, 2014. Alleghany,
Augusta and Rockbridge Counties were named contiguous disaster counties, meaning
they border a county named as a primary disaster area.

A federal Secretarial disaster designation makes farm operators in both primary
and contiguous counties eligible to be considered for assistance from the
federal Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided eligibility requirements are met.
This assistance includes FSA emergency loans. Local FSA offices can provide
affected farmers with further information.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of a Secretarial
disaster declaration to apply for emergency loan assistance. FSA will consider
each emergency loan application on its own merits, taking into account the
extent of production losses, security available and repayment ability. Local FSA
offices can provide affected farmers with more information.

Sandra J. Adams, VDACS Commissioner, said, "I am grateful that the USDA has
declared these two counties as disaster areas eligible for federal assistance,
and that other localities have been designated as contiguous disaster areas. Any
assistance farmers can get will be appreciated."

VDACS posts all of its news releases on Facebook and Twitter. To receive
immediate updates, follow us on Twitter@VaAgriculture or like us on
facebook.com/VaAgriculture.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                               September 23, 1998

E D I T O R I A L S Farmers Plow For More Subsidies

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. A32

LENGTH: 596 words



It's an election year, so it must be time to bail out farmers. Responding to
falling grain prices, drought and crop disease, Congress is set to lavish
farmers with billions in aid.  It's the easy answer. It's also the wrong one.

With aid on the way, there are only two questions: how much and in what form?
Democrats like marketing loans that float cash to farmers until they sell their
crops. They unveiled a plan Monday to provide $ 7.1 billion in emergency aid.

The GOP prefers direct payments worth about $ 4 billion.

Both distort free markets but marketing loans are worse than direct handouts.

They are designed to protect farmers from low prices. They also allow farmers to
store crops until prices go higher.

Farmers repay the loans with proceeds from crop sales. If they sell for less
than the loan rate, they keep the difference.

Many farmers dislike direct payments. They see them as blatant welfare. They
prefer loans that disguise the nature of the aid. Loans look more like a
legitimate cash advance than welfare.

But loans actually hurt farmers because they bring down prices over the long
term. When they have loans, farmers tend to hold on to crops in anticipation of
higher prices. The result is an eventual market glut that keeps prices low.

Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., says the loans cause an endless cycle: They're
continually used to combat the low prices they create.

Loans also drive down a farmer's income in another way. A Kansas State
University study showed storage costs and interest on the federal loans negate
any extra revenue brought by waiting for higher prices.

Despite rhetoric about saving family farms, the real beneficiaries of government
largesse are the biggest farms. The largest 15% - think corporate farms - get
two-thirds of the farm payments.

Yes, there are some family farmers having a tough time. But they're not alone.
Business cycles brought about by government interference in the marketplace
affect everyone. Corporate earnings are down due to government-inspired problems
in Japan, Korea, Indonesia and elsewhere. But only a favored few get a federal
bailout.

That will be ignored, though, as will farmers' current gorging at the federal
trough. Since '85, federal price supports have reached $ 370 billion. That's
enough to buy all the farmland in 41 states, says author James Bovard.

And under the '96 Freedom to Farm Act, farmers have received $ 6 billion more in
subsidies than they would have gotten under the old law.

Part of the money is from transition payments as the old subsidies are phased
out. The rest is from loan deficiency payments that automatically kick in when
some crop prices fall below a set price.

Last month the government unleashed more than $ 5 billion - a year's worth of
regular payments - in emergency aid. This funding comes from next year's budget.

That alone should be enough for Congress to reject more aid.

Yet a bigger bailout's coming. The House has already voted to excuse this farm
aid from the spending caps agreed to in last year's balanced budget act.

Why? Farmers enjoy political clout disproportionate to their numbers. Only about
2.5% of Americans farm, but farmers can be found in all but a few highly urban
congressional districts.

With nearly every lawmaker from a farm district or farm state, farmers tend to
get what they want. They should instead get what they need: a free market to
protect them from the vicious cycle of government aid.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 1998 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 17, 2012 Friday

Local farms part of drought disaster area

BYLINE: Tyrel Linkhorn, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 781 words


Aug. 17--Several recent rainstorms have improved drought conditions in most of
northwest Ohio, but for this year's corn crop the rain came too late to make
much of a difference.

"The drought is having a serious impact, even though things look green out here.
Our corn yields will be less than half of what they normally are," said Roy
Norman, Ohio Farm Bureau organization director for Fulton, Henry, Defiance, and
Williams counties.

Mr. Norman said many farmers in the counties he covers are anticipating losing
50 to 70 percent of their normal corn crop. In general, farms to the east are
faring better, while farms to the west are doing worse.

The federal government acknowledged the dire situation in Ohio this week as the
U.S. Department of Agriculture declared nine counties as natural disaster areas
because of the drought.

Included among them were Defiance, Fulton, Henry, Paulding, Putnam, and Van Wert
counties. The other three counties in Ohio named primary disaster areas are
Butler, Hamilton, and Preble. Williams County was declared a disaster area last
week. Fourteen other counties, including Allen, Hancock, Lucas, and Wood have
been named contiguous disaster counties.

The declaration allows eligible farmers to take out emergency loans at low
interest rates.

"If a producer is facing financial difficulty, the banker, for example, won't
lend," said Steve Maurer, Ohio executive director for the Farm Service Agency.
"Then we can play a role, charging a lower interest rate and helping people get
through a tough time."

Mr. Maurer said it's too early to say how many farmers will take advantage of
the loans, but he expects the number of those eligible to increase significantly
in coming days.

"Within days there will probably be many more counties added to that list that
came out [Wednesday]," he said. "I expect most of Ohio to be declared."

Other emergency assistance programs, such as Farm Service Agency disaster
assistance programs, have historically used disaster designations as an
eligibility requirement trigger.

But while low-interest loans can help, they can't do a thing to fix the root of
the problem, Mr. Norman said.

"In the large scheme of things," he said, "you can't replace that crop out there
you lost."

The most recent update of the U.S. Drought Monitor, released Tuesday, actually
shows improvement in northwest Ohio. Most of the region -- including all of
Defiance, Henry, Fulton, and Paulding counties -- went from severe drought to
moderate drought. The small pocket of extreme drought in Williams County was
reduced to moderate or severe.

It's too late for rains to improve the corn crop, but the additional moisture is
at least preventing fields from getting worse.

"I think we have stabilized," said Chet Phillips, general manager of Gerald
Grain Center Inc. in Napoleon. "We may be improving the [soy]beans. But we've
stabilized the corn. We've stopped the bleeding."

Wauseon-area resident Beverly Ayers, who along with her husband grows corn,
soybeans, and wheat, has counted 3.2 inches of rain since Aug. 5.

"It's very good rain. This is what we should have been having all along," she
said.

Still, she's not sure what they'll have come harvest time. Right now they're
figuring about half their soybean crop will be lost, and maybe 75 percent of the
corn crop.

Mr. Phillips said he expects to see a market area average of 100 to 105 bushels
of corn per acre. Often, local yields average 150 to 160 bushels per acre, he
said. The agriculture department last week cut U.S. overall yield projections to
123.4 bushels per acre. Still, with record planting this year, the crop is
expected to be a solid one of 10.8 billion bushels -- which the agency points
out is well above the 4.9 billion bushels produced in 1988, the drought to which
this year's has often been compared.

The rain does seem to have helped perk up the soybean crop.

"The beans look good," Mr. Phillips said. "We don't know how much damage or how
many pods we lost during that dry spell, but they've certainly put on more pods.
We've got high hopes for them."

If conditions hold, the soybean crop may net a near-normal yield in many
northwest Ohio fields. That could prove many farmers' saving grace.

"About half of them at least have insurance," Mr. Phillips said. "Beans I think
are going to be good, and I think [farmers] realize beans are going to take care
of them. I think we can be thankful for that. I think they know they'll get by.
Last year was a good year. In a way, it'll average out."

Contact Tyrel Linkhorn at: tlinkhorn@theblade.com or 419-724-6134.

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120817-TO-Local-farms-part-of-drought-disaster-area-0817-20120817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           September 19, 2004 Sunday

Some may pay dearly for flood damage

BYLINE: Brian C. Rittmeyer

LENGTH: 398 words


Homeowners without flood insurance could find themselves high and dry when it
comes to repairing their water-ravaged homes, unless a federal disaster is
declared.

Carolyn Gorman of the Insurance Information Institute said homeowners insurance
does not cover damage from rising water -- flooding.

"People should remember that flooding occurs everywhere, not just in flood
zones, and they should look into buying flood insurance," she said. "Many claims
come in from areas where it was not a designated flood zone."

Gov. Ed Rendell has asked for federal aid for 34 counties, including Allegheny,
Armstrong, Beaver, Butler, Washington and Westmoreland.

In a letter to President Bush, Rendell sought help for individuals, legal
services, emergency food stamps, unemployment assistance, crisis counseling and
loans.

Rendell made the request based on damage reports to the state Emergency
Operations Center. Representatives of the Federal Emergency Management Agency
surveyed the area by air Saturday, said Maria Smith, press secretary for the
Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency.

The state and county disaster declarations, for the most part, suspend only
bidding rules, allowing local governments to expedite cleanup and repair.

Because there are no state disaster-help programs, the only aid would come from
a federal declaration, Smith said.

"All the money comes from the federal government. The state administers some
programs, but it's not our money," said Justin Fleming, deputy press secretary
for PEMA. "As it stands now, nothing can happen in terms of assistance" to
homeowners or renters.

A federal declaration would allow homeowners, renters and business owners to get
grants and take out loans. The loans typically carry interest rates lower than
those offered by banks and credit unions -- between 2.5 percent and 5.5 percent.

PNC Bank announced it will provide low-interest loans to flood victims beginning
Monday. For individuals, the bank will offer up to 20-year home equity loans
with a fixed 3.99 percent interest rate and fees waived. For small businesses,
the bank will offer a minimum $2,500 line of credit with a fixed 2.99 percent
interest rate and three- and five-year loans with a fixed 5.25 percent interest
rate.

State Farm policyholders can call (800) 732-5246 to report property damage as a
result of Hurricane Ivan.

Staff writer Mike Wereschagin contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2004 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                  AUGUST 12, 1999 Thursday CNEW JERSEY EDITION

N.J. FARMS: RECOVERY IS YEARS AWAY NOT ONLY IS THE DROUGHT'S TOLL ON CROPS
EXTENSIVE, BUT U.S. LOANS ARE DEPLETED.

BYLINE: Suzette Parmley and Melody McDonald, INQUIRER STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 996 words


Anthony Grasso, a 36-year-old peach farmer in Elm in Camden County, has very
little to show for his labor in this year's harvest. With the drought and heat,
he expects to gather maybe only 5 percent to 10 percent of the crop.

Grasso's wife, Lori, 35, is encouraging the couple's two children, ages 11 and
4, to seek higher education so they will have something to fall back on should
they choose their father's shaky profession.

"It's a tough career," said Lori Grasso, who keeps the books for the
family-owned farm, which of late has had nothing but mounting expenses, such as
$125,000 for fertilizers and chemicals. "My husband doesn't feel like there is
much of a future in farming."

More than extensive crop damage is at stake as the drought continues its drain
on the state's nearly $1 billion-a-year agriculture industry. With New Jersey
declared a farm disaster area Tuesday by U.S. Agriculture Secretary Dan
Glickman, state officials said yesterday that it would take years to recover
from the drought's economic impact.

Another setback is that farm-loan programs in Washington have been depleted
because of the number of states that have applied for emergency assistance, due
to last year's drought in some areas and this year's.

All of Connecticut was declared a farm disaster area yesterday, along with 19
counties in Maryland, six in New York, five in Virginia, and one in New Mexico.
West Virginia was designated a farm disaster area last week, as were 87 counties
in Ohio on Tuesday.

In Pennsylvania yesterday, Gov. Ridge again appealed to Glickman to declare his
state a farm disaster area. Because 34 counties in New York were designated
disaster areas Tuesday along with 19 in New Jersey, 10 adjacent Pennsylvania
counties became eligible for federal low-interest loans.

Politicians in New Jersey and Pennsylvania asked Congress this week to
distribute grants and direct cash payments in addition to federal low-interest
loans to drought-stricken farmers. Grants and such payments would not have to be
paid back.

But officials at the U.S. Department of Agriculture said yesterday that the
back-to-back drought years had depleted their coffers. The agency spent its
entire fiscal 1999 budget of $287 million for emergency loans by June.

"Right now, we have no emergency loan money to distribute," said Carolyn
Cooksie, department administrator for farm-loan programs at the Farm Service
Agency. "We fund on a first-come, first-serve basis, and because of
weather-related disasters in '98 and '99, there's not a penny left."

Cooksie said her agency would appeal to Congress for additional funding because
it still has a backlog of applications from last year's drought, which wiped out
farmers in several Western and Southwestern states.

While there are no dollar figures on this year's crop damage in Pennsylvania,
the National Agricultural Statistics Service of the USDA has estimated that only
12 percent of the state's corn crop and only 1 percent of its pasture land are
in good condition.

In New Jersey, farmers are enduring financial hardships not seen 20 years. State
officials are estimating that damage to the state could reach $500 million
before the drought is over.

"Every day that this goes on, the losses grow exponentially," said a somber John
Rigolizzo Jr., president of the State Farm Bureau. "It's really stark. You see
burned-up fields up and down the state, just like toast."

Hay and field crops have nearly been destroyed by the dry spell and heat,
Rigolizzo said.

Fruit and vegetable growers have lost 25 percent to 50 percent of their crops,
he said, while grain and forage farmers have lost about half of their acreage to
the drought.

Rigolizzo said the conditions were so bad that it could take five or six years
before new peach and apple trees start producing fruit.

Farmers are already knee-deep in debt from last year's dry conditions, and
Rigolizzo said many had approached him about possibly asking lending
institutions to adjust their policies to take natural disasters into
consideration.

"Government works very slow," he said. "With [federal] assistance programs, it's
like a slow death. We need different forms of help. There are guys out there who
haven't received last year's aid. Now is the time to be looking for grants."

Virgil Eachus, a grain and dairy farmer who runs Wellacrest Farms Inc. in
Mullica Hill, will need at least $150,000 to break even this year. He is
ineligible to apply for federal loans, saying he is maxed out. "You can only
borrow so much," he said.

Eachus, 61, is counting on disaster-aid grants to get him through the year. The
fourth-generation farmer milks 300 cows and farms 1,500 acres of corn and
alfalfa, used mainly to feed the cows. This year, he won't have enough grain to
feed the cows and will have to buy corn to sustain his herd.

"We plant 930 acres of corn, and it is all burned up," he said. "It was too hot
to pollinate, and it didn't make any grain."

Severe weather and mounting debt have left Paul Hlubik, 39, disillusioned. He
farms more than 1,000 acres of grain and hay in Burlington, Monmouth, Mercer and
Ocean Counties. He said that 350 acres of crops were dead and that the rest were
producing about a third of what they normally would. He estimates he has lost
$100,000 to $200,000.

Making matters worse, Hlubik has found himself at an "unfair disadvantage" in
qualifying for federal assistance. He must be denied by his regular lender
before he can apply for federal low-interest loans. His good credit is working
against him.

"I'm not saying that I'm not grateful for the loans, because I am," he said.
"But a low-interest loan is not for everyone. It's for those who have been
denied by their regular lender."

Hlubik is grateful for one thing: He doesn't have children.

"If I had kids, I wouldn't want them to farm," he said. "And now I know why my
mom always pushed me away from it."

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                          September 20, 2008 Saturday
                            WESTERN NEW YORK EDITION

LOCAL NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: LOCAL; Local News Briefs; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 500 words


Loans offered to farmers to cover storm losses

Family farmers in Erie, Cattaraugus and Chautauqua counties have been declared
eligible for Farm Service Agency disaster emergency loan assistance to cover
damages and losses caused by the June 16 hail and wind storm.

Farmers who had at least 30 percent of their crops damaged or destroyed by hail,
winds or rain in the storm may be eligible for the emergency loans.

The interest rate is 3.75 percent. Farmers must be unable to obtain credit from
private commercial lenders to qualify.

Under the loan program, farmers may be eligible for production loss loans of up
to 100 percent of their actual losses, the operating loan needed to continue in
business or the maximum principal balance outstanding of $500,000, whichever is
the least.

Applications for the loans will be accepted until April 13. The FSA offic is
located at 3542 Turner Road, Jamestown 14701. For more information, call
664-2351.

***

State's senators secure rail and trail funding

JAMESTOWN -- The U.S. Department of Transportation is providing $640,000 for the
Jamestown Train Station and Riverwalk Connector Trail along the Chadakoin River.

"This is a huge victory for the future of the historic Jamestown Train Station,"
U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer said Friday when he and U.S. Sen. Hillary Rodham
Clinton announced the funding. "This much-needed project would revitalize the
region and reconnect it to its waterfront." "This investment is a tremendous
boost to the ongoing development in Jamestown," Clinton added. "The Intermodal
Center [train station] and Riverwalk Connector Trail will not only help to
revitalize Jamestown, but at a time of record ridership on public transit, this
project will help to modernize the transportation infrastructure in Jamestown to
help meet demand," she said.

***

Exhibit on African AIDS runs through Tuesday

JAMESTOWN -- Hillcrest Baptist Church and Bemus Point United Methodist Church,
in conjunction with the Jamestown Partnership, are sponsoring the "World Vision
Experience: AIDS" exhibit at the Jamestown Savings Bank Ice Arena today through
Tuesday.

The public is invited to go through the free, multimedia, interactive exhibit.
More than 200,000 people are expected to visit the exhibit during the 2007-08
tour.

The exhibit is a unique, multimedia, interactive exhibit that allows Americans
to step into the lives of children affected by HIV and AIDS in the hardest-hit
region of the world, Sub-Saharan Africa, where about 25 million people are
infected with HIV.

Visitors walk through a replica of an African village and experience the effects
of the disease in a real way as they listen to a personal audio track relating
the story of one of four children -- Kombo, Babirye, Emmanuel, and Mathabo.

The exhibit, which is slated to visit 80 cities during its national tour, will
be open to the public from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. today; noon to 10 p.m. Sunday and 10
a.m. to 8 p.m. Monday and Tuesday. The exhibit will be at the ice arena, 318 W.
Third St., Jamestown.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Billings County Pioneer (Medora, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 1, 2011

Golden Valley County in USDA designation

BYLINE: The Billings County Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 287  words


WASHINGTON - The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated 22 counties in
Montana as primary natural disaster areas due to losses caused by severe winter
storms, blizzards, excessive moisture and flooding that began Jan. 1 and
continues. Some counties in North Dakota also qualify for assistance because
they are contiguous to the Montana counties.

Some of the Montana counties are: Dawson, Fallon and Wibaux.

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in North Dakota and South Dakota
also qualify: North Dakota - Bowman, Golden Valley, McKenzie, Slope, Williams;
South Dakota - Butte and Harding. All counties listed above were designated on
Aug. 23, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible
for low interest emergency loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency, provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security availability and repayment ability.
FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help
eligible farmers recover.

USDA also has made other programs available to assist fanners and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program (SURE), which was approved
as part of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008: the Emergency
Conservation Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA service
centers for further information on eligibility requirements and application
procedures for these and other programs.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BIL

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2011 The Billings County Pioneer


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 1, 2011

Golden Valley County in USDA designation

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 287  words


WASHINGTON - The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated 22 counties in
Montana as primary natural disaster areas due to losses caused by severe winter
storms, blizzards, excessive moisture and flooding that began Jan. 1 and
continues. Some counties in North Dakota also qualify for assistance because
they are contiguous to the Montana counties.

Some of the Montana counties are: Dawson, Fallon and Wibaux.

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in North Dakota and South Dakota
also qualify: North Dakota - Bowman, Golden Valley, McKenzie, Slope, Williams;
South Dakota - Butte and Harding. All counties listed above were designated on
Aug. 23, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible
for low interest emergency loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency, provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security availability and repayment ability.
FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help
eligible farmers recover.

USDA also has made other programs available to assist fanners and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program (SURE), which was approved
as part of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008; the Emergency
Conservation Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA service
centers for further information on eligibility requirements and application
procedures for these and other programs.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 Golden Valley News


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           February 27, 2001 Tuesday

Consultant doesn't see new farm bill until 2002

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: MARKETPLACE; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 576 words


It will be spring 2002 before farmers see a farm bill out of Washington,
according to Jim Wiesemeyer.

Wiesemeyer, a consultant with Pro Farmer, spoke Monday at the 2001 Governmental
Affairs Leadership Conference of the Illinois Farm Bureau. The meeting continues
today at the Crowne Plaza Hotel.

"It just won't happen this year," Wiesemeyer said.

However, he said, with the number of senators and members of the Senate
Agriculture Committee up for re-election, he's pretty sure farmers will see a
farm bill next year.

Wiesemeyer said he often hears that the new farm bill will amount to $9 billion
more than the base for fiscal year 2001 and $9 billion to $12 billion for FY
2002.

"If they're successful, farmers will have to go to confession if they come back
for more emergency funding after that," Wiesemeyer said.

"The (current bill) has not been perfect, but it hasn't ever been allowed to
work. Going back and asking for $24 billion (in emergency funding) in the past
three years means the farm bill needs to be tweaked. It just hasn't been the
rousing success it could have been."

Debate on the 2002 farm bill has already begun. American Farm Bureau Federation
president Robert Stallman is expected to testify before the Senate Agriculture
Committee Wednesday.

Wiesemeyer expects next year's farm bill to keep the current bill's planting
flexibility as well as loans and market loan provisions.

New elements may include counter-cyclical payments for years when farm income
dips low, he said, adding that he expects renewable fuels such as ethanol to
play a big part, too. "Ethanol continues to be a motherhood-and-apple-pie
issue," said Wiesemeyer. "I see MTBE (a natural-gas-based fuel additive)
eventually being phased out, and that will be beneficial for ethanol. If there's
a growth industry, it's ethanol."

Ron Warfield, president of the Illinois Farm Bureau, said the group's long-term
objective is for farmers to receive income from the marketplace rather than from
the government.

"If we had an energy policy that promoted renewable fuels, we wouldn't need to
spend the baseline of the farm program," said Warfield. "The same thing with our
trade policy. If we're aggressive with a trade policy, we won't be needing farm
income from the government. But in the meantime, we need money there to prop up
income levels for farmers."

Warfield also believes farmers need to sell value-added products in the
marketplace and to have voluntary incentives in place for conservation of land.
"Give us the right incentives and producers will provide clean air, clean water
and soil conservation," said Warfield. "My challenge is to put the emphasis
where it should be - to get income from the marketplace. But so far, we've not
had the farm policies to do that."

This year, however, because of continued low commodity prices and rising
production costs, the American Farm Bureau and 22 other farm groups have asked
congressional leaders for increased emergency funding.

In a Feb. 6 letter to House Agriculture Committee chairman Larry Combest,
R-Texas, and the Senate committee chairman, Richard Lugar, R-Ind., the farm
groups asked them to urge the House and Senate budget committees to provide
additional agricultural funding "equal to at least the same level of emergency
economic loss assistance" that was provided for the 2000 crop. The requested
funding would be in addition to Congressional Budget Office projections for farm
program outlays.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Farmers in 5 Utah counties qualify for drought aid

LENGTH: 246 words


WASHINGTON, D.C. - Wasatch County farmers are eligible for disaster assistance
as the U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated the county as a primary
natural disaster area due to recent drought.

Farmers and ranchers in Duchesne, Salt Lake, Summit and Utah counties also
qualify for assistance because they border Wasatch County.

"Our hearts go out to those Utah farmers and ranchers affected by recent natural
disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.

"We're also telling Utah producers that USDA stands with you and your
communities when severe weather and natural disasters threaten to disrupt your
livelihood."

All five counties were designated natural disaster areas last week, making all
qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low interest
emergency loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration,
which was July 16, to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses.

Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, The Livestock Forage Disaster Program, the
Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees,
and Farm-Raised Fish Program, and the Tree Assistance Program.

Interested farmers can contact local USDA service centers for further
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures. Additional
information is available at disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

Wilson, other counties receive disaster declaration

BYLINE: The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 632 words


Sept. 21--Wilson County is one of 13 counties in North Carolina designated as a
primary natural disaster area due to damages and losses caused by excessive rain
and flooding this year.

The other counties are Avery, Cleveland, Henderson, Rutherford, Brunswick,
Columbus, Madison, Transylvania, Buncombe, Durham, Orange and Watauga.

The designation was declared by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

In early June, Wilson County some farmers had one of the prettiest crops started
that growers had seen in years. Wilson County fared OK when a tropical storm
blew through in early June. But after the tropical storm, it kept raining and
raining.

Officials said during a two-week period in late June into early July, Wilson
County received rain 12 out of 14 days. The county received two to three times
the normal amount of rainfall for this time of year limiting growers in what
they could do.

Some operations came to almost a complete standstill.

Farmers and ranchers in these additional counties in North Carolina also qualify
for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are: Alamance, Chatham, Jackson, New Hanover, Robeson, Ashe, Edgecombe,
Johnston, Pender, Wake, Bladen, Gaston, Lincoln, Person, Wayne, Burke,
Granville, McDowell, Pitt, Wilkes, Caldwell, Greene, Mitchell, Polk, Yancey,
Caswell, Haywood and Nash.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Sept. 18, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider
each loan application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of
losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs,
in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible farmers recover.

Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures. Additional information is also available online at
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

"Our hearts go out to those North Carolina farmers and ranchers affected by
recent natural disasters," said Tom Vilsack, federal agriculture secretary, in a
statement. "President Obama and I are committed to ensuring that agriculture
remains a bright spot in our nation's economy by sustaining the successes of
America's farmers, ranchers and rural communities through these difficult times.
We're also telling North Carolina producers that USDA stands with you and your
communities when severe weather and natural disasters threaten to disrupt your
livelihood."

Vilsack also reminds producers that Congress has not funded the five disaster
assistance programs authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill. These are SURE; the
Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP); the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honey
Bees, and Farm-Raised Fish (ELAP); the Livestock Forage Disaster Program (LFP);
and the Tree Assistance Program (TAP). Production losses due to disasters
occurring after Sept. 30, 2011, are not eligible for disaster program coverage.

Contact the Wilson County FSA office at (252) 237-5147, ext. 2 or visit the
Office located at 1806 Goldsboro Street, SW, Wilson, NC for additional
information concerning FSA programs and opportunities.

___ (c)2013 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130921-ZW-Wilson-other-counties-receive-disaster-declaration-0921-20130921

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2013 The Wilson Daily Times


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Senate Set to Debate Legislation to Aid Banks With Heavy Farm, Energy Loans

                            March 27, 1986, Thursday

By Joan Pryde

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 26


The Senate late today was poised to consider legislation that would put into law
an initiative by federal regulators to aid troubled commercial banks with large
amounts of agricultural and energy loans.

The desire of many farm state senators up for re-election this year to pass an
aid bill was expected to smooth the way for passage, but a last-minute snag may
have developed that may not allow the bill to come up before the Senate leaves
for its weeklong Easter recess. The recess is scheduled to begin tomorrow.

An aide to Senate majority leader Bob Dole, R-Kan., said, ''A lot of senators
are looking at it'' and want to consider the bill more carefully before voting
on it. ''It's not likely it will come up before we leave,'' the aide said.

The legislation, which the Senate Banking Committee approved late Tuesday,
applies to federally insured commercial banks that have loans to farms, or to
oil and gas companies, in excess of 25% of their total outstanding debt.

The bill would codify actions the regulators - the Federal Reserve, the
Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. - announced
March 11, including allowing troubled agriculture banks to operate below minimum
capital requirements and encouraging banks to stick with troubled farm loans and
restructure farmers' debts. In addition, the bill endorses a little-used
provision in federal financial accounting standards that allows troubled banks
to account for renegotiated loans so they are not immediately recorded as
losses.

After the committee approved the bill, an FDIC official said in a brief
interview that the regulatory agencies continue to believe legislation was not
necessary to implement their plan, but the agencies had worked with the
committee to get as much flexibility for themselves as possible in implementing
the law.

Treasury assistant secretary for finance Charles O. Sethness said although the
Reagan administration had been ''part of the process'' in developing the
legislation, ''it would be best to leave it at no comment'' as to whether the
Treasury supported the bill.

In its action Tuesday, the committee added a provision to the bill that extends
for three months a law allowing the emergency acquisition of failed banks and
savings and loans with assets of more than $500 million by out-of-state
institutions. The law currently is set to expire April 15.

One sticking point to Senate passage of the bill is a provision the committee
added that would place a moratorium on approvals by federal regulators of
applications to set up limited-service banks. The provision apparently was added
because of concern that a court-ordered injunction against such approval by the
Comptroller of the Currency may be lifted soon.

Another hurdle is the possibility that Sen. Phil Gramm, R-Tex., a member of the
banking committee, will seek to amend the emergency-acquisition law by making it
include banks that have incurred heavy losses but have not failed and by
lowering the minimum assets of troubled banks covered by the law. The senator
unsuccessfully tried to add his amendment during the committee's consideration
of the bill Tuesday.

Late today, an aide to Mr. Gramm said it was not likely the senator would try to
add his amendment when the Senate considers the bill because he had received
assurances from the committee leadership they would consider the question of
expanding the emergency-acquisition law during the next three months, if the
bill is extended.

In fact, Sen. Jake Garn, R-Utah, the banking panel chairman, said during the
committee's consideration of the aid bill he hoped to have a ''comprehensive''
banking bill ready for the committee's consideration in late May. ''I may not be
able to achieve that, but that's my goal at this point,'' the senator said.

Mr. Garn said that bill can be expected to include provisions for deposit
insurance reform and a longer-term extension of the emergency acquisition law.
Mr. Garn also has repeatedly said he hopes to include expanded powers for banks
in such a bill.

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 682 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

Major parties deal with drought

BYLINE: JESSIE DAVIES

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 577 words


AS DROUGHT rolls on in the North West and with no decent rain in sight,
assistance will be top of mind for many farmers heading to the polls on March
28.

The Coalition has released a drought preparedness package totalling $300
million, funded from existing revenue, but Labor is yet to release costings of
its policies, which feature a return to drought declarations and a large
investment in water infrastructure.

Low-interest loans

THE centrepiece of the government's policy is a $250m package for low-interest
loans, plus $45m for vocational training and farm business planning to prepare
for future droughts.

The loans cover the cost of permanent capital works which will have a
significant benefit to land, long-term profitability of the enterprise and
address adverse seasonal conditions.

They cover up to 100 per cent of the net cost of the works to a maximum of
$250,000, with a total of $250,000 outstanding at any one time.

The interest rate for the loans is administered by the Rural Assistance
Authority and depends on when the loan is approved and is fixed thereafter.

Primary Industries Minister Katrina Hodgkinson said more than 300 loans,
totalling $40m, had been approved under the program to date.

Labor primary industries spokes- man Steve Whan said the low-interest loans
championed by the Coalition could not be accessed by some of the hardest-hit
farmers ("Focus on Ag Policy", March 5, 2015).

"There are farmers in the north of the state who can't afford to access the
low-interest loans," Mr Whan said.

Water infrastructure

THE Coalition has delivered an extra $20m towards the funding of its Emergency
Water Infrastructure Rebate (EWIR) scheme, which had become fully subscribed in
July, 2014.

The federal government has announced an additional $3m from its coffers for the
scheme.

The EWIR is a temporary rebate for up to 50pc of the cost of purchase and
installation of emergency water infrastructure, capped at $20,000.

To be eligible, farm businesses are required to be experiencing a one-in-50-year
rainfall deficiency or worse.

Eligibility will be determined by the Bureau of Meteorology's rainfall
deficiency ranking system, which classifies where there has been less rainfall
over 12 and 24 months in the latest two years, compared with similar periods
over the historical period since 1900.

Ms Hodgkinson said the program had a finite amount of funding and needed to be
shared as equitably as possible across all farmers in the state.

Almost $35m had already been delivered under EWIR to more than 2900 farm
businesses since November, 2013.

An extra $2.5m has been allocated to enhance the network of weather stations
across the state, which is aimed at increasing the accuracy of the data gathered
by the bureau.

Labor said if elected, it would match the Coalition's $20m water infrastructure
scheme.

Transport subsidies

THE Coalition is providing $5m across five years for transport assistance for
animal welfare and donated fodder within NSW.

Labor will fund up to 50pc of stock, fodder and transport costs to a maximum of
$20,000 a year for farmers in drought for nine months or more.

Labor has not yet released the total cost of its policy.

Ms Hodgkinson said the Coalition's transport subsidies were more equitable than
the previous scheme, which during the millennium drought delivered $169m to
fewer than 25pc of eligible producers.

Mr Whan said the Coalition's policy excluded the assistance farmers needed to
keep their core breeding stock alive.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    March 12, 2005 Saturday Marshall Edition

Briefs

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 409 words


PLYMOUTH

Election board to hold meeting

The Marshall County Election Board will meet in public session at 8 a.m. Tuesday
at the clerk's office, 211 W. Madison St. in Plymouth.

PLYMOUTH

Eye health subject of community forum

 "Eye Health: Cataract, Macular Degeneration, Glaucoma" will be the topic of the
Community Outreach Education Program sponsored by Holm Medical Clinic/Fitness
Forum from 6:30 to 7:30 p.m. Tuesday at Christos Banquet Center, 830 E. Lincoln
Highway, Plymouth.

The speakers will be Dr. Robert Vore and Dr. Brian Baird. The meeting is free
and open to the public.

No reservation is required. Refreshments will be served. For more information,
contact Mary Holm at (574) 936-2333.

BREMEN

Town Council session set for Monday

The Bremen Town Council will next meet at 7 p.m. Monday at Bremen Town Hall, 104
W. Plymouth St.

For more information, stop by town hall or call (574) 546-2044.

BREMEN

School board to meet Tuesday

 Bremen Public Schools will hold its next regular school board meeting at 7:30
p.m. Tuesday at Bremen High School, 511 W. Grant St.

For more information, stop by the school administration office, 512 W. Grant
St., or call the office at (574) 546-3929.

BOURBON

School board schedules meetings

Triton School Corp. will hold its next regular school board meeting 7 p.m.
Monday, at the school administration office, 100 Triton Drive.

Before the meeting, the board will meet in closed executive session to discuss
personnel.

The board will hold another executive session after the regular meeting, also to
discuss personnel.

For more information, stop by the school administration office or call the
office at (574) 342-2255.

KNOX

Bad weather prompts disaster loans

 Farmers in Marshall, Starke and St. Joseph counties may be eligible for
emergency loans because of severe winter storms and flooding that occurred from
Jan. 1 through Feb. 11.

The Farm Service Agency-Farm Loan Programs, the U.S. Department of Agriculture
agency accepting the loans, is urging farmers to return their applications for
the loans as soon as possible to avoid a backlog that could occur by the
deadline of Oct. 3.

Generally, farmers who suffered physical and production losses are eligible for
the emergency loans. Contact Daniel L. Walsh, farm loan manager, at the Farm
Service Agency-Farm Loan Program office, 1406 S. Heaton St., Knox. The phone
number is (574) 772-3066.


LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday
                               hyderabad Edition

No merit in AP, T loan waiver call: RBI guv

SECTION: THE TIMES OF INDIA

LENGTH: 814 words


Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday indicated that
conditions for farm loan waiver in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana have not been
met and has warned against `moral hazard' brought about by such promises. RBI
has said that harvest data disproves claims made by both states and it is now
asking them, "where is the distress?" Speaking on the issue during his
bi-monthly monetary policy announcement here, Rajan said, "We have been quite
categorical on talking about waivers because it creates the possibility that
anticipating such waivers, the ultimate beneficiaries and those who think

they may have a chance of benefiting will stop paying."

He added that RBI had got some assurance that the scheme will not reward
nonpayers and won't encourage `moral hazard'. "But right now there is no scheme
on the table. I think there are statements and discussions but nothing has been
concrtetised," said Rajan.

According to the gover

nor, the central bank's master circular allows some loans to be restructured if
there is catastrophic weather or other damage. "Typically a rule of thumb has
been, if yields fall or are anticipated to fall below 50%, the district
collector can declare a state of emergency which triggers the possibilty of loan
restructruing," said Rajan. He added that while

such restructuring is voluntary for banks, RBI relaxes regulations and does not
force banks to treat them as non-performing assets.

"What has happened in AP and Telangana is that because of a variety of factors
no such emergency was declared and no request for restructuring was made and
subsequent to that we have had the full harvest come in.In this situation we had
the harvest after cylcone Phalin, so we asked for the numbers and are looking at
them. Prima facie it does not look like any of the districts have met the 50%
criteria," said Rajan. He added that while this was not a hard and fast rule
this was a rule of thumb adopted by RBI.

We are in discussion with the state governments to ask where exactly is the
distress, so that we can take more reasoned and focused view. It does not appear
to be from the production data that the cyclone had caused widespread damage,
but we need the governments to tell us how a more focused assessment can be
made," said Rajan.

The governor's statement comes at a time when banks are seeing rising defaults
in agri loans in AP and Telangana. Andhra Bank last week reported a 54% drop in
net profit last week after agri NPAs tripled following non-payment by farmers in
anticipation of a loan waiver.

However, both AP and Telangana said they will go ahead with the loan waiver even
if the RBI does not back it and urged the farmers not to panic due to the RBI's
stance.

"Crop loss due to Phailin is not the only factor for us to announce the loan
waiver.There were several other fac

tors including the low market rate after the crop was raised.Besides, it was a
poll promise and the TRS government intends to honour it. In fact, the RBI does
not know the ground reality. We will produce photographs and video of damaged
crops and convince the RBI governor. The farmers need not panic," said Telangana
chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao in reaction to the RBI governor's statement
while addressing a rally in Karimnagar on Tuesday evening.

On its part, AP disputed the RBI's assertion that there was no crop damage last
year

and before that. "Unseasonal rains and two cyclones \xAD Laila (May 2010), Jal
(Nov . 2010) hit the state in 2010-11. There was severe drought in 2011-12
affecting 22 out of the 23 districts. During 2012-13, cyclone Nilam (Nov . 2012
affected many districts and caused extensive damage. In 2013-14, there was
severe drought as well as unseasonal rains/cyclones in succession \xAD Phailin,
Helen and Lehar (Oct-Nov 2013) causing undue hardship to the farming community
," the AP government said in a letter to the RBI on Tuesday .AP government
sources too urged the farmers not to pan

ic and said it intends to honour its poll promise.

During the recent Assembly and general elections, Chandrababu Naidu and
Chandrasekhar Rao had promised farm loan waivers.While the farm loan waiver bill
in AP is pegged at Rs 87,000 crore, it is over Rs 40,000 crore in the new state.
On the massive non-payment problems in AP and Telangana, Rajan said even if some
package gets announced, the RBI will make sure that the nonpayers do not
benefit.

The AP government had last month announced that it would waive farm loans of up
to Rs 1.5 lakh per family , a move that is likely to result in a financial
burden of Rs 35,000 crore on the cashstarved state exchequer.

In addition, the government also decided to write off loans amounting to Rs
7,600 crore given to women selfhelp groups (SHGs). Another Rs 300 crore loans
given to weavers, scheduled castes and other small artisans, too would be
waived, chief minister Chandrababu Naidu had said.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Albert Lea Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 12, 2013 Friday

USDA declares Freeborn County as disaster area

BYLINE: Sarah Stultz, Albert Lea Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 412 words


July 12--Farmers eligible for low-interest loans

Qualified Freeborn County farmers who suffered damages or losses because of
weather-related conditions earlier this year are now eligible for low-interest
emergency loans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The USDA this week designated 20 counties in Minnesota -- including Freeborn,
Faribault, Mower and Steele counties -- as primary natural disaster areas
because of the combined effects of heavy rainfall followed by freezing
temperatures and multiple periods of thawing and refreezing from Jan. 1 through
May 15.

"Our hearts go out to those Minnesota farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and
rural communities through these difficult times."

Farmers in Worth and Winnebago counties in Iowa also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous.

The assistance will come from the USDA's Farm Service Agency provided
eligibility requirements are met.

The farmers in eligible counties have eight months from July 10 to apply for
loans to help cover part of their actual losses. The Farm Service Agency will
take into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment
ability.

Additional programs to assist farmers and ranchers are the Emergency
Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance and the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program.

"I am happy to see the Department of Agriculture stepping up for our
communities," said District 27 Sen. Dan Sparks. "This will be very beneficial to
many Minnesota families."

He said as the chairman of the Agriculture Committee in the Senate, he has heard
from many farming families that were hit hard by the tough conditions.

"It was a long and difficult winter and spring for Minnesota farmers."

Farmers can contact their local USDA service centers for further information on
eligibility requirements and application procedures. Or people can go online to
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

Freeborn County is also seeking a presidential disaster declaration for damages
sustained to public infrastructure from storms and flooding June 20-26.

___ (c)2013 the Albert Lea Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) Visit the Albert Lea
Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) at www.albertleatribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130712-1AL-USDA-declares-Freeborn-County-as-disaster-area-0712-20130712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AL


                       Copyright 2013 Albert Lea Tribune


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Delaware State News

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 18, 2007 Tuesday

Delaware farmers eligible for emergency drought loans

BYLINE: Nora Engel, Delaware State News, Dover

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 471 words


Sep. 18--DOVER -- For many people, a dark gray cloud followed by a heavy
downpour of rain would ruin a nice summer afternoon.

However, such a day would have been cause for celebration for local farmers this
past season.

"The drought was devastating. I suffered a 90 percent reduction of my corn and
soybean crops," said Richard Wilkins, a farmer from Harrington and board member
of the Kent County Farm Bureau. "Not in recent memory have I suffered such a
loss."

Wilkins said he was grateful to have crop insurance, although he said it won't
make up completely for the loss.

He said it will pay the difference between what he actually has and 70 percent
of what a normal crop would have been.

The farmers who did not invest in crop insurance might be happy to learn that
the U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns approved Gov. Ruth Ann
Minner's request to issue a drought disaster designation as a result of
significant crop losses due to the drought.

This means Delaware farmers will be eligible for low-interest emergency loans
from the Farm Service Agency.

A bad crop season not only impacts farmers, but also the poultry industry.

According to figures from the Delmarva Poultry Industry, 78 million bushels of
corn and 28 million bushels of soybeans were needed in 2006 to feed chickens on
Delmarva.

The trade group's figures said last year's feed bill on Delmarva totaled more
than $518 million.

It said Delmarva-produced chicken is shipped to nearly three dozen states and
many foreign nations.

Wilkins said farmers without crop insurance will probably need to apply for a
loan and should apply for crop insurance next year.

"You have to have water for the plants to grow, and this past season those of us
who don't have an irrigation system had a substantial loss," he said.

"A lot of the hay fields died from lack of moisture. And we had some problems
with spider mites in the soybeans. We tried to use treatments but they just
couldn't withstand the dry heat."

The USDA determined that all three counties in the state qualified as a primary
natural disaster area due to crop losses from heat and drought.

Wilkins said he wanted to buy an irrigation system this year, but because of his
recent financial loss, he said he will have to put that plan on hold for another
year.

For more information on the drought declaration or the low-interest emergency
loans, contact the Farm Service Agency at 678-4250.

To see more of Delaware State News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newszap.com/dover Copyright (c) 2007, Delaware State News, Dover
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070918-DS-FARMERS-AID-20070918

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DS


                       Copyright 2007 Delaware State News


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 29, 2007 Sunday

USDA cites 29 Missouri counties as disaster areas

BYLINE: St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 296 words


Jul. 29--The USDA has designated 29 counties in Missouri as primary natural
disaster areas because of losses caused by excessive rain and flood damage that
occurred from May 5 through May 12.

Northwest Missouri counties eligible for assistance are:

The USDA also approved funding for counties bordering those which received heavy
damage, including Grundy and Mercer in Missouri, Atchison and Doniphan in Kansas
and Richardson in Nebraska.

All qualified farm operators in the designated areas are eligible for low
interest emergency loans from USDAs Farm Service Agency, provided eligibility
requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the
date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual
losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into
account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability.

USDA has made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers, including
the Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance and the Noninsured
Crop Disaster Assistance Program.

Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for the
programs. Information is available online at:
www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=diap&topic=landing.

To see more of the St. Joseph News-Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.stjoenews-press.com. Copyright (c) 2007, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070729-JM-NATURAL-DISASTER-AREAS-20070729

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2007 St. Joseph News-Press


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 31, 2012

FSA provides assistance to livestock producers

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 291  words


Lawrence Rael, State Executive Director for the New Mexico State Farm Service
Agency (FSA) today announced that special provisions will made to the FSA
emergency loan program and to the Risk Management Agency (RMA) federal crop
insurance program in order to provide greater flexibility for livestock
producers facing forage and feed shortages as a resalt of drought.

On August 22, 2012, Secretary Vilsack announced that modifications will be made
to the emergency loan program allowing them to be made earlier in the season. In
the past, emergency loan eligibility was determined after the production cycle.
Producers will no longer have to wait until the end of the production cycle to
obtain a loan. This change will support producers who currently need assistance
to help offset high production costs.

Vilsack also announced that a special provision will be made to the federal crop
insurance program through RMA that will allow producers to hay or graze cover
crops without forfeiting crop insurance eligibility on planted 2013 spring
crops. This change is beneficial to livestock producers making forage and feed
available this fall and winter. However, before making any plans to plant crop
cover, producers should consult with their insurance agent, according to RMA.

"Adding more flexibility to current program requirements will make much needed
assistance more readily available to producers affected by disaster," said Rael.
"These changes in particular should benefit livestock producers who are facing
higher feed costs or are at risk of liquidating their herd due to the drought,"
he said.

For more information regarding special provisions to the emergency loan program,
please contact your local County FSA office or visit www.fsa.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Livestock & Poultry

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 Hidalgo County Herald


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

Durbin, Kirk Announce Federal Disaster Declaration In Six Eastern Illinois
Counties

LENGTH: 288  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Dick Durbin, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Dick Durbin (D-IL) and Mark Kirk (R-IL) today announced that the
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has declared six counties in Eastern
Illinois federal disaster areas following severe hail storms on May 21st that
damaged the region's strawberry crop. Today's declaration ensures that farmers
in Vermilion, Champaign, Douglas, Edgar, Ford and Iroquois counties will be
eligible to apply for loans from the Farm Service Agency (FSA), a division of
the USDA.

"Today's federal disaster declaration will help Illinois farmers whose
strawberry crops were destroyed by severe, powerful hail early this summer. This
declaration will give a helping hand to farmers whose crops are wiped out due to
extreme weather and forces outside their control," Durbin said.

"Having seen firsthand the damage a natural disaster can cause families and
farmers in a small town, I applaud the Department of Agriculture for making this
opportunity available to our Illinois farmers," Senator Kirk said. "This
declaration will provide needed economic relief to those whose strawberry crops
were affected by May's hail storm."

Though the storm severely damaged strawberry fields, farmers are eligible to
apply for loans no matter what crop they grow. Farmers in the affected counties
will have eight months to apply for emergency loans from the FSA. FSA considers
each emergency loan application on its own merits, taking into account the
extent of production losses on the farm, and the security and repayment ability
of the operator.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 11, 2010 Saturday

Disaster designation for Ottawa County over spring freeze, crop loss

BYLINE: Mark Brooky, Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 533 words


Dec. 11--Ottawa County farmers may be eligible for emergency federal loans to
recoup losses related to a spring chill.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Friday that it has designated 32
Michigan counties as primary natural disaster areas due to losses caused by
frost and freezing weather that occurred March 1 through May 16.

Carlos Garcia-Salazar, a small-fruit educator for the Michigan State University
Extension office in Ottawa County, said some fields in the county at the
beginning of the growing season were seriously affected by frost.

"Especially those related to early-season varieties," he said. "Some had 20- to
30-percent losses in some cases."

Bill Smith, the county's emergency services manager, said the USDA's
designations of disaster areas often lag behind the actual event for many
months. In this case, he said the agency waits until after harvest time for
evaluation of the impact from an event to "compare what should have been and the
end-results."

"President Obama and I understand these conditions caused severe damage to field
crops as well as a wide variety of specialty fruit and vegetable crops, and we
want to help," U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in Friday's press
release. "This action will provide help to hundreds of farmers who suffered
significant production losses."

Muskegon, Kent and Allegan counties were also named as primary natural disaster
areas for the frost and freeze period.

Sue McIntosh of the USDA's office in Grand Haven Township said farmers who can
document crop production losses of at least 30 percent during the period should
apply for the emergency loans from the federal department's Farm Service Agency.
The loans can be used to restore or replace property associated with the
disaster period, and can sometimes refinance debt, McIntosh explained. Producers
can borrow up to $500,000 in actual production or physical losses at a
3.75-percent interest rate.

The local Farm Service Agency office can be reached at 842-5852.

In a separate announcement on Friday, the USDA designated 36 Michigan counties
-- as well as extreme northern Indiana and Ohio -- as primary natural disaster
areas due to losses from severe storms "that began Jan. 22 and continues." While
Ottawa County was not named as a primary area, farmers and ranchers in the
county may be eligible for loans for that designation because Ottawa County is
adjacent to three counties that were named primary areas: Muskegon, Kent and
Allegan.

In a third disaster area designation announcement on Friday, the USDA said it
will make emergency loans available for 21 Michigan counties, two northern
Indiana counties and a small portion of Wisconsin for "unseasonably warm late
winter and early spring temperatures that began Jan. 1." West Michigan was not
included in that designation.

Online:

http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov

To see more of the Grand Haven Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.grandhaventribune.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101211-NA-Disaster-designation-for-Ottawa-County-over-spring-freeze-crop-loss-
1211-20101211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NA


                                 Copyright 2010


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            July 20, 2005 Wednesday
                           Lake Edition; Cook Edition

Land's dry, and the crops are in trouble Farmers soon may need to ask for aid

BYLINE: Mick Zawislak, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 450 words


Searing heat and drought conditions are wrecking Lake County crops, scorching
corn from the ground up and causing thirsty spider mites to attack soybeans.

The conditions are intensifying at a crucial time when corn is pollinating to
form kernels on the cob and soybeans have begun to flower. At this point, half
the crop may be lost and farm bureau officials are exploring extraordinary
measures to seek relief for farmers.

"I honestly can't tell you what's keeping it going," said Pete Tekampe, Fremont
Township supervisor, who farms 750 acres of corn. "I don't know if we're going
to get any pollination."

An assessment last week showed as much as half of the corn and 40 percent of
Lake County's soybean crops are damaged.

Soybeans are just coming into blossom, but spider mites are invading the plants
seeking what little moisture is available.

"It just looks awful. The outlook for our crop this season is bleak," said Greg
Koeppen, Lake County Farm Bureau manager. He said Lake County is among the worst
hit in a widening drought affecting Illinois and parts of Iowa, Indiana and
Wisconsin.

"I describe our corn field in Lake County like a pineapple field in Hawaii," he
said. Corn should be 6 feet tall by now but is far short. "The leaves are
turning brown and dying. It's called firing."

Like his counterparts in many other counties, Koeppen already has applied for
low-interest loans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture. He also has been
talking with Lake County's Emergency Management Agency regarding other options.

That agency is best known for assisting in floods, tornadoes and other natural
disasters.

"If there's another avenue, I'm going to find it," said Dave Christensen,
director of the county's Emergency Management Agency. "But everything I've been
told by the state is we're following the protocol."

Koeppen contacted Christensen after learning of Will County's "proclamation of
agricultural emergency" issued Tuesday. That asks the Illinois Emergency
Management Agency to ask the federal government for grants and loans.

Christensen said he was uncertain whether anything beyond the normal channels
was available, and that Will County's action was more to bring attention to the
problem.

Besides farmers, the drought is causing private wells to dry up, he said, adding
another layer of concern.

Meanwhile, Lake County farmers like Scott Petersen are trying to buck up,
knowing the best seed, equipment and care means little at this point.

"It kind of takes the steam out of you," said Petersen, whose family has been
farming for generations and currently cultivates about 1,600 acres.

"It's just Mother Nature threw us a curve we can't dodge," he said.

"We'll make it. We'll never give up."

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: lcdrought-1ne071905sl Lake County farmers say the size of an average
ear of corn is about half that of what it was last year at this time, with the
critical pollination stage beginning. Steve Lundy/Daily Herald

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Lovell Chronicle (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 7, 2010

County designated natural disaster area;
Farmers eligible for assistance programs

BYLINE: BY BRAD DEVEREAUX

LENGTH: 779  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture designated Big Horn and Park Counties in
Wyoming as a primary natural disaster area due to losses caused by an early
freeze that occurred during the period of Oct. 6-13, 2009.

Farm operators in Fremont, Johnson, Teton, Hot Springs, Sheridan and Washakie
counties in Wyoming also qualify for natural disaster assistance because their
counties are contiguous along with Big Horn, Carbon, Gallatin and Park counties
in Montana.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Monday, Jan. 4,
2010, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), if
eligibility requirements are met.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider
each loan application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of
losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has variety of programs,
in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible farmers recover from
adversity.

USDA has also made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program (SURE), which was approved
as part of the Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008; the Emergency
Conservation Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the Nonin-sured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program (NAP).

To be eligible for SURE, farmers must have every insurable crop on their farm
insured with federal insurance, according to Bryan Schoenfelder of the BHCFSA
office in Greybull. Farmers will not be eligible to sign up for SURE in regard
to losses incurred in 2009 until the fall of 2010, he said, because the program
looks at national averages that are calculated after the entire crop is sold.

Interested farmers may contact the Big Horn County FSA Office at (307) 765-2663
for further information on eligibility requirements and application procedures
for SURE and other programs. Additional information is also available online at:
http://disaster.fsa.usda. gov.

For more information on EM loans, Lovell area farmers should contact the farm
loan department at the Park County FSA office in Powell at 754-9411.

REQUESTING THE DECLARATION

The Big Horn County Commissioners voted Tuesday, Oct. 20, 2009, to send a letter
and resolution to Governor Dave Freudenthal seeking a disaster declaration to
assist sugar beet, dry beans and alfalfa seed growers.

In a letter dated Oct. 23, Gov. Freudenthal asked Secretary of Agriculture
Thomas Vilsack for assistance in securingan agri-business disaster designation
in Big Horn, Park, Platte and Sheridan Counties.

Gov. Freudenthal released a statement Monday, thanking Vilsack for approving the
disaster declaration request the governor made in October.

"Secretary Vilsack's action restores some measure of confidence to agricultural
producers in Wyoming that suffered from severe weather in 2009," the governor
said.

"We were pained to watch, week after week in late 2009, the unfolding problems
with the sugar beet harvest in the Big Horn Basin. A harvest estimated to be the
largest ever was decimated by a freeze in early October," the Governor said.
"These disaster declarations are only one step in a long process of recovery for
many farmers in the state. But they represent an important step, which opens
doors for affected producers to begin seeking federal aid."

The USDA also declared Platte County in southeast Wyoming a primary natural
disaster area after hailstorms caused widespread damage to crops in the county.
Albany, Converse, Goshen, Laramie and Niobrara counties have been named
contiguous disaster counties.

Senator John Barras-so (R-Wyo.) issued a statement Tuesday regarding the
disaster declaration.

"The USDA's disaster designation recognizes that farmers and ranchers in the Big
Horn Basin faced tough times in 2009. Severe frosts in early October have taken
a significant toll on Wyoming producers," Barrasso said. "I'm pleased to see
that farmers and ranchers in the designated counties will get the help they
need,"

Ric Rodriguez, a Park County farmer and the vice chairman of the Western Sugar
Board of Directors, said he didn't know much about the emergency loan programs
Tuesday, but added, "anything is going to help."

He said it has been difficult for Lovell district farmers this year. However,
refined sugar has been selling at estimated record bulk prices of $38 to $40 per
ton, Rodriguez said, which will help farmers receive solid payments for the
beets they were able to harvest. He said two years ago, refined sugar was
selling in the $25 range.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regional Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LOV

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 The Lovell Chronicle


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

WASHINGTON WATCH: IBAA Lends a Hand To Victims of Flooding

                             July 16, 1993, Friday

By BILL ATKINSON


THE INDEPENDENT BANKERS Association of America and five affiliated state banking
trade groups are recruiting members to bail out flood victims in the Midwest.

The bankers are helping farmers, business owners, and homeowners whose property
has been damaged by the flood fill out complicated government forms to get
federal disaster relief.

"We decided we should move ahead and do something to help out," said IBAA
president James R. Lauffer, chairman and chief executive of First National Bank
of Herminie, Irwin, Pa. "This is a case of neighbor helping neighbor."

The effort, dubbed "Operation Good Neighbor," began a week ago when the
Washington-based trade group started working with its Wisconsin affiliate. From
there the effort expanded to Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, and Missouri.

The IBAA is supplying its affiliates with phone numbers of disaster field
offices set up by the government and the names of the people running the
offices. It has also provided the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the
Small Business Administration with the names and phone numbers of its
affiliates.

"What we are trying to do is get our people in the field as much information as
possible," said Herb Spira, the IBAA's tax specialist.

In Wisconsin, about a dozen bankers have signed on to help, said Heidi Sabel,
spokeswoman for the Independent Community Bankers Association of Wisconsin.

Ms. Sabel said the trade group sent out facsimile messages to members last week,
notifying them that the SBA was looking for bankers to process loans.

"It's more of a service to them (government officials), so they don't have to go
out knocking on doors," she said.

Ms. Sabel said more bankers are likely to join the effort, and more may have
already been recruited by government officials. The affiliates are looking for
bankers who can quickly help flood victims fill out federal loan applications to
get funds to the hardest-hit areas.

There are several kinds of loans available to flood victims, including
low-interest SBA loans to repair houses, rebuild and restart businesses, and
repair public facilities.  Alternatives for Family Farmers

Family farmers can also apply for low-interest Farmers Home Loan Administration
emergency farm loans, 20-year farm loans at 4.5% interest to cover crop losses,
and for loan forgiveness up to $300,000.

Ronald Ence, the IBAA's director of agricultural finance, who spends about 25%
of his time on the project, said filling out the forms is a daunting task. And
answers from the government can take weeks or months when there are mistakes.

"If you are not used to dealing with federal red tape and federal requirements,
it (filling out the forms) can really be a scary situation," he said. "The
bankers are able to cut through mistakes and get the application completed."

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 473 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lauffer, photo

                      Copyright 1993 American Banker, Inc.


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 14, 1981, Saturday, Final Edition

Farm Bill Gets New Provisions;
Conferees Support Embargo Protections 6

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A2

LENGTH: 639 words


Warnings echoed that they were going too far, but congressional conferees backed
a series of steps yesterday to protect farmers from export embargoes, elevator
bankruptcies and economic emergencies.

The big addition to the new farm bill, still several days from completion, was a
plan that could cost as much as $30 billion if a major agricultural embargo were
declared.

That provision, along with an emergency loan program that was reauthorized,
brought new warnings that a final version of the four-year bill will meet
additional resistance in Congress and at the White House over money and policy
issues.

The conference chairman, Sen. Jesse Helms (R-N.C.), said he was increasingly
concerned and that the conferees may have to go back and scale down other
program costs.

Added Sen. Robert J. Dole (R-Kan.): "We have to get the genie back in the bottle
. . . . We have got to take another look at sugar, peanuts, sunflowers and so
forth."

The White House has indicated it wants a bill that costs less than the Senate
version, but the conferees have added about $250 million in commodity outlays
over the life of the bill, according to the Agriculture Department.

The newest element of budgetary concern arose yesterday with a one-year
extension of loan guarantees up to $600 million for farm emergencies, under a
proposal by Sen. Thad Cochran (R-Miss.).

The administration's representative at the conference, USDA economist William
Lesher, told the conferees they were "adding another problem" to the bill with
the extended credit scheme.

Costs of that program, however, would be minimal compared with the potential
expense of the embargo protections. Lesher said the administration wasn't
concerned, repeating its pledge never to impose a selective embargo on
agricultural exports.

But the conferees, recalling similar pledges from the Carter administration
before its partial embargo on grain sales to the Soviet Union, were buying no
promises.

They argued bitterly among themselves for several days, then yesterday bought a
Senate provision that would require loans and direct payments to farmers if any
major agricultural embargo were declared for national security or foreign policy
reasons.

That action came in the wake of two Senate votes late Thursday on trade
embargoes. One would give Congress 60 days to veto any selective embargoes after
1984. The other would authorize a total trade embargo in the event of Soviet or
Warsaw Pact military action against Poland.

USDA estimated that the conferees' compensation plan for farmers could cost
between $10 billion and $30 billion, but Lesher said no one should worry
"because we're not going to have any selective embargo."

Despite his assurances, even Republicans were skeptical. Rep. William M. Thomas
(R-Calif.) argued that the language would give farmers a "windfall" and he tried
without luck to have the national-security and foreign-policy stipulations
stricken.

Another Republican, Sen. Roger W. Jepsen of Iowa, accused Thomas of "trying to
pull the wool over peoples' eyes." He said the amendment would strip the
provision of meaning. "With this," he said tartly, " Secretary of State Al Haig
obviously has done his homework overnight."

Thomas was voted down and the House conferees then voted 10 to 3 for the
Senate's tougher language, as Rep. Paul Findley (R-Ill.) predicted it "will rank
even higher in urban members' eyes than sugar or peanuts as another reason to
defeat this bill."

In another stretching of the safety net for farmers, the conferees accepted an
amendment by Dole that would give farmers preferential federal help if they have
grain stored in bankrupt elevators. Dole said the problem is growing in the
Midwest because court rulings have prevented farmers from regaining access to
their grain while litigation goes on.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Conference Chairman Helms, Rep. E. (Kika) de la Garza discuss
four-year farm bill, still several days from completion. By James K. W. Atherton
-- The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1981 The Washington Post


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Clovis Livestock Market News (New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 17, 2010

Eddy, Chaves, Otero on USDA alfalfa disaster list

BYLINE: Clovis Livestock Market News staff

LENGTH: 276  words


WASHINGTON - The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated Eddy County in
New Mexico as a natural disaster area due to adverse weather conditions that
resulted in an outbreak of alfalfa cutworm occurring June 30 - July 31, 2010.

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in New Mexico also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous: Chaves, Lea,
and Otero.

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Texas also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous: Culberson, Loving and
Reeves.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Sept. 14, 2010,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

USDA also has made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program (SURE), which was approved
as part of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008; the Emergency
Conservation Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service
Centers for further information.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVM

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2010 Clovis Livestock Market News


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Lake County Leader, Polson, Mont.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 16, 2015 Thursday

Lake County added to statewide disaster list for drought relief

BYLINE: Trip Burns, Lake County Leader, Polson, Mont.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 874 words


July 16--Lake County officials will request that Gov. Steve Bullock declare the
county a "Natural Disaster," due to the extreme weather and damage to
commodities this season.

The Lake County commissioners will soon send the paperwork to the governor's
office to be eligible for relief through the Farm Services Agency.

Jack Stivers, an agent at the Montana State University's extension office and
liaison between the commissioners and the state government, said that enough
damage has been done to warrant such a request. "I don't think the rain will
stop anything," he said.

Stivers said he will complete the necessary paperwork referencing low yield
percentages of crops from the drought but also the late freezes in spring.

"The button's been pushed," he said. The next step will be sending the paperwork
to the commissioners, who will then send a formal request to Bullock.

The severity of the drought means that the nine counties in Montana might be
eligible for assistance from the Farm Service Agency. The assistance would be in
the form of emergency loans to farmers in the area. The assistance is the result
of such counties being declared in a "Natural Disaster" status by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture secretary Thomas Vilsack, in accordance with section
321(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act.

The Department of Natural Resources and Conservation have been in contact with
the county commissioners whose counties are designated "Extreme Drought" by the
U.S. Drought Monitor. On July 16 Lt. Gov. Angela McClain will meet in Helena
with leaders of affected counties to see if the severity warrants a natural
disaster.

If Lake County is designated a natural disaster, farmers will have eight months
to apply for emergency loans. Farmers are encouraged to consult with nearby Farm
Service Agency offices.

If approved, the Farm Service Agency will contact the commissioners for the
logistics of emergency money being given to those affected, Stivers said.

Weekend rain helped to bring moisture and relief to the land, but not enough to
bring Lake County and the Flathead Indian Reservation out of the drought
affecting the area and Northwest Montana.

Last week the National Weather Service moved Lake County and nearby counties to
the category of "Extreme Drought." The National Weather Service divides the
weather designation into five categories: Abnormally Dry, Moderate Drought,
Extreme Drought, and Exceptional Drought. Lake County conditions were designated
as "Moderate Drought" for over a month.

Montana also has different classifications and has Lake County listed as "Severe
Drought," the highest level of drought. The department of Natural Resources and
Conservation designated nine other counties as such: Silver Bow, Deer Lodge,
Granite, Powell, Mineral, Sanders, Lake, Flathead and Lincoln.

The weather phenomenon El Nino, during which warm winds from the Pacific Ocean
flow inland as part of a pattern, is one of the main reasons why Lake County and
Northwest Montana are experiencing the drought, according to meteorologist Jeff
Kitsmiller at the National Weather Service in Missoula.

Montana's overall dryness is due to Pacific winds blowing weather systems north
and south of the Mission mountains, Kitsmiller said, but El Nino pushes the
weather systems further north and south.

During these times, rainfall is much needed here in the valley, but predicting
where and when is difficult, he said.

"There isn't a good signal whether it will be dry or wet during the summertime,"
he said.

July could be a month with above average precipitation, which will help not only
with water usage and dryness, but also help stop the spread of dangerous
wildfires.

"We've got some pretty good weather systems coming up," he said.

Predicting how dry the winter will be remains uncertain, but there are data
indicators that meteorologists use to determine the effects of dry weather, not
just El Nino.

Last September, when the first signals of El Nino were appearing, the National
Weather service predicted a drier than usual winter for Lake County. As a
consequence of El Nino, the Mission Valley experienced milder temperatures and
reduced snowpack.

Kitsmiller said the current El Nino pattern, which started last September,
usually lasts 15 months, and will also affect the snowpack during this upcoming
winter, mostly during the months of December, January, and February. The
previous El Nino that caused reduced snowpack occurred during the 2009-2010
winters.

Lake County's reservoirs such as the Mission reservoir in St. Ignatius and the
Pablo reservoir are currently showing signs of fatigue, causing water
restrictions such as two weeks ago, when water usage was restricted and rotated
for over a week in parts of the valley.

Irrigators began using water from the reservoirs weeks earlier than usual to use
on crops, due to the unusually warm temperatures in spring, coupled with the
mild winter preceding it.

Visit www.drought.gov for updated information provided by the state with
in-depth resources for Lake County and other counties affected by the drought.

___ (c)2015 the Lake County Leader (Polson, Mont.) Visit the Lake County Leader
(Polson, Mont.) at www.leaderadvertiser.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150716-1LM-Lake-County-added-to-statewide-disaster-list-for-drought-relief-071
6-20150716

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LM


                       Copyright 2015 Lake County Leader


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 29, 1981 Thursday

Farmers urge Cabinet   to declare emergency

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 406 words


The Ontario Government should declare an immediate state of emergency to
 cope with the economic crisis in farming, agricultural leaders have told
 the Cabinet.

Ralph Barrie, president of the Ontario Federation of Agriculture, told
 Government ministers that record rainfall has delayed the corn harvest and
 ruined many crops, worsening problems caused by high interest rates and
 low prices.
    'There are many desperate, disillusioned farmers out there who have
 been counting on this harvest to make ends meet. All this adds up to a
 depressing and intolerable situation," Mr. Barrie said.

To help farmers over the crisis, the group said, the province should
 provide interest-subsidized loans based on need. A federation brief said
 all farmers should be eligible for interest assistance on bank loans
 issued at rates of more than 12 per cent.

The group said statistics showing farmers are not in trouble are not
 accurate. A recent survey of bankers said that only 0.5 per cent of
 Canadian farmers are in financial difficulty, and Ontario Agriculture
 Minister Lorne Henderson has said only one per cent of the province's
 farmers are in trouble.

With net farm income in Ontario down 29.5 per cent in 1980 over 1979,
 there are obviously many more farmers in serious difficulty, Mr. Barrie
 said. 'If the bankers' association survey . . . shows 1,000 farmers in
 dire straits, I would be inclined to multiply that by ten to get a truer
 indication of the problem."
    Premier William Davis told the farm group he does not need to be
 persuaded that farmers are facing significant problems. However, he said,
 a major cause of those problems - high interest rates - is a federal
 responsibility.
    'It is not a case of just passing the buck . . . . Since last March, I
 have been pressing for a meeting of first ministers on economic issues and
 interest rates as they affect homeowners, farmers and business," Mr. Davis
 said.

The province wants to be selective in any aid to farmers, and a plan to
 help young farmers has not been rejected, he said.

The farmers said they badly need aid from the province, not just
 'token handouts." The federation brief said that although Ontario has
 better soil and climate than Quebec, Quebec farmers' incomes rose in 1980,
 while Ontario farmers earned less.
    'We contend the major reason was that Quebec farmers were protected to
 a greater degree from the high interest rates in 1980 than Ontario
 farmers," the brief said.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           November 17, 2005 Thursday

Chinese province gets special loan to help fight bird flu pandemic

LENGTH: 251 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News
Agency)

Urumqi, 17 November: China Development Bank (CDB) Xinjiang Branch announced
Thursday [17 November] that it had provided Urumqi, one of the two counties
reported with bird flu case in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, northwest
China, with 5m yuan (616,500 US dollars) in emergency loan to combat the avian
pandemic there.

Hao Gang, deputy head of the office with the CDB Xinjiang Branch, said they were
also discussing details of providing emergency loans to Zepu County, the other
county in Xinjiang also spotted with bird flu case, with representatives of the
relevant county departments.

By August, CDB has granted 260m yuan of short-term emergency loans across China
since the latter half of 2003, when it began granting loan support to meet a
urgent demand cropping up in infrastructure, basic industries, backbone
industries and its supportive projects following various kinds of emergencies.

The Chinese Ministry of Agriculture (MOA) Tuesday disclosed that China's
National Avian Flu Reference Laboratory had found the deadly H5N1 strain of bird
flu in the dead fowls sent from some family farms in Zepu and Urumqi counties,
both in southern Xinjiang.

In the two counties hit by the bird flu pandemic, 322,500 domestic fowls within
a radius of three km have been culled, and poultry and products markets within
10 kms have been closed, said the ministry.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 0717 gmt 17 Nov 05

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2005 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            October 16, 1999, FINAL

Disaster program to help Alberta farmers struck by drought: Adverse weather
conditions over the past few years have taken a toll on many farm families.

BYLINE: Ashley Geddes

SECTION: News; B2

LENGTH: 492 words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


EDMONTON -- Hundreds of drought-stricken Alberta farms will be saved by a new
provincial $100-million-a-year disaster program, say agriculture and government
representatives.

Apart from saving many farms outright, the program will bring emergency relief
of varying degrees to an estimated 10,000 to 12,000 producers, says Agriculture
Minister Ty Lund.

The province unveiled the program Thursday as a mixture of low-interest loans
and direct financial disaster relief for northern Alberta.

Lund said adverse weather conditions over the past few years, coupled with low
commodity prices for grain and hogs, have taken a toll on many Alberta farm
families. He said some farms were facing extinction without some immediate
assistance.

Rod Scarlett, executive director of the Wild Rose Agricultural Producers
association of farmers and ranchers, endorsed Lund's estimate that the program
may save hundreds of farms.

Scarlett said his organization was hoping for a more generous assistance
program. But he called the package ''a step in the right direction,'' adding
producers remain hopeful Ottawa will soon be forthcoming with financial relief
for western farmers as well.

''This program helps but there's still more that could be done,'' said Scarlett.

Lund agreed, acknowledging that the new dollars are aimed at a short-term remedy
but ''in the long term this will probably fall short.''

Still, Lund said the Conservative caucus decided many farmers in the northwest,
northeast and Peace regions of the province are in a crisis situation and
require help.

Agriculture is the province's second biggest industry with one in three people
employed directly or indirectly in spin-off businesses, Lund said.

Currently 24 municipalities are considered disaster areas due to drought, with
another three or four regions plagued by severe drought conditions.

The government estimates that in the worst-hit areas, 3. 7 million cropland
acres out of a total of 5.4 million acres are hit by drought-related stress.
Another 4.1 million acres out of 5.9 million hay and pasture lands are also
suffering severe drought difficulties.

''So there are real problems,'' said Lund. ''When you look at the value of
agriculture in this province, I think it's really important to maintain that
base.''

He said there are two groups requiring help -- those with severe cash-flow
problems needing immediate assistance and those with intermediate difficulties.

The new assistance involves expansion of existing farm income disaster relief
and loan programs.

Under the loan program, farmers who have suffered severe income loss in at least
two of the past three years qualify for loans of up to $100,000 for individuals
or up to $300,000 for three or more people operating a farm together.

The interest rate will be five per cent amortized over 12 years. Interest and
principle payments are deferred for the first two years.


LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      July 30, 2004 Friday JERSEY EDITION

Farmers may lose half their crop;
A federal report puts flood damage at more than $2 million.
But the extent of crop losses won't be seen until fall harvest.

BYLINE: Frank Kummer INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 526 words


Farmers growing the most vulnerable crops in recently flooded areas could lose
half their harvest, according to a federal report released yesterday.

In all, the July 12 flood caused more than $2 million in damage to farm
buildings, equipment and land, according to the report prepared by the USDA's
Farm Service Agency.

But dollar losses to crops are separate and not yet calculated. Officials say
the full extent of that loss won't be known until the fall harvest.

Still, farmers in the flood zone, mostly in Burlington County, are already
reporting roughly 50 percent losses in a variety of fruits and vegetables.

The most vulnerable crops would be those lowest to the ground, such as
cranberries and tomatoes. Among the hardest-hit areas are Pemberton, Tabernacle,
Southampton and Medford.

The state's Agriculture Department released the information yesterday from the
federal report.

Paul Hlubik, executive director of the state's Farm Service Agency office, said
that the damage, however, was "not a blow to the industry as a whole."

"This was devastating to a few farmers in isolated areas," he said, "but it's
not devastating to the industry."

The storm dumped more than a foot of rain in some areas and sent 800 people from
their homes. Last week, state officials said it had caused at least $50 million
in property damage throughout Burlington and Camden Counties. That did not
include the newly released farm damage figure.

Jeff Beach, a state agriculture department spokesman, said that Burlington
County farms took the biggest hit and sustained about $1.75 million in land and
farm equipment damage. Camden County suffered to a lesser degree.

The damage, for example, came in the form of erosion, washed-out dams and
collapsed walls at irrigation ponds.

At least seven cranberry farms were affected, making them among the hardest-hit.
The names of those farms were not released.

"In what has otherwise been a banner year for crops in New Jersey, this
localized event in Burlington and Camden Counties has made us all aware of the
unpredictable impact weather can have on our agricultural industry," said state
Agriculture Secretary Charles M. Kuperus.

The state Agriculture Department has mailed letters to 380 farmers so far,
notifying them of the availability of aid.

President Bush has declared parts of Burlington and Camden Counties federal
disaster areas, which made farmers eligible to apply for emergency loans at 3.75
percent interest through the Farm Service Agency.

Contact staff writer Frank Kummer at 856-779-3220 or fkummer@phillynews.com.

How to Get Aid for Flooded Farms

Federal emergency loans of 3.75 percent through the Farm Service Agency,
609-267-1639.

Cost-share services on a 50-50 basis for farms permanently preserved or in the
eight-year agricultural commitment under the Farmland Preservation Program.
Division of Agricultural and Natural Resources,

609-292-5532.

Dam repair loans at 2 percent interest from New Jersey Department of
Environmental Protection, 609-984-0859.

For other information, call the Federal Emergency Management Agency,
1-800-462-7585.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                      March 10, 2002 Sunday, Final Edition

Tapping into disaster aid takes creativity;
The federal agency charged with emergencies has never dealt with drought. But
there are funds out there.

BYLINE: BART JANSEN Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1696 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The broad relief that the Federal Emergency Management Agency provides victims
of floods, hurricanes and other natural disasters may be unavailable to
communities ravaged by a drought that extends from Maine to Florida. Instead,
the U.S. Department of Agriculture is taking the lead role in drought relief.
But the grants and loans that the USDA provides are generally aimed at helping
with crop damage. The agency does not deal with such problems as aiding
communities that run out of potable water, a growing issue in Maine towns that
rely on wells or reservoirs.

Federal statute authorizes FEMA to assist in disasters that overwhelm state
resources, including "hurricane, tornado, storm, high water, wind-driven water,
tidal wave, tsunami, earthquake, volcanic eruption, landslide, mudslide,
snowstorm or drought."

Money has poured from the agency in times of great need. FEMA has spent $1.8
billion to $4.3 billion a year during the last decade on disasters such as the
Northridge earthquake in California and the Red River floods in the Midwest.
Agriculture's domain

But the agency has never handled drought as a disaster.

"Never," said Janice Melton, a regional FEMA spokesman. "FEMA hasn't
historically been involved because it has fallen under the direction of
agriculture, except when it affects unemployment."

FEMA's lack of experience in this area concerns Maine officials because the
agency historically has broad powers to deploy ample assistance. FEMA has the
authority to pay up to 75 percent of certain costs a community suffers in a
declared emergency.

At issue in Maine and other states is a drought that started in 2001 and is
causing mounting hardship. Private and community wells in some parts of Maine
have run dry. The town of York is considering a proposal to buy water from
neighboring communities as its surface water supply runs low. State legislators
are facing emergency bills to waive the sales tax on bottled water and to
streamline the permitting process for homeowners to have companies drill
additional wells on their properties.

Maine, New Jersey and South Carolina are being particularly hard hit by the dry
spell, though states along the Eastern Seaboard are experiencing problems.

Melton declined to speculate on whether FEMA could find a way to aid states with
drought relief in 2002.

Even without financial assistance, Maine officials say they appreciated FEMA's
interest in drought conditions here. The agency last week sent three officials
to meet with members of a state drought task force that monitors local relief
efforts.

"It was two days of mutual education," said Lynette Miller, a spokeswoman for
the Maine Emergency Management Agency.
Creative federal help

Federal officials meanwhile have found several creative ways to help Mainers
cope with the ongoing drought. The different streams of funding mostly pay for
drilling wells where water supplies have run dry.

The obscure funding programs flow from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and
the Department of Housing and Urban Development.

If Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman declares a farm emergency for the drought,
the result will be low-interest loans for farmers and not the kind of broad
relief that FEMA provides.

Gov. Angus King wrote Veneman a letter Jan. 14 requesting a disaster
declaration. Part of the justification was damage that crops suffered last year
and part was in anticipation of dry weather for the rest of 2002. A decision is
expected soon.

"We're expecting to hear any day," said Dave Lavway, state director of the Farm
Service Agency, which coordinates disaster relief. "I think the awareness is
beginning to hit that we might have a problem for the next year or so."

If Veneman declares a farm disaster, farmers could borrow up to $500,000 at 3.75
percent over seven years to cover damage from the drought.
Livestock farmers hit

In a survey two weeks ago, officials heard from 102 livestock farmers in Maine
who reported problems with dry wells or slow recharge. Dairy cows drink a lot of
water.

"Anecdotally, we have heard that they are coming in a lot more in the last week
or so," said Brent Mullis, program specialist for the Farm Service Agency.

Farm officials notified a state drought task force Thursday about approval of a
$400,000 grant program that will match farmer costs to install wells or water
pipelines. This conservation program will pay 64 percent of a farmer's costs to
truck water to his property temporarily or half the cost of permanent
improvements such as a well.

Federal officials in Maine also have steered funding for drought relief from
unusual sources. The common thread is financial assistance for housing.

Agriculture, for example, has a rural-development program that helps homeowners
repair and upgrade property, usually with roofs and siding. But participants
don't have to be farmers - like with a disaster - and the advantage over some
other federal programs is that individuals can get assistance for their own
homes.

Mostly the program serves elderly homeowners with low income. Residents younger
than 62 can get loans up to $20,000 at 1 percent interest for 20 years.
Residents at least 62 years old can get grants up to $7,500. To qualify, a
family of two in York County must earn less than $18,150.

"People are calling and telling us they've been out of water for four months and
they've been lugging water and need assistance," said Veronica Johnson, a loan
assistant who handles York County cases. "Some of the ladies will put buckets
out on the porch to catch melting snow to fill their toilets. Then they'll buy
water in the store to drink. They say they have done it for four or six months."

Last year, the program distributed nearly $1.1 million in grants and loans
statewide, and $358,938 this fiscal year since July 1.

The drought is consuming a growing share of the program, with $233,412 in grants
and loans so far this year paying for 48 new wells, said Debora Berry, who works
with the program covering seven counties in southern Maine.
Community projects

"I think we do some unique things to get out there to sell the programs," said
Berry, who attends educational programs to promote the program.

Southern Maine accounted for a majority of the projects.

Androscoggin, Cumberland, Franklin, Kennebec, Oxford, Sagadahoc and York
counties had 10 grants and 24 loans worth a total of $169,240. Applications for
four more grants and three loans totaling $39,420 are still pending.

Recipients are grateful for the assistance. "I get lots of hugs," Johnson said.

Community projects are also funded through the program. In the past week North
Haven received a $175,000 grant to expand the town's water system and the Alfred
water district got a $1.1 million loan to expand and upgrade its system.

Two other experimental programs are under the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development.

Tapping the programs for drought relief is unusual, with regional and national
spokesmen for the program saying they hadn't heard of this strategy in other
states.

One program is called community development block grants, typically used for
economic development. Under an experimental program in Washington and Aroostook
counties, residents are grouping together to replace wells and septic systems,
said Mike Baran, technical assistant manager at the state Department of Economic
Community Development.

The program is just getting started in Jonesport. But in the northern tip of the
state, from Presque Isle to Madawaska, the Northern Aroostook Well and Septic
Project drilled 33 new or replacement wells and installed 44 septic systems at a
total of 65 homes.

The group assembled $300,000 from the housing department with $780,000 from
agriculture's rural-development program and the state Department of
Environmental Protection.

An initial requirement is that an entire community must organize to apply for
the funding. Income limits also apply to participants, at $32,400 for a family
of four. But there is still a waiting list of 50 more applicants seeking
assistance.

"They are expecting this time around to have more polluted wells or nonexistent
wells or dry wells," Baran said. "The goal is to help the worst stricken and the
neediest of the needy."

The Maine State Housing Authority also has an experimental program in
Cumberland, Washington and Knox counties that uses federal money for home
repairs including drought relief. The program is for people looking to fix a
leaky roof, replace bad wiring, remove lead-based paint - or drill a new well.

One hitch is that all parts of a house must be brought up to federal standards
under the program, not just the water supply, according to Roger Bondeson, the
authority's housing services manager.

"It would be difficult to divert funds away from that to just the wells," he
said. "With federal money comes a lot of strings."

Residents earning below a certain amount - $43,100 for a family of four in the
Portland area - could get a loan for up to $15,000 at 1 percent interest for 15
years. People with even lower incomes can get loans forgiven if they live in the
same house for five years.

So far, the program has given 15 loans and has five pending, with two for wells.
Bondeson said six of the 25 inquiries he got about the program since Jan. 1 were
about wells.

The Maine Rural Water Association, which is funded by Environmental Protection
Agency grants and membership fees, has held five seminars about the short water
supply, where some of these federal officials trade notes and get the word out
about their programs. The next is March 19 in Freeport.

But Carlton Gardner, training specialist for the group, said the forecast for
emergency funding is no more promising than the weather.

"Right now, if any of our public water supplies run out of water, there is no
emergency source of money that I know of," he said. "We're just trying to get
the word out and saying you need to make emergency preparations."

Staff Writer Bart Jansen can be reached at 202-488-1119 or at:

bjansen@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: The Long Dry Season EDITOR'S NOTE: This is one of a series of stories
the Portland Press Herald/Maine Sunday Telegram will publish about the drought
and its impact on Maine.

GRAPHIC: Gov. Angus King has asked U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman to
declare a drought disaster. A decision is due soon.

                 Copyright 2002 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 2, 2015 Monday

USDA Designates Sutton County and Contiguous Counties as Drought Disaster Area

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Will Hurd, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

On Wednesday, the Secretary of the United States Department of Agriculture
announced that Sutton County and six additional contiguous Texas counties are
designated as primary natural disaster areas due to recent drought conditions.
These additional counties include Crockett, Edwards, Kimble, Menard, Schleicher
and Val Verde. Previously designated primary natural disaster areas in the 23rd
Congressional District of Texas include Bexar, Frio, Medina, Uvalde and Zavala
counties.

"The agriculture industry is a a vital part of the economy in the 23rd
Congressional District and the impact of this drought on our families is very
real," said U.S. Representative Will Hurd (R-Helotes), who represents each of
these counties in Washington. "Families, farms and ranches have struggled in
these counties due to this drought and it's important for them to get any
federal assistance they are eligible to receive."

The disaster designation makes farm operators in these counties eligible to be
considered for certain assistance from the Farm Service Agency (FSA), including
emergency loans. Farmers have eight months to apply for these emergency loans.
According to USDA Secretary Thomas Vilsack, local FSA offices can provide
additional information.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             July 14, 2007 Saturday

Few flood victims covered

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 650 words


By Roxana Hegeman

THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

COFFEYVILLE - While his flooded neighbors faced an uncertain future, homeowner
Bob Foust was already well under way this week repairing the water damage to his
house upstream of the refinery's oil spill.

Not only did his house escape the oily gunk carried by floodwaters, but Foust
had a very rare commodity in this southeast Kansas city - flood insurance.

Torrential rains in late June swelled the Verdigris River to historic heights -
cresting 4 feet higher than the 26.5-foot levees that have protected this
community since the 1960s. The city's misery was compounded when an oil spill
from the Coffeyville Resources refinery was spread by floodwaters.

Few homeowners in this low-income city carried flood insurance.

When Foust refinanced his house in November, the bank's loan agent - his cousin,
Leigh Foster - noticed he wasn't carrying flood insurance and insisted over his
strenuous objections that Foust insure the property for flooding before
approving his loan.

"I tried to talk her out of it," Foust said. "I owe my insurance to my cousin
for not looking the other way and letting me get my loan. ... I feel fortunate,
I really do."

But most home- and business owners in this now oil-sodden city are depending on
government disaster assistance - and any settlement they can get from the
refinery for damage. Individuals are applying for grants from the Federal
Emergency Management Agency or loans from the Small Business Administration and
the Kansas Farm Service Agency.

Insurance adjusters for the Coffeyville Resources refinery have been assessing
damage to downstream properties while fielding hundreds of claims for damage.
Its spokesman, Steve Eames, said the company has "adequate insurance" to repair
damage to its own facility, as well as handle claims.

At the Kansas Farm Bureau insurance agency in Coffeyville, numerous customers
have been coming in to get letters documenting that they didn't carry the added
flood insurance, a requirement before they can file for government disaster
assistance.

Homeowner Larry Quigley clutched his letter as he left the insurance office. He
needed it to apply for a U.S. Small Business Administration loan that he hoped
to use to relocate to another area. He had no flood insurance.

"I am in a 500-year flood plain - I thought my risk was low," Quigley said.
"I've lived there 36 years, and I didn't have a problem."

Farm Bureau agent Heath Higbie has been grappling with frustrated policyholders
since floodwaters rose. About 100 of his customers lived in the flooded
neighborhoods, but only four or five of them carried flood insurance, he said.

The dozens of vehicles flooded by rapidly rising water would be covered,
however, under comprehensive auto insurance policies, Higbie said.

"We have been spoiled by the levee - it's never been an issue, except for flash
floods," Higbie said. "I don't have anybody with flood insurance that wasn't
required by a lender. I expect that to change."

Several customers have already told him to remind them to ask about flood
insurance.

Higbie does not expect the southeast Kansas floods to affect premiums.

"It is large to us, but on the national scheme it is not big enough to affect
it," Higbie said. "They pool the money nationwide. It is a federally backed
insurance program."

Neither the refinery nor disaster officials could estimate the financial costs
of the flood.

Coffeyville homeowner Pete Gonzalez looked helplessly at his flooded home when
he saw it for the first time this week. He had hoped to be able to do the
repairs himself, but the home was a total loss - floors were buckled, and oil
covered everything. A red placard warned the house was unsafe and could not be
occupied.

"I don't know what I am going to do," Gonzalez said in Spanish.

Gonzalez, a foundry worker, found only a few framed photos high on the walls
that he could salvage.

He had no flood insurance.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                           November 30, 2004 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

8 counties designated disaster areas by USDA

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 144 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture on Monday designated eight Oklahoma counties
as disaster counties, paving the way for farmers in the region to seek low
interest emergency loans.

The USDA identified Grant and Kay counties as primary disaster counties as a
result of high winds and hail damage from April 21 to June 2.

Alfalfa, Garfield, Noble and Osage counties also were declared "continguous" or
surrounding disaster counties.

Jackson and Tillman counties also were designated as continguous disaster
counties for damages sustained in bordering Texas counties from June 2-8.

Gov. Brad Henry said that means farms in the eight counties could be eligible
for federal disaster relief, mainly in the form of low-interest emergency loans
from the Farm Service Agency.

Farmers interested in seeking assistance are asked to contact their local county
Farm Service Agency office.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 10, 2013 Thursday

Santa Fe County farmers hurt by drought eligible for disaster aid

BYLINE: Staci Matlock, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 478 words


Jan. 10--Santa Fe is among 19 drought-stricken counties in New Mexico designated
as primary natural disaster areas by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Farmers and ranchers in those counties -- plus nine contiguous ones -- qualify
for low-interest emergency loans that can help pay production costs, living
expenses or planting expenses.

New Mexico's counties were among 597 in 14 states declared disaster areas
Wednesday by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack due to drought and heat. It was
the 71st time in the last decade that portions of New Mexico qualified for
disaster relief because of drought, snow, flood or fire, according to Lawrence
Rael, executive director of the state office of the Farm Service Agency.

In 2012, the Department of Agriculture designated 2,245 counties in 39 states as
disaster areas due to drought, or 71 percent of the United States.

The department offers low-interest loans with terms of one to 10 years and
interest rates from 1.25 percent to 3.1 percent, Rael said. He said the loans
are a safety net for producers who've lost crops, land or livestock to natural
disasters.

Many farmers already operate on a knife-thin profit margin. One or two bad years
can wipe out any savings. In addition, producers have to plan months in advance
how many acres to plant with what crop or how many livestock to raise. If they
take out a loan, they and the lender are betting on selling enough crops or
livestock the next year to pay it back. It is a risky bet, especially in the
last few years, when weather patterns have shifted dramatically, affecting water
for crops and grazing for livestock, Rael said. Most conventional lenders won't
take that bet.

Some producers carry insurance to help them through a disastrous season, but not
all.

Last year, producers asked for only $150,000 in disaster-relief loans, and most
were from the southeastern or eastern part of the state. No producer in Santa Fe
applied for a loan, Rael said. He thinks the number of loan requests could go up
this time, since producers are coming off consecutive severe drought years.

The New Mexico counties that qualify for the disaster loans include Chaves, De
Baca, Lea, Rio Arriba, Santa Fe, Cibola, Eddy, McKinley, Roosevelt, Taos,
Colfax, Guadalupe, Mora, San Juan, Union, Curry, Harding, Quay, San Miguel,
Bernalillo, Lincoln, Otero, Socorro, Valencia, Catron, Los Alamos, Sandoval and
Torrance.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the disaster
declaration to apply for emergency loan assistance. For information, call the
New Mexico State Farm Service Agency at 761-4900.

Contact Staci Matlock at 505-986-3055 or smatlock@sfnewmexican.com Follow her on
Twitter @stacimatlock.

___ (c)2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130110-SF-Santa-Fe-County-farmers-hurt-by-drought-eligible-for-disaster-aid-01
10-20130110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 23, 1985, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

BLOCK ANNOUNCES AUSTERE FARM BILL

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section 1; Page 7, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1611 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 22


Agriculture Secretary John R. Block today disclosed details of a farm bill that
would gradually reduce farm subsidies, eventually end Government storage of crop
surpluses and eliminate direct farm loans from the Government.

Mr. Block conceded that, on the basis of earlier accounts of the Reagan
Administration bill, Congress had already given it scant chance of passage in
its current form. He acknowledged that members of Congress would probably change
many details of the bill.

''But I'm convinced,'' he said, ''that if we can come out with our basic
objectives, not every detail of them, we'll achieve what we are asking for.''

The current farm law expires this fall. Congress must pass new farm legislation
this year or price support programs will be governed by the Farm Act of 1949,
which neither the Administration nor farm commodity groups likes.

No Impact on Farms This Year

However, any farm legislation that is eventually passed will have no effect this
year on the faltering farm economy. Nor will its credit sections have any
bearing on the immediate farm credit problem.

In a news conference at the Department of Agriculture, Secretary Block said
these were the basic objectives of the Administration's bill:


- To provide a longterm, ''market- oriented'' agricultural policy with
Government price and income supports based on average free market prices,
instead of the current system of basing them on farmers' production costs as
estimated by Congress.


- To design this policy to make American grain, cotton and dairy products more
competitive in world markets.


- To provide a five-year transition period from current farm aid programs,
gradually weaning farmers away from Government props.


- To apply these changes to most basic farm commodities, including tobacco and
peanuts, both of which are now supported differently.


- To reduce by at least half the Government's farm aid costs.

Opposition From Congress

In the past week, as parts of the Administration's plan became known, farm state
Senators and Representatives of both parties objected to any cuts in farm aid
and deplored Mr. Reagan's timing in proposing such sweeping changes in the farm
law when the agricultural economy was still in a deep recession.

Even so, Representative Edward R. Madigan of Illinois, the ranking Republican on
the House Agriculture Committee, will introduce Mr. Reagan's bill there Monday.
Senator Jesse Helms, the North Carolina Republican who heads the Senate
Agriculture Committee, will introduce the bill next week in the Senate.

Congress reacted to the Admistration's new farm program with coolness or
outright scorn.

Senator Charles E. Grassley, an Iowa Republican seeking re-election next year,
said the plan ''simply won't fly in Congress, and the Administration knows
that.''

Representative E. (Kika) de la Garza, the Texas Democrat who heads the House
Agriculture Committee, said the Administration's proposals would be considered,
but added that ''whatever legislation we produce will be on the basis of
preserving American agriculture, not on how many dollars can be chopped out of
the budget.''

New Price Support Loan Levels

There were no surprises today in the steps the Administration proposed taking to
achieve its objectives. Most of them had been discussed by Mr. Block in earlier
interviews and were included in Mr. Reagan's Budget Message earlier this month.

For many grain and cotton farmers, the most important of these steps would be
setting 1986 price support loan levels at 75 percent of the average free market
price in the last three years. The Secretary of Agriculture now sets per-bushel
or per-bale loan level rates each year based on a complex formula that considers
the supply on hand and farmers' production costs.

The current loan levels are usually above world market prices. Thus, they tend
to establish a price floor under American grains and cotton, since a farmer who
has taken a loan at the prescribed rate, using his crop as collateral, will not
sell that crop in the open market at a price lower than the loan rate, but will
forfeit the crop to the Government as payment of the loan.

But if the loan level was kept below the average market price, it would serve
only as a distant safety net in the event the market fell more than 25 percent
below the loan level. Otherwise, a farmer would sell his crop to repay the loan
instead of turning it over to the Government, which would be stuck with the cost
of storing it and eventually disposing of it.

Cut in 'Deficiency Payments'

The farmer would be getting less income from the sale than from a loan under the
current system, but the price of his crops, Mr. Block contends, would be more
realistic in the world market.

Under the Administration's bill, grain and cotton subsidies, called ''deficiency
payments,'' would be based next year on 100 percent of the three-year average
market price. This percentage would be reduced each year until 1991, when it
would reach 75 percent.

Under the current law, ''target prices'' have been set by Congress in each of
the last four years. When the year's average market price falls below the target
price level, a farmer eligible for subsidies is given the difference between the
target and market prices on a certain portion of his crop, whether he sells it,
stores it or takes a loan on it.

For example, last year the target price on wheat was $4.38 a bushel, while the
average market price was $3.38 a bushel. Thus, eligible farmers received per
bushel and the Government spent about $1.1 billion for wheat subsidies alone.
These subsidy payments, Mr. Block says, have been encouraging overproduction and
increasing price-depressing surpluses.

To be eligible for loans and subsidies under the new plan, as under the old,
farmers would have to reduce the acreage they plant in grains or cotton in 1986,
1987 and 1988. After that, there would be no more planting restrictions.

Milk Price Support Program

The Administration would continue the current milk price support program for the
next two years, but would reduce the support price each year if dairy product
surpluses increased. Beginning in 1988, it would provide direct payments to
dairy farmers based on gradually declining target prices, just as grains and
cotton would be treated.

Peanut prices are now supported under a restrictive quota system that guarantees
a higher price for peanuts grown for domestic edible use and at a much lower
price for those non-quota peanuts exported or crushed for oil. The
Administration wants to gradually end this system and set loan rates of 75
percent of the average three-year market price. All peanut growers would be
eligible for these loans, even if they did not have quotas. Quota holders would
get direct payments based on a percentage of the average market price.

The Administration, in return for Senator Helms's promise to introduce its bill,
withdrew a section dealing with tobacco.

''We will write a separate tobacco bill,'' Mr. Block said today, ''and it will
lower price support levels and open production to growers who do not at present
have acreage quotas.''

Limit on Price Support Loans

As one means of directing most farm aid benefits to the middle-sized farmers,
the Administration would set an annual limit of $200,000 per farmer on price
support loans in which the farmer could foreit his crop to pay the loan. Above
$200,000, the loan would have to be repaid in full in cash, plus interest. There
is no limit now on price support loans.

The bill would also set annual limits per farmer on subsidies, holding them to
$20,000 next year and reducing that to $15,000 in 1987 and to $10,000 in 1988
and succeeding years. Under the current law, there is a $50,000 limit.

The limits on both loans and subsidies would be far below today's annual
payments. In some years, farmers with very large holdings have received more
than $1 million in subsidies and price support loans.

The proposed reductions in subsidy payments would have little effect on outlays
from the budget for the fiscal year 1986, since many of the subsidy payments on
1985 crops are made after Oct. 1, when the fiscal year 1986 begins. But Mr.
Block said the reductions in subsequent years, plus the lower loan rates and the
limits on loans and direct payments, would reduce commodity supports costs from
$10.5 billion next year to $3 billion to $5 billion for the 1987-89 period.

Emergency Farm Loans

One of the most controversial sections of the bill would, beginning next year,
shift all future emergency farm operating loans from the Government's Farmers
Home Administration, the lender of last resort, to commercial banks, with the
Government guaranteeing a percentage of these loans. This plan would be similar
to the current emergency loan guarantees to commercial banks that agree to
reduce debt service charges on troubled farm loans they hold.

Mr. Reagan has provided $650 million for the current program. The bill would
make up to $3 billion available next year for such guarantees on new loans.

Another major component of the proposed Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1985, Mr.
Block said, would be a commitment by the United States to promote open access to
all world markets and reduce the restrictive trade practices that now allow some
exporting countries to subsidize their farm products and undersell this
country's.

''In the event our negotiations to remove or reduce these barriers, including
export subsidies, are not progressing satisfactorily,'' Mr. Block said, ''we
will recommend tough actions to offset them.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           February 20, 2007 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

THE OPEN FORUM - Letters to the editor

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 1147 words


Low-interest loans for farmers who lost cattle Re: "Ranchers deserve federal
aid," Feb. 14 editorial.

The Denver Post's editorial did not accurately reflect the position or action of
the U.S. Department of Agriculture in response to the recent blizzards.

Colorado farmers and ranchers suffered significant livestock losses in recent
blizzards. The governor requested that the USDA use a Secretarial Disaster
Declaration for low-cost emergency loans. But when Colorado's snow-covered
damages couldn't be established at 30 percent loss required under disaster laws,
the USDA looked deeper and gave Colorado's farmers and ranchers the exact same
benefit as the Secretarial Disaster through another means.

The USDA has a variety of tools in its tool box, but each tool has its own set
of limitations imposed by regulation or statute. U.S. regulations require a 30
percent loss in the production of a major crop in a county in order to issue a
USDA Secretarial Disaster declaration. Obviously, a natural disaster that hits
outside of the growing season is not likely to heavily impact crop production.
However, we all realized that producers had suffered losses. To respond
positively, the USDA's Colorado Farm Service Agency pursued another option, an
Administrator's Notice of Physical Loss, which provides access to the same
low-interest emergency loans for physical losses. Physical losses include dead
livestock and collapsed buildings. The USDA state director's Jan. 23 request for
Colorado farmers and ranchers was approved in Washington, D.C., the next day.

So, the exact benefit being requested by the governor was provided back in
January, through a different process. It is because the USDA recognized the need
that we explored several options for providing access to emergency loans and
found one that fit.

Teresa Lasseter, Farm Service Agency, Administrator, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Washington, D.C.

---------------------------------------- Merit-pay plan at Metropolitan State
College

Re: "Metro looks into merit pay," Feb. 12 news story.

The Post reports that the trustees of Metropolitan State College of Denver are
considering a "pay for performance" plan for faculty. The proposed plan would
use tuition and some state funds to fund this $3 million program. Why, I ask,
should we pay faculty $3 million when we aren't contractually obligated to do
so?

Let's give those "superior" faculty the opportunity to sell their lecture series
to the university for that "bonus." Then, those superior lectures would be
online, available to all Metro State students (or a wider audience), whose
tuition paid for the bonuses in the first place. And the excellent teachers
would be remunerated for their excellent work. That way Metro students and
taxpayers would get something for the extra cost.

Patrick Mieritz, Colorado Springs

---------------------------------------- Amendment 41 and special interests

Re: "Lobbyist's view of Amend. 41," Feb. 16 guest commentary.

Despite the problems resulting from the wording of Amendment 41 - which will get
sorted out eventually - I am insulted by the message presented in the commentary
by lobbyist Donnah Moody. She argues that pre-election warnings about the
amendment "were dismissed as tainted because of our \ vested interest in the
process. This ignores the fact that all Coloradans have vested interests,
because all of us have a stake in some special-interest group."

Well, I believe that all Coloradans have an interest in good, clean, ethical
governance and that this is not a special interest but a general one. Citizens
are fed up with government by, for and of the special interests. Whatever
happened to governance by, for and of the people?

We elect our representatives to represent all of us and to enact policies that
serve the common interests of all citizens. Any system of government that offers
up laws and policies favoring special interests of the highest bidder is not a
democracy.

Phillip Bugg, Colorado Springs

...

Donnah Moody's remark that "all Coloradans have vested interests" is, of course,
correct. Most of us, however, have only our periodic voting to make our wishes
known to government officials, while lobbyists are paid to spend time and money
seeking out a legislator's public preferences and private weaknesses in order to
gain advantage. The appeal of Amendment 41 was the chance it gave those of us
without deep pockets to offset some of that paid-for influence on the
legislature. It was never about scholarships, Nobel Prizes, justly earned awards
of merit, or any of the other red herrings Moody mentions.

William V. Burgess, Westminster

----------------------------------------

Questions about Iran

Re: "Bush: Iran providing bombs," Feb. 15 news story.

"The idea that somehow we're manufacturing the idea that the Iranians are
providing (explosives) is preposterous," said President Bush.

Really? Seriously? The president's track record doesn't lend him much
credibility. Where is this information coming from?

America, we need to wake up before we start World War III, or the second
Crusade. Most of all, we cannot be led down the road of a misinformation
campaign to war.

David Stockbridge, Denver

...

The president complains about the Iranians sending weapons to Iraq. Let's see
now ...

The U.S. government armed the Taliban to fight the Russians, including stinger
missiles to shoot down their helicopters. Think Putin's recent speech.

The U.S. government assisted Iraq in its war with Iran. Think about Iran's
attitude toward us.

The list of the U. S. "doing good" is almost endless. So we made up the rules.
Why should President Bush complain when the Iranians play by our rules? Why is
it that those who covet power can't seem to think about the consequences of
their actions? We don't own the world anymore, and we should stay out of other
people's business. Until we do, the reasons to hate us will persist.

Don Downs, Colorado Springs

----------------------------------------

Smoking on Capitol Hill

Re: "Smoke blows over in Tancredo incident," Feb. 16 news brief.

U.S. Rep. Tom Tancredo has set a bad example in his recent television appearance
from his Capitol Hill office. While it is permissible to smoke in one's
congressional office, Tancredo showed poor behavior in his response to staff in
a neighboring office who were bothered by the smell of smoke from Tancredo's
cigars.

Given all the widely known health problems from secondhand smoke, one would
think that Tancredo might not flaunt the big stogie in our face by saying, "I
can do what I want in my office."

First of all, he sets a bad example in our efforts to prevent our nation's youth
from smoking. Secondly, he is not the kind of "neighbor" on Capitol Hill we
hoped he would be. I know he apologized, but this habit of offending and then
saying "I'm sorry" is hollow behavior.

Next time, Rep. Tancredo will not get my vote.

Marjorie A. White, Westminster

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 3, 2010 Thursday

Hispanic farmers 'insulted' by $1.3 billion settlement offer

BYLINE: Jeremy Roebuck, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1080 words


Jun. 3--MCALLEN -- A $1.3 billion offer to settle claims that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture discriminated against Hispanic and women farmers
applying for emergency loans does not go nearly far enough to make up for years
of inequity, a group of Rio Grande Valley farmers said.

The Justice Department made the proposal last week in hopes of ending a
decade-old lawsuit in which the farmers from across the United States claimed
that USDA loan programs were systemically stacked against minorities.

But the offer comes on the heels of a similar $2.15 billion government payout to
black farmers who have filed complaints on similar claims -- even though there
are nearly twice as many Hispanic-owned farms in the United States as those
owned by blacks, according to federal agricultural census data.

"Our farmers are hopping mad about this," said Stephen Hill, an attorney
representing Hispanic farmers from across the Southwest in the lawsuit. "They
are going to be notifying members of Congress and the (Obama) administration to
let them know exactly what they think about this really unfortunate proposal
that doesn't even begin to treat Hispanic farmers equally and on par with black
farmers."

Created in the 1930s as part of the New Deal legislation, the USDA loan program
was intended to help small farmers who didn't qualify for private credit obtain
the financing they needed to keep their farms operating.

But the decentralized system set up to distribute those loans and highly
subjective qualifying criteria allowed anti-minority bias that existed in many
rural communities at the time to taint the application process.

Minority farmers were routinely discouraged from applying for government
assistance, rejected outright or experienced severe delays in receiving their
promised funds. All the while, their Anglo peers received loan after loan
without a hitch, the lawsuit's plaintiffs allege.

And no one in the government disputes the facts. Since at least Bill Clinton's
presidency, agriculture secretaries have openly condemned their agency's history
of racism -- including current Secretary Tom Vilsack, who ordered an independent
review of USDA field offices and the creation of a task force to review past and
pending civil rights complaints.

"I intend to lead the department in correcting its past errors, learning from
its mistakes and moving forward to a new era of equitable service and access for
all," he said in an April 2009 memo to staff outlining the changes.

But as recently as 1994, an internal USDA study found, the county-level
committees charged with reviewing loan applications were overwhelmingly
dominated by Anglos. Ninety-four percent had no female or minority
representation.

Guadalupe Garcia Jr., the lead plaintiff in the Hispanic farmer's suit, alleges
that lack of representation cost him his 630-acre farm in New Mexico. He applied
four times for loans or emergency assistance from 1986 to 1998 only to be turned
down each time after his local committee deemed him unsuitable on criteria such
as whether he had the "character or industry" to operate a successful farm or
the "commitment to carry out his undertakings and obligations."

A county committee in Fresno, Calif., told another of the case's plaintiffs -- a
single mother with a college education in agricultural economics -- that farming
was "not a proper business for a woman, much less a Mexican woman with two
kids."

More than 40 farmers in the Rio Grande Valley have signed on to the lawsuit,
claiming similar stories of discrimination ranging from being discouraged from
even applying to being challenged when they asked for assistance in filling out
complicated loan application forms.

Hill, the lead attorney on the suit, estimates as many as 4,600 local farmers
may have been affected.

But the current administration's rhetoric of reform doesn't match up to what the
Hispanic and women farmers were offered in their settlement agreement last week,
local farmers said.

"I think accepting it is out of the question," said Juan Villanueva, of McAllen,
who was forced to give up his 7,000-acre plot in Duval County a decade ago after
drought wiped out his crops and he was unable to secure an emergency loan. "It's
not what we're looking for."

Under the terms of the settlement agreement, the Justice Department would cap
payouts to individual plaintiffs at $50,000. The total $1.3 billion sum would be
split among all of the current plaintiffs in the Hispanic farmer and women
farmer lawsuits, despite the fact that they were filed separately.

Those who have not already signed up as plaintiffs in either suit would have to
file a separate lawsuit to pursue discrimination claims -- a process that can
come with hefty filing and attorney's fees that might discourage already
cash-strapped small businessmen from participating.

"The irony of all of this is that an administration that's pledged to be
progressive has really proposed something that smacks of the old poll tax," said
Hill. "Farmers are going to have to pay a fee to participate in a settlement
process to be compensated for discrimination they already paid for in dollars."

And while $50,000 may sound like a hefty sum to some, Raymondville farmer David
Cantu said, when it comes to running a business it doesn't amount to much.

"That $50,000 wouldn't give me a down payment on a tractor," he said. "I know
people who have lost farms valued at close to $1.2 million. People might have a
preconceived notion that we're getting greedy, but we just want to be made whole
again and put back in place."

So far, the Justice Department has not publicly confirmed the terms of its
offered settlement. Hill agreed to discuss the proposal only after The
Associated Press, quoting an unnamed Obama administration source, reported on it
last week and said he views the leak as yet another discriminatory government
move.

"This was a calculated, cynical ploy to bum rush these victims figuring they
would stampede to grab what sounds like a lot of money," he said. "They have
grossly underestimated the intelligence of these farmers."

To see more of The Monitor, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themonitor.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100603-MC-HISPANIC-FARMERS-SETTLE-OFFER-20100603

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2010 The Monitor


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            October 16, 2005 Sunday

AgriBusiness Briefs

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b4

LENGTH: 503 words


Agents with bureau plan Medicare events

Dubuque County Farm Bureau agents will hold meetings for farm bureau members to
explain Medicare changes Monday through Wednesday at the Midway Hotel in
Dubuque. The meetings also will be held Tuesday and Wednesday at the Comfort Inn
in Dyersville, Iowa.

To register or for more information, call 563/583-7309 or 563/875-7586. Cascade
(Iowa) Service Center clients can call 563/852-3505 for details.

Dubuque County team 2nd in judging contest

MADISON, Wis. - An Iowa 4-H Dairy Judging team from Dubuque County has finished
second in the National 4-H Dairy Judging Contest at World Dairy Expo in Madison.

The Iowa team, coached by Jeff Hammerand, scored 2,058 points, which was eight
points behind Wisconsin and six points ahead of third-place Pennsylvania. Iowa
team members include Tim Rauen, of Farley; Todd Wolf, of Holy Cross; Kurt Wolf,
of Epworth; and Sara Bahl, of Dubuque.

Operators may apply for emergency loans

EPWORTH, Iowa - Farm operators who have suffered major forage/crop production or
physical losses caused by drought from Jan. 1 might be eligible for an emergency
loan.

Applicants must be unable to obtain credit from other usual sources to qualify
for the Farm Service Agency Farm Loan Program assistance. The interest rate for
the loan is 3.75 percent.

Applications can be completed at the Dubuque County Farm Service Agency office,
210 Bierman Road in Epworth. The final date for making applications is May 15.

Participants sought for pork-farming project

AMES, Iowa - A new project to help niche pork farmers with production issues is
seeking participants.

The three parts of the Niche Pork Herd Health and Production Cost Management
Project are: production, cost management and herd health diagnostics.

For materials and application forms, or for more information, contact Gary Huber
at 515/232-5661, extension 103.

Funding for the project comes from a USDA grant awarded to the Iowa Pork
Industry Center.

Financing available for youth program

OMAHA, Neb. - Farm Credit Services of America announced its 2005-2006 Youth in
Agriculture Program last week. Students may obtain financing for 4-H and FFA
production projects through its Youth in Agriculture Program until April 1.

For more information, visit www.fcsamerica.com.

Expert issues reminder about soil temperature

AMES, Iowa - As the 2005 harvest season winds down, John Sawyer, Iowa State
University Extension soil fertility specialist, reminds farmers who are planning
for the upcoming harvest to take caution when applying anhydrous ammonia
fertilizer.

He said it is important that farmers wait until the soil temperature has cooled
to 50 degrees and is continuing to cool before applying this fertilizer.

When applied to warmer soils, Sawyer said a chemical process can quickly convert
it into nitrate, which then can be leached from the soil.

To view daily soil temperature updates for each county in Iowa, go to
http://extension.agron.iastate.edu/NPKnowledge/.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Alamogordo Daily News (New Mexico)

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

NM delegation secures drought assistance for Otero County

BYLINE: By John Bear jbear@alamogordonews.com @johnbearwithme on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 482 words


New Mexico's congressional delegation announced on Wednesday that multiple New
Mexico counties, including Otero, will qualify for emergency loan assistance
from the Farm Service Agency because of the ongoing drought.

Sens. Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich, along with U.S. Rep. Steve Pearce, Ben Ray
Lujcn and Michelle Lujan Grisham, announced that 27 counties in New Mexico will
qualify for assistance.

According to a press release issued by Udall's office, the designation makes
producers, farmers and ranchers in these counties eligible for FSA emergency
loans, provided eligibility requirements are met.

Funds are available for up to a maximum of $500,000 and may be used to restore
or replace essential property, pay all or part of production costs associated
with the disaster year, pay essential family living expenses, reorganize the
farming operation and refinance certain debts.

The counties were declared by the U.S. Department of Agriculture as "primary
natural disaster areas" after suffering from droughts of severe, extreme and
exceptional intensity during the growing season for eight or more consecutive
weeks or as "contiguous counties" because of they were nearby and considered to
face similar circumstances.

"New Mexico farmers and ranchers continue to face great challenges due to the
prolonged drought and I am glad the USDA continues to recognize the need for
federal disaster assistance in our affected counties," Udall said. "We need to
do all we can to support farm operators, especially in rural communities, who
continue to be devastated by consecutive years of drought."

Heinrich said farmers and ranchers help drive the economy and have shaped the
state's history, as many growers in New Mexico come from families that have
cultivated land for generations.

"These disaster declarations are a good first step to ensure they receive the
necessary federal resources they need to recover from last year's natural
disasters," he said

Pearce also said agriculture is a vital part of New Mexico's economy, and this
year's drought has "imposed enormous hardships on our farmers and ranchers."

"Today's announcement was the right decision and will provide much-needed
relief," Pearce said. "I look forward to continuing to work closely with farmers
and ranchers across southern New Mexico to make sure they receive the support
and resources they need."

Through the FSA emergency loan program, farm operators can borrow up to 100
percent of actual production or physical losses. To qualify, they must have
suffered at least a 30 percent loss in crop production or a physical loss to
livestock and livestock products, real estate or chattel property, the release
states.

Farm operators have eight months following the date of the disaster declaration
to apply and are encouraged to do so through their local Farm Service Agency
office.

Otero Counnty's FSA office can be reached at 437-3100.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 Alamogordo Daily News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                             August 19, 2011 Friday

USDA declares nine Mississippi counties disaster areas

BYLINE: MBJ Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 311  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated nine counties in
Mississippi as primary natural disaster areas due to damage and losses caused by
flooding that occurred April 15-July 1, 2011.

The counties are Adams, Claiborne, DeSoto, Humphreys, Jefferson, Quitman,
Warren, Wilkinson and Yazoo.

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Mississippi also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous: Amite;
Holmes; Sharkey; Attala; Leflore; Sunflower; Coahoma; Lincoln; Tallahatchie;
Copiah; Madison; Tate; Franklin; Marshall; Tunica; Hinds; Panola; Washington;
and, Issaquena.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Aug. 8, 2011,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

USDA also has made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program (SURE), which was approved
as part of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008; the Emergency
Conservation Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and, the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program.

Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and
other programs. Additional information is also available online at
disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             August 20, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Help wanted;
Maine faces a shortage of veterinarians who work with large animals such as
horses and cows. Efforts to attract new vets to the state have made little
impact.

BYLINE: CRISTINA BAUTISTA Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1256 words


Wiscasset veterinarian Tammy Doughty faced a dilemma last week.

She received two emergency calls, one right after the other - one for a newborn
alpaca struggling to stay alive, another for an animal that was gushing blood
from a deep cut.

"Both were truly emergencies," she said. "I had to prioritize because there's no
one else I can send."

It's a common scenario, according to veterinarians and farmers across the state.
Maine has a shortage of veterinarians who treat sheep, goats, alpacas, horses
and cows. The result is limited emergency care for animals, high levels of
on-the-job stress for vets and difficulty recruiting and retaining new talent in
Maine.

There are two programs that use financial incentives to attract these vets to
Maine, but they have made little impact in stopping the statewide shortage,
veterinarians said.

One program is a loan for Maine residents in various medical fields.

The other program, a partnership with Tufts University's veterinary school,
selects one Maine resident a year and provides him or her with a
$12,000-per-year loan. The student must study to become a large-animal
practitioner, and the loan is forgiven if the student completes four years of
service after graduation in an underserved area in his or her home state, said
Cathy Kimball, manager of customer relations for the Finance Authority of Maine.

Since 1993, 17 veterinary students have utilized the health loan, and only four
or five students have actually used the loan forgiveness seat at Tufts since
that program started in 1999, Kimball said.

Most often, there are not enough Maine residents interested in going into large
animal practice for there to be any competition over the one seat, said Barbara
Berman, assistant dean of student affairs at Tufts University.

"We'd love to have them beat down our doors, but we don't typically have that
type of issue," Berman said.

Maine is not alone. According to a June 2006 study by Kansas State University
researchers, the number of unfilled large-animal veterinary positions at clinics
and farms nationwide is expected to grow by 4 percent to 5 percent per year.
Fewer students showing interest in large-animal practices, as well as declining
rural populations, are cited as factors in the study.

There are about 30 to 40 large-animal veterinarians practicing in Maine, and
only a few dedicate their work solely to the large-animal population, said State
Veterinarian Donald Hoenig of the Maine Department of Agriculture. The
large-animal veterinary field then segments further as some vets treat only
horses, leaving the pool of providers for sheep, cows and other animals very
slim, he said.

Several counties, including Hancock and Washington, have only one veterinarian
who treats large animals, and the midcoast area from Bucksport south is
underserved, Hoenig said.

Neither the Maine Department of Agriculture nor the Maine Veterinary Medical
Association keeps records of the numbers of large-animal veterinarians
practicing in Maine, but Hoenig estimates the number of vets providing large
animal care has dropped by at least 50 percent over the past decade following a
sharp decrease in the number of dairy farms.

According to the Maine Department of Agriculture, the number of dairy farms in
the state has decreased from 685 to 355 farms in the last nine years. The
decline has driven many large-animal veterinarians out of the field and into
small-animal practices, which treat dogs, cats and other small pets.

It's also had the effect of making the state a less attractive location to work
for recent graduates, who are often tens of thousands of dollars in debt.

Maine does not have any in-state accrediting veterinary schools, so all students
would need to go to an out-of-state institution for four years to get their
licenses. The national average tuition for the class of 2009 is $27,541 for
out-of-state students, not including living or additional educational expenses,
said Michael Chaddock of the Association of American Veterinary Medical
Colleges.

The average debt load for 2005 graduates after four years of veterinary graduate
work was $82,731, which does not include debt incurred from getting a bachelor's
degree, he said.

"Essentially, someone coming out of school with a huge debt load for college and
four years of veterinary school will go into an area that has a lot of farms,"
Hoenig said. "People used to be able to set up a practice in the York and
Cumberland county areas - there just isn't the population there anymore."

Turner veterinarian Becky Myers covers all of Androscoggin and Cumberland
counties and works in some areas of Franklin, York and Kennebec counties. She
said she has attempted to hire several assistants over the 17 years she has
practiced in Maine, and none has stayed longer than four years.

The sheer nature of large-animal practice requires long commutes to farms, but
having to do it all alone significantly cuts down the amount of clients that can
be seen in a day, she said.

"Six to eight stops a day is a really busy day for me because I sometimes have
to drive two hours just to get someplace," she said. "If I could hire more
people, we could cover more ground."

The long commutes have also led some veterinarians to begin instructing farmers
on how to conduct many basic procedures by giving instructions over the phone or
drafting up pamphlets. Owners are often uncomfortable doing these procedures,
which can later lead to euthanasias if the animals pose too much trouble,
Doughty said.

Terri Suchar, who owns Terrus Farms in Lewiston with her husband, has had to
administer basic procedures like vaccinations to her dairy cows because her
veterinarian was swamped with work.

While her farm has always been able to secure emergency care when needed, she
said the vet shortage is a concern weighing on the minds of the local farmers
she knows.

"I just looked at the pamphlet and tried to follow the procedures the best I
could," she said. "You just have to try to be flexible with your vet and not get
upset about it."

In a small-animal clinic, veterinarians can treat about 20 to 25 animals a day,
Myers said. The number of animals seen daily in a large-animal clinic is
significantly lower, and so is the amount of daily revenue, she said.

The lack of revenue only perpetuates the veterinarian shortage, as many vets can
simply not afford to hire another person in their practices, Myers said.

Physical conditions can also turn away potential hires at large-animal
veterinary clinics because working conditions can be harsh.

Small-animal vets often stay in the clinics and may not be on-call, while some
large-animal veterinarians say they are called to barns in the middle of the
night, work in frozen or scorchingly hot conditions and risk getting seriously
hurt if kicked, scratched or bitten by a large animal.

"There are definitely things more appealing than to be out in February in
subzero weather working out in middle of a field," Doughty said.

While large-animal veterinarians said that the large-animal practice can be the
least lucrative and most difficult type of veterinary field to join, the
personal satisfaction gained from the job makes it worthwhile.

"It's a huge struggle, a huge endeavor," said Doughty, who integrated a
large-animal practice with her small-animal practice a little over a year ago.
"But I just love working with the different species, and it's just a lot of fun
to be able to see a variety of animals everyday."

Staff Writer Cristina Bautista can be contacted at 791-6365 or at:

cbautista@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Staff photo by John Patriquin
Veterinarian Tammy Doughty visits Village Farm in Waldoboro on Friday to perform
various procedures on alpacas. Doughty is one of about 30 to 40 large- animals
vets practicing in the state.
Staff photo by John Patriquin
Veterinarian Tammy Doughty prepares a sedative before operating on an alpaca,
held by its owner, Ricki Waltz of Edgecomb. At left is Meghan Olson, Doughty's
vet student assistant. The procedure was done at a Waldoboro alpaca farm.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                    October 29, 2003 Wednesday CITY EDITION

PRODUCE FARMERS SET TO SEEK AID
PROCESS FOR DROUGHT RELIEF IS STILL UNCLEAR

BYLINE: LEE EGERSTROMPioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 504 words


Vegetable farmer Wang Kou Vang watched the summer drought drive his produce
harvest down by 60 percent to 70 percent in Dakota County and by 40 percent in
Washington County -- meaning his revenue from this year's sales at the St. Paul
Farmers' Market won't cover his $300-an-acre land rent and costs for seed,
fertilizer and tillage.

Harvesting fresh produce stopped at both Vang's sites in mid-August, ending a
selling season that normally runs late into September, the Ramsey County
resident said.

He will be among several metropolitan-area farmers seeking federal drought
disaster loans this year.

"This is really important," Vang said of the loan program.

But just how the program will work remains unclear.

Nuts and bolts details of the disaster loan program are expected within a few
days at the United States Department of Agriculture's Minnesota state office,
and may change from previous disaster programs, said Warren Pommier, director of
Farm Service Agency loan programs.

What is clear is that farmers in 62 Minnesota counties have been certified as
disaster eligible, meaning they had at least a 30 percent loss for one or more
crops. Farmers in adjoining counties who can show appropriate crop losses also
will be eligible for low-interest loans to tide them over until another growing
season and harvest.

That means that fruit and vegetable growers in the Twin Cities area who have
commercial gardens and farmland across the border in neighboring Wisconsin
counties also will be eligible for disaster loans, Pommier said. Twin Cities
metro area counties are included in the disaster declaration.

The USDA notified members of the Minnesota congressional delegation and
Minnesota state officials last Friday that Minnesota's request for a disaster
declaration has been approved. Unless Congress changes the benefits, the
disaster declaration should qualify Minnesota farmers for emergency 3.75
percent-interest emergency loans, Farm Service Agency officials said.

Washington County and Dakota County offices of the Farm Service Agency will
handle loan applications for the small number of farmers in Ramsey County who
have also been certified as eligible for the program.

Brian Hartman, a farm loan program specialist with the Farm Service Agency state
office in St. Paul, said the program will need to find ways to quantify crop or
income losses for metro area farmers. This has rarely if ever been done, he
said, "but it's doable."

In contrast, farmers who grow major field crops such as corn, soybeans, wheat
and sugar beets have established yields registered with federal agencies or
insurance programs, making disaster loan applications routine.

Farm Service Agency loan officers will probably need to consult with insurance
agents and other reliable sources such as local markets and the St. Paul
Farmers' Market to determine what normal yields would be for vegetable crops,
Hartman said.

Lee Egerstrom can be reached at legerstrom@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5437.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                    October 29, 2003 Wednesday CITY EDITION

PRODUCE FARMERS SET TO SEEK AID
PROCESS FOR DROUGHT RELIEF IS STILL UNCLEAR

BYLINE: LEE EGERSTROMPioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 504 words


Vegetable farmer Wang Kou Vang watched the summer drought drive his produce
harvest down by 60 percent to 70 percent in Dakota County and by 40 percent in
Washington County -- meaning his revenue from this year's sales at the St. Paul
Farmers' Market won't cover his $300-an-acre land rent and costs for seed,
fertilizer and tillage.

Harvesting fresh produce stopped at both Vang's sites in mid-August, ending a
selling season that normally runs late into September, the Ramsey County
resident said.

He will be among several metropolitan-area farmers seeking federal drought
disaster loans this year.

"This is really important," Vang said of the loan program.

But just how the program will work remains unclear.

Nuts and bolts details of the disaster loan program are expected within a few
days at the United States Department of Agriculture's Minnesota state office,
and may change from previous disaster programs, said Warren Pommier, director of
Farm Service Agency loan programs.

What is clear is that farmers in 62 Minnesota counties have been certified as
disaster eligible, meaning they had at least a 30 percent loss for one or more
crops. Farmers in adjoining counties who can show appropriate crop losses also
will be eligible for low-interest loans to tide them over until another growing
season and harvest.

That means that fruit and vegetable growers in the Twin Cities area who have
commercial gardens and farmland across the border in neighboring Wisconsin
counties also will be eligible for disaster loans, Pommier said. Twin Cities
metro area counties are included in the disaster declaration.

The USDA notified members of the Minnesota congressional delegation and
Minnesota state officials last Friday that Minnesota's request for a disaster
declaration has been approved. Unless Congress changes the benefits, the
disaster declaration should qualify Minnesota farmers for emergency 3.75
percent-interest emergency loans, Farm Service Agency officials said.

Washington County and Dakota County offices of the Farm Service Agency will
handle loan applications for the small number of farmers in Ramsey County who
have also been certified as eligible for the program.

Brian Hartman, a farm loan program specialist with the Farm Service Agency state
office in St. Paul, said the program will need to find ways to quantify crop or
income losses for metro area farmers. This has rarely if ever been done, he
said, "but it's doable."

In contrast, farmers who grow major field crops such as corn, soybeans, wheat
and sugar beets have established yields registered with federal agencies or
insurance programs, making disaster loan applications routine.

Farm Service Agency loan officers will probably need to consult with insurance
agents and other reliable sources such as local markets and the St. Paul
Farmers' Market to determine what normal yields would be for vegetable crops,
Hartman said.

Lee Egerstrom can be reached at legerstrom@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5437.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 16, 1983, Friday, Final Edition

Family Farmers Will Not Lose Loan Preference

SECTION: First Section; The Federal Report; A21

LENGTH: 369 words


The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) apparently has reversed plans to hand out
money on a first-come, first-served basis when it resumes a $600 million
emergency farm loan program next week.

The reversal means that FmHA will continue to observe a congressionally imposed
requirement that family farmers, rather than large corporate operators, be given
preference.

FmHA sources indicated that the agency, part of the Agriculture Department, had
intended to resume loan-making without observing the family-farm preference.

Those reports brought calls of protest and complaints from around the country
last week, and farm-state legislators put out queries to the agency for more
information.

"There is more than symbolism to this," said Gene Severens of the Center for
Rural Affairs in Walthill, Neb., a small-farmer advocacy organization that
monitors FmHA activities. "It shows how callous they can be, how willing they
are to disregard these interests."

Economic emergency loans were stopped in fiscal 1982 by Secretary John R. Block
after he declared that farm credit conditions had improved sufficiently to make
the program unnecessary.

But U.S. District Judge Thomas A. Flannery, in a suit brought by Minnesota
farmer Willie Ole Knute Kjeldahl, ordered the loans resumed, saying Block had
"abused" his discretionary power over the program. FmHA decided to reopen the
program after members of Congress urged the department not to appeal.

Sarah Vogel, a Grand Forks, N.D., attorney involved in the case, worried that if
FmHA dropped the family-farmer preference, the $600 million fund might be
consumed quickly by larger farmers seeking loans up to the $400,000 limit.

"It would have been another slap in the face," she said. "It took us so long to
free up this money, and then they wanted to ignore the family-farm preference.
There still is not much concern for small farmers at FmHA."

Rep. Ed Jones (D-Tenn.), chairman of a House Agriculture subcommittee on credit,
said: "These are strange times when American farmers are forced to seek relief
from their government in the federal courts, instead of relying on the
administration to use good judgment in administering its farm programs."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                            October 31, 1986 Friday

Call for frost area state of emergency

BYLINE: JIM MCCARTER

LENGTH: 425 words


A call has been made for a state of emergency to be declared to help central
Eyre Peninsula cereal growers devastated by last week's extreme frost.

Mr Dunn, MLC, whose own farm at Rudall was hit by the frost, said some farmers
would be wiped out unless they received assistance in the form of low-interest
loans.

He believed Federal funding could be made available under a state of emergency
at an interest rate of 4 p.c., or 8 p.c. when State administration costs were
included.

But a spokesperson for the Minister of Agriculture, Mr Mayes, said the State
Government would have great difficulty persuading the Federal Government that
the frost situation should be categorised as a state of emergency under the
usual natural disaster criteria which applied mainly to events such as bushfires
and floods.

Nonetheless, Mr Mayes would examine the possibilities for obtaining Federal
assistance.

As far as State assistance was concerned, the Minister was still waiting for a
detailed assessment by the Department of Agriculture. Conflicting reports were
reaching him on its extent, he said.

The area affected by the frost was extended yesterday after damage was reported
in the Warramboo area, north of Lock.

Mr Dunn said the effect of the frost was similar to a bushfire having gone
through the region.

It was having a disastrous effect on farm families which had been under great
strain in trying to cope with soaring interest rates and falling returns.

"One farmer at Murlong, who owes $100,000, has lost 99 p.c. of his crop," Mr
Dunn said.

"He will have nil income this year, apart from some minor returns from wool, and
will have to leave his farm with just his shirt on his back unless he gets some
emergency assistance."

Another farmer, who had outlaid about $50,000 to sow 570 hectares of crop, also
had lost the lot. Another had lost nearly 250 hectares.

Both had said they would go to the wall unless they could get cheaper finance to
carry on.

Mr Dunn said reports reaching him suggested many other farmers in the area could
be in similar trouble.

"These farmers are really looking down the barrel," Mr Dunn said. "They
certainly cannot afford to borrow funds at today's commercial interest rates -
19.5 p.c. for loans under $100,000 and 19.75 p.c. for loans over $100,000."

The Department of Agriculture's agronomist at Cleve, Mr David Lewis, said a
frost-damage field day for farmers in the Warramboo district would be held on
Monday, starting from Kopi, south of Warrambook, at 10 a.m.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1986 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                           September 14, 2010 Tuesday

Farmers eligible for assistance loans

BYLINE: Lebanon Daily News

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 265 words


Farmers in 38 Pennsylvania counties, including Lebanon County, are eligible for
emergency loans following a U.S. Department of Agriculture declaration designed
to help producers recover from crop losses associated with dry weather
conditions this summer, Agriculture Secretary Russell C. Redding has announced.

"Dry conditions experienced throughout much of the state this summer have
resulted in considerable crop loss for Pennsylvania farmers, affecting their
ability to maintain profitable businesses," Redding said in a news release.

Sixteen counties were declared primary disaster areas, including Bucks, Carbon,
Chester, Dauphin, Franklin, Fulton, Lehigh, Luzerne, Monroe, Montgomery,
Northampton, Northumberland, Schuylkill, Snyder, Union and York.

Twenty-two additional counties that border the primary disaster area were named
contiguous disaster areas. Contiguous counties include Adams, Bedford, Berks,
Centre, Clinton, Columbia, Cumberland, Delaware, Huntingdon, Juniata,
Lackawanna, Lancaster, Lebanon, Lycoming, Mifflin, Montour, Perry, Philadelphia,
Pike, Sullivan, Wayne and Wyoming.

Farmers in the primary and contiguous drought counties may apply for
low-interest emergency loans through their county farm service agency, provided
they meet eligibility requirements. Producers have eight months from the date of
the disaster declaration to apply. The agency will consider each application on
its own merit based on losses, available resources and repayment ability.

To receive a loan application, farmers should contact their local farm service
agency or visit www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Iowa Moratorium May Be Little Help

                           October 3, 1985, Thursday

By ANDREA BENNETT and RICHARD RINGER

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Few of Iowa's financially distressed farmers are expected to benefit immediately
from a foreclosure moratorium they can now request.

The limited impact is likely because of expected legal challenges and confusion
over what types of farm loans the moratorium covers. In addition, many
commercial bankers say they already have a self-imposed moratorium as they help
farmers struggling with debt payment problems.

The moratorium, nonetheless, brings national attention to the farm financial
crisis, which some observers say is the real intent of the suspension.
Additional attention could be gained if other states follow Iowa's lead, and
Nebraska may do just that.

Iowa farmers can seek a one-year postponement on foreclosure as a result of Gov.
Terry Branstad's decision to declare on Tuesday an ''economic emergency'' in the
state. The governor had contemplated such a declaration for months, and his
press aide, Susan Neely, said he was forced to make it because Congress has
failed to produce a meaningful 1986 farm bill.

Some observers, including several bankers, said Mr. Branstad's action was taken
to enhance his political future. His term ends next year, and it is widely
expected that he will seek re-election.

Mr. Branstad's state-of-emergency declaration put into effect a state law that
allows farmers to seek a moratorium, which must be approved by a district court
judge. The lender can petition to terminate a moratorium if it can be shown that
the lender has acted in good faith and helped the farmer use all available
federal and state programs, and if it can be proved that the farmer hasn't made
interest payments on the debt.

Pete Croghan of Woodbine, a farmer and president of the Iowa Farmers Union,
praised the governor's action. Mr. Croghan said that in discussions with the
governor's aides, he was told that an estimated 1,000 farmers could benefit from
the moratorium.

Of the 110,000 farmers in Iowa, 40% have severe financial problems, according to
the state agriculture department. Those farmers have a debt-to-asset ratio above
70%. Many analysts predict that farmers with debt-to-asset ratios above 40% have
only a slim chance of staying in business.  Could Affect Wide Range of Lenders

The moratorium potentially could affect a wide range of farm lenders, including
state-chartered commercial banks and the various agencies of the Farm Credit
System. After an early September meeting with top Farm Credit officials, Mr.
Branstad said that he feared the system was planning a ''massive liquidation''
of farmers in Iowa and three other midwestern states.

On Wednesday, Mr. Branstad's press aide said the Farm Credit System was studying
the Iowa moratorium, and that system officials may challenge the state's farm
loan foreclosure law. A spokesman for the Farm Credit Bank of Omaha, which has
lending authority in Iowa, could not be reached for comment.

Other legal challenges may focus on what kinds of farm loans are covered by the
moratorium. The Iowa law mentions only farm real estate loans. It is uncertain
whether that means direct loans to finance farm real estate or also farm
operating loans that are collateralized with farm real estate.

Rural commercial banks finance a large number of farm production loans, but they
generally don't finance loans for land purchases. Thus, if the moratorium covers
only loans to finance farm land purchases, the commercial banks won't be
affected much by the moratorium.

The Iowa Bankers Association, which for several years has opposed proposals for
a moratorium, said farmers will not be helped by the governor's decision. Once a
moratorium is lifted, interest payments and principal must still be made. And
lenders may be hesitant to extend credit to some farmers.

A moratorium ''will make it tough on us when we look at some loans,'' said Royce
Nelson, a vice president at Exchange State Bank in Collins. If the bank doesn't
have the option of seeking foreclosure on a farm loan that may sour, the bank
may be reluctant to make the loan. ''It will change the way we look at the loan,
'' Mr. Royce said.

Richard Halverson, executive vice president of Corwith State Bank, said he
doesn't expect the moratorium to have much effect because it covers the farm
borrowers the banks are most likely to work with. ''Most bankers in the state
feel if the farmer is in the position to pay the interest, we'll ride with him
for another year,'' he said.  Might Dry Up Credit

But he said he was afraid the moratorium might dry up potential credit for
farmers. He said he knew of a commitment by out-of-state insurance companies to
lend $1.3 million in his area so farmers could refinance Farm Credit System
loans at lower interest rates. He said there was a chance that those kinds of
commitments would disappear because of the moratorium.

''It could very definitely affect farmers' operating credit,'' said Paul D.
Dunlap, president of Hawkeye Bancorp. of Des Moines. Mr. Dunlap said he doesn't
expect the moratorium to have a major effect on the holding company, but he was
concerned that federal regulators would not show the same forbearance towards
farm loans that the state would now require banks to show.

At least two other states have some form of moratoriums on farm debt. In its
last legislative session, the Minnesota Legislature extended a law originally
enacted in 1983 that allows farmers to go to court to seek either a six-month or
12-month postponement of a foreclosure sale, said Jeff Torp, staff attorney with
the Independent Bankers of Minnesota.

Nebraska has a law that allows farmers to go to court for a nine-month stay of
foreclosure. On Tuesday, members of Nebraska Gov. Bob Kerrey's staff and the
Nebraska attorney general's office met to discuss legal issues surrounding
lengthening the time a farmer could postpone a foreclosure, said Bill Kerrey,
staff assistant to the governor.

He said the issue could arise at a special session that is expected to be called
sometime this year. No date for the special session has been set.

SECTION: AGRICULTURE LENDING; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1009 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            July 13, 1994, Wednesday

THE FLOOD OF '94: AN ONGOING CRISIS How you can help

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section D; Page 8

LENGTH: 901 words


The Georgia Emergency Management Agency appreciates any help, but asks that all
calls regarding donations be direct ed to the American Red Cross and the
Salvation Army. To volunteer to help, call GEMA at 1-800- 879-4362.

The Salvation Army is accepting donations of sealed bottled water and cleaning
supplies at several of its metro Atlanta locations. Call 873- 3101. Financial
contributions can be mailed to The Salvation Army, Georgia Flood Relief, P.O.
Box 5378, Atlanta, Ga. 30307.

Habitat for Humanity International, based in hard-hit Americus in Sumter County,
has created the Habitat Emergency Fund to help cover costs of assistance in
Georgia, Florida and Alabama. Volunteers also are helping authorities in Sumter
County. Checks may be sent to HFHI Emergency Fund, 121 Habitat St., Americus,
Ga. 31709.

Those wishing to help flood victims can call 1-800-842-2200 or 1-800- 257-7575
(Spanish language) to charge a financial contribution to a credit card.
Donations by check may be made to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief, P.O.
Box 101590, Atlanta, Ga. 30392.

The March of Dimes needs donations of jars of baby food, rice cereal,
ready-mixed canned formula, disposable diapers, wet wipes and Avon Skin-So-Soft
to aid mothers and babies. Drop items off at the March of Dimes office at 2
Northside 75 N.W., Suite 100, Monday-Friday, 8:30 a.m.-7 p.m. 350-9800

The Georgia Veterinary Medical Association is seeking donations of emergency
supplies to deliver to veterinarians and pets in the South Georgia flood areas
Thursday and Friday. The association needs dog and cat food, canvas tents and
tarps, chain link fencing and animal cages as well as financial assistance. The
collection site is the association's headquarters at 3050 Holcomb Bridge Road,
Norcross. It will be open to accept donations today and Thursday from 10 a.m. to
4 p.m. For more information: 416-1633.

To make a credit card donation to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund,
dial 511 and enter code 7505. Have your Visa, MasterCard or American Express
ready and follow the instructions. Each call costs 50 cents and the net proceeds
and transaction fees will go to the American Red Cross. See page A2 for details.

IF YOU NEED HELP:

To request federal assistance because of storm damage, call FEMA at
1-800-462-9029. A joint federal/state disaster field office will be open in East
Point by today to administer assistance programs. The office will be in the
former Federal Aviation Administration office at 3400 Norman Berry Drive.

The Red Cross main switchboard number in Atlanta is 404-881-9800 or you can call
the Georgia Field Office at 1-800-466-4557. They can direct you to the local
chapter in your area.

Disaster centers

Four Disaster Application Centers opened Monday and others will open soon,
including another in Albany. For homeowners, the typical response time for aid
is seven to 10 days. The centers will be open from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Here are the
current locations:

Bibb County, Macon Coliseum, 200 Coliseum Drive, Macon.

Clayton County, Jonesboro Middle School, 137 Spring St., Jonesboro.

Dougherty County, Highland Middle School, 1001 Highland Ave., Albany.

Sumter County, Americus High School, 805 Harrold Ave., Americus.

Emergency management officials said the preferred method of taking applications
is over the telephone. The disaster application hotline, open 24 hours a day, is
1-800-462-9029 and, for the hearing and speech impaired, is 1-800-462-7585.

Road information

The Georgia Department of Transportation has opened a toll-free line for drivers
who want to find out the condition of roads in the flooded areas:
1-800-435-7955.

Emergency loan programs

Emergency management agencies have outlined loans and grants available to
flood-stricken families and businesses. To receive federal assistance,
homeowners and businesses located in flood plains must agree to buy flood
insurance spanning the life of the loan. Qualified applicants for housing grants
or loans will get a check within seven to 10 days of filing an application,
officials said. Here are the assistance programs:

Disaster Housing Assistance. FEMA may provide funds for anyone whose residence
has been destroyed to obtain alternate rental housing or to make essential
repairs.

Individual and Family Grants. Grants of up to $ 12,000 may be available to
repair massive infrastructure problems in counties and communities.

Home/Personal Property Disaster Loans. Small Business Administration
low-interest loans (6.625 percent) are available to homeowners and renters for
restoring and replacing damaged real estate and personal property. Maximum is $
200,000 for real estate and $ 40,000 for personal property.

Disaster Unemployment Assistance. Weekly benefit payments can be provided to
those out of work, including self-employed farm workers.

Business Disaster Loans. The Small Business Administration offers loans (at 4
percent) of up to $ 1.5 million to repair or replace destroyed or damaged
businesses, inventory or equipment.

Housing Loans/Grants. The Farmers Home Administration can make loans to damaged
permanent residences. Grants of up to $ 5,000 are available to applicants 62 and
older with low incomes.

Farm Assistance. The Farmers Home Administration may make emergency loans to
farmers and ranchers who were operating and managing a farm or ranch at the time
of the flooding.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942000193

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 7, 2009 Tuesday

Livestock losses start trickling in

BYLINE: Mikkel Pates, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 407 words


Apr. 7--FARGO, N.D. -- Livestock loss totals are trickling in western North
Dakota.

As of March 31, the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency state
office says Emmons County has lost 200 head and Stark County had two cases of
loss -- one 200 head and another 10. Bowman County is posting similar numbers.

"There are unsubstantiated losses in the Badlands, where they haven't seen
them," says Jim Jost, North Dakota program specialist with USDA's Farm Service
Agency. "That doesn't mean they're not alive, but, come spring -- or whatever."

There also have been concerns about livestock shelters collapsing, causing
animal deaths.

So far, it's not like 1997, when North Dakota lost about 120,000 livestock
because of blizzard and flood conditions and the National Guard had to be
brought in to help with burial.

The 2008 farm bill contains a permanent disaster program that offers partial
compensation for livestock deaths, Jost says. The Livestock Indemnity Program
pays at 75 percent of market value for livestock losses in excess of normal
mortality as a result of weather conditions.

This program is capped at $100,000 per person per calendar or crop year.

The cap is for a combination of the Supplemental Revenue program, the LIP, the
Livestock Feed Program and the Emergency Livestock Assistance Program.

Losses from 2009 are counted under a new limit.

Dale Ihry, a North Dakota state program specialist in Fargo with the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency, estimates there may be a
handful of North Dakota ranchers who would hit the $100,000 limit for 2008
losses.

Emergency low-interest loans already were available in 2008 because of
secretarial disaster programs, which have overlapped into 2009 for some
counties. A presidential disaster disaster declaration for 2009, once received,
also will trigger low-interest loans.

A secretarial disaster declaration, which offers low-interest loans, or access
to the SURE program for eligible, won't be done until late summer and fall.
Damage assessments are initiated by the governor.

To see more of Agweek, or to subscribe to the magazine, go to
http://www.agweek.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Agweek Magazine Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090407-AW-LIVESTOCK-LOSS-20090407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2009 Agweek


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

New York: Governor Cuomo Announces Disaster Declaration For 24 Counties Across
New York State to Assist Farmers Impacted By Drought

LENGTH: 1130  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Office of the Governor of New York has issued the following news
release:



  Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced that 24 counties across Upstate New
York have been designated as a natural disaster area by the federal government
as a result of this summer's drought. These designations mean that farmers in
those areas may be eligible for assistance, including emergency loans, from the
United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency. Additionally, State
Agriculture Commissioner Richard A. Ball, state lawmakers and other farm leaders
will be conducting on-site assessments of farms affected by the drought, while
the state works closely with Cornell University expert hydrologists and climate
professors to help understand and study the outlook for recovery.





 "Strong agriculture is critical to the vibrancy of Upstate New York and this
year's hot, dry summer have created significant challenges to this crucial
industry," Governor Cuomo said. "From Western New York to the North Country, New
York's growers and producers are major drivers of our economy and the benefits
they provide to the community are immeasurable. In these difficult times, we
must ensure that they have full access to all the resources necessary for making
a full recovery."



 "Our hearts go out to the farmers and ranchers affected by the drought in New
York," said United States Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama
and I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling New York
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."



 Disaster declaration is based on reporting of crop loss to the federal Farm
Service Agency and a D3 designation by the U.S. Drought Monitor. The federal
government declared 15 counties as primary natural disaster areas and an
additional nine counties as contiguous disaster counties due to a recent
drought. In addition, several other counties in the North Country, the Finger
Lakes, Central New York, and the Southern Tier regions are also requesting
primary disaster declarations.



 The primary counties included under this designation are in Western New York,
Finger Lakes, Central New York, and Southern Tier and they include:



 Western New York



     Erie

     Niagara



 Finger Lakes



     Genesee

     Livingston

     Monroe

     Ontario

     Seneca

     Wyoming

     Yates



 Central New York



     Cayuga



 Southern Tier



     Chemung

     Schuyler

     Steuben

     Tioga

     Tompkins



 The federal government also named nine counties in the Finger Lakes, Western
New York, Southern Tier, and Central New York as contiguous disaster counties.
They include:



 Western New York



     Allegany

     Cattaraugus

     Chautauqua



 Southern Tier



     Broome



 Central New York



     Cortland

     Onondaga

     Oswego



 Finger Lakes



     Orleans

     Wayne



 In addition, the New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets will
continue to work with its partners in monitoring the drought situation and its
effect on New York farms in these and other counties across the State, including
in the North Country, Capital Region and on Long Island. The Department will
also tour affected farms in Western New York, the North Country and the Southern
Tier.



 A disaster designation makes farm operators in primary counties and those
counties contiguous eligible to be considered for certain assistance from the
Farm Service Agency, provided eligibility requirements are met. This assistance
includes emergency loans. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from
the date of the disaster declaration to apply for emergency loans.



 The Farm Service Agency considers each emergency loan application based on the
extent of production losses on the farm, and the security and repayment ability
of the operator. Local FSA offices can provide affected farmers with further
information. Contact information for the offices can be found here.



 State Commissioner Richard A. Ball said, "The lack of rain we have been seeing
this summer has been presenting serious challenges for farms in areas of the
state. While it's too early to tell what the overall impact will be, forage,
hay, corn, and grain crops to feed animals over the winter will likely be
affected, so it's critical that these counties be declared as disaster areas so
they can apply for the assistance they may need. We will continue to survey
farms across the State and encourage our farmers to reach out to us or to FSA if
they have any questions."



 Senate Agriculture Committee Chair Senator Patty Ritchie said, "This summer's
unusually hot, dry weather has meant severely damaged crops and lost profits for
hardworking farmers across our state, including many in region I represent,"
said. "In light of these recent, arid conditions, our farmers need help--and I
would like to thank Governor Cuomo for recognizing that. This disaster
declaration is a start toward getting farmers the assistance they need to
rebound from the devastating drought, and I look forward to the designation
being expanded to other impacted counties--including Jefferson County--so our
farmers can continue to contribute to the growth of New York's leading
industry."



 Assembly Agriculture Committee Chair Assemblyman Bill Magee said, "I thank
Governor Cuomo and Commissioner Ball for their concern during this difficult and
unpredictable time for farmers across the State. They have been working in
partnership with our agricultural industry partners to help farmers stay
informed and report their losses, ensuring they could take advantage of the
federal assistance available in extreme circumstances like this."



 New York Farm Bureau President Dean Norton said, "New York Farm Bureau is
pleased that USDA Secretary Vilsack acted quickly and recognized the impact that
this summer's drought has had on our farmers in New York. Many of our farmers in
these affected areas are in need of assistance with feed, water and other
resources. The declaration is the first step in working to get assistance to
those farmers in their time of need."



 The New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets, along with its Soil
and Water Conservation Districts, Farm Bureau, Cornell Cooperative Extension and
the Cornell Eden program, recommend that farmers affected by the drought should
continue to document their conditions (pictures and video), and any losses.
Farmers can also file a CCC- 576 (Notice of Loss) with their local USDA Farm
Service Agency.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 20, 1984, Friday, Final Edition

Reagan to Propose Trimming '85 FMHA Budget by $3 Billion

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A10

LENGTH: 565 words


President Reagan will propose cutting about $3 billion from Farmers Home
Administration (FmHA) programs for low-income rural housing assistance and loans
to farmers in fiscal 1985, according to unpublished budget documents.

Although the administration apparently has backed away from the block grant
approach to rural housing aid that Congress scuttled last year, the FmHA budget
will propose major reductions in housing assistance for the poor.

Rural housing loans for rental units, low-income single-family units, domestic
farm laborers and other programs would drop from a current level of $3.3 billion
to $2.3 billion under these proposals--which are almost certain to draw fire
from Capitol Hill.

The proposed FmHA fiscal 1985 budget would be $6.4 billion, compared with $9.4
billion in the current fiscal year.

"That is absolutely not 'safety-net' politics," said an aide to Rep. Henry B.
Gonzalez (D-Tex.), chairman of the House Banking subcommittee that oversees
rural housing programs. "Even the $940 million for rental housing loans in the
current budget is inadequate. Now they would cut it to $690 million. It really
falls short of the mark. And remember, this is for the lowest-income rural
people."

Jim Schuyler, an official of the National Association of Home Builders, said his
organization had not seen the FmHA budget figures, but would be developing a
position on proposed reductions at a meeting in Houston this week. The NAHB
traditionally has supported the rural programs, which channel loan money to
builders of low-income rental units.

The president's FmHA budget proposals also include:

Elimination of the controversial business and industrial loan program, a
congressional pet now funded for $300 million.

A $25 million cut, down to $600 million, in farm-ownership loans, but an
increase of $160 million, up to $1.9 billion, in operating loans to farmers who
cannot obtain money elsewhere.

Discontinuation of a $600 million economic emergency loan program for
farmers--originally halted by the Department of Agriculture but restarted under
a federal court order last month--and a $1.2 billion cut in the emergency
disaster loan program for farmers.

In a possible reflection of farm-belt politics in an election year, though the
agricultural loan program would be held $1.6 billion below its current level,
this year's proposed cuts are less than those of previous years.

A justification accompanying the spending proposals says that operating loan
levels would be increased because of the continuing difficulty many farmers have
in getting help from commercial lenders. "These borrowers are unlikely to be
able to establish other lines of credit until their cash and equity position
improves," the FmHA said.

The apparent sharp reduction in FmHA agricultural lending activity may be
deceptive, however. The budget will propose a cut of $1.1 billion in the
emergency disaster loan program, dropping it to $870 million. But the program is
keyed to respond to weather and natural disasters, which usually are beyond the
control of the FmHA and the White House.

Other proposed cuts include soil and water loans (down $5 million), watershed
protection (down $26 million) and resource conservation loans (down $4 million).
A rural housing restoration program approved last year by Congress would not be
funded under the president's proposal.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 10, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

CONGRESS TO RESUME FIGHT ON AID TO FARMERS

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 25, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 601 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 9


President Reagan's veto of the emergency farm credit bill Wednesday ended only
the first skirmish in a political battle over farm policy that is expected to
continue with few pauses until late fall.

The Democrats' leaders in Congress conceded there were not enough votes to
override the veto. But the next day, joined by many Republicans from the Farm
Belt, they were back in the Senate and House Agriculture Committees blasting
away at the President's new farm proposals as hundreds of visiting farmers
watched and applauded.

The battle will resume Tuesday and again on Thursday when the Senate Agriculture
Committee returns to hearings on these proposals and other farm policy
questions.

The immediate effects of the veto were viewed here as being more political than
economical, giving the Democrats a badly needed issue on which to attack the
opposing party as well as embarrassing the Congressional Republicans who, unlike
Mr. Reagan, will be running again next year.

The credit measure, which Mr. Reagan said was too expensive, too late and
unnecessary, would have provided grain and cotton growers immediate advances on
crop loans not usually available until harvest time.

Measures Already in Effect

But most of the bill's other emergency credit sections were already in effect,
or had been promised by the Administration. It had recently agreed to liberalize
terms for guarantees on farm loans and to increase personnel assigned to process
them.

The rejection of the emergency credit plan came soon after the Administration
presented its proposals for a farm policy law that would gradually remove most
of the subsidies and set lower levels for price-supporting loans farmers have
been depending on since the Depression. Administration officials contend the $15
billion-a-year cost of these subsidies and other farm aid could be reduced by
about $7 billion in 1986 and further cut to about $5 billion annually after
that.

Farm Policy and PricesThe Administration's hopes of salvaging major parts of the
bill were dampened Thursday when Agriculture Secretary John R. Block conceded he
could see no improvement in farm income this year, nor was there anything in the
Administration's bill that would guarantee higher farm prices in 1986.

Testifying before the Senate Agriculture Committee, Mr. Block said: ''I agree
that this year and next year farmers' net income will be down. But in the
following three years, as supply gets closer to demand and we begin exporting
much more, farm price will go up fast.''

Senator David L. Boren, Democrat of Oklahoma, reminded the Secretary that he had
just told the committee that farmers' prices would have to rise 32 percent by
next year to keep all farmers solvent.

'Phase More Farmers Out?'

''Yet you are telling us,'' Senator Boren went on, ''that you foresee a another
drop of 20 to 30 percent in net farm income in 1986. Are you thus saying that
you want to phase more farmers out as you phase out Government help?''

Mr. Block replied: ''You know I don't believe that.  You also know that the only
way we can supply more income for farmers right now is if the Government spends
more money to support them.''

Under further prickly questioning from Democrats, Mr. Block also conceded that
none of the major farm organizations or commodity groups backed the President's
proposals.

''But they all agree that the current farm law isn't working and ought to be
changed,'' Mr. Block said. ''And I have heard plenty of support from individual
farmers all around the country for these changes.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

Governor Cuomo Announces Disaster Declaration For 24 Counties Across New York
State to Assist Farmers Impacted By Drought

LENGTH: 1132  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document (news):



  Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced that 24 counties across Upstate New
York have been designated as a natural disaster area by the federal government
as a result of this summer's drought. These designations mean that farmers in
those areas may be eligible for assistance, including emergency loans, from the
United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency. Additionally, State
Agriculture Commissioner Richard A. Ball, state lawmakers and other farm leaders
will be conducting on-site assessments of farms affected by the drought, while
the state works closely with Cornell University expert hydrologists and climate
professors to help understand and study the outlook for recovery.





 "Strong agriculture is critical to the vibrancy of Upstate New York and this
year's hot, dry summer have created significant challenges to this crucial
industry," Governor Cuomo said. "From Western New York to the North Country, New
York's growers and producers are major drivers of our economy and the benefits
they provide to the community are immeasurable. In these difficult times, we
must ensure that they have full access to all the resources necessary for making
a full recovery."



 "Our hearts go out to the farmers and ranchers affected by the drought in New
York," said United States Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama
and I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling New York
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."



 Disaster declaration is based on reporting of crop loss to the federal Farm
Service Agency and a D3 designation by the U.S. Drought Monitor. The federal
government declared 15 counties as primary natural disaster areas and an
additional nine counties as contiguous disaster counties due to a recent
drought. In addition, several other counties in the North Country, the Finger
Lakes, Central New York, and the Southern Tier regions are also requesting
primary disaster declarations.



 The primary counties included under this designation are in Western New York,
Finger Lakes, Central New York, and Southern Tier and they include:



 Western New York



     Erie

     Niagara



 Finger Lakes



     Genesee

     Livingston

     Monroe

     Ontario

     Seneca

     Wyoming

     Yates



 Central New York



     Cayuga



 Southern Tier



     Chemung

     Schuyler

     Steuben

     Tioga

     Tompkins



 The federal government also named nine counties in the Finger Lakes, Western
New York, Southern Tier, and Central New York as contiguous disaster counties.
They include:



 Western New York



     Allegany

     Cattaraugus

     Chautauqua



 Southern Tier



     Broome



 Central New York



     Cortland

     Onondaga

     Oswego



 Finger Lakes



     Orleans

     Wayne



 In addition, the New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets will
continue to work with its partners in monitoring the drought situation and its
effect on New York farms in these and other counties across the State, including
in the North Country, Capital Region and on Long Island. The Department will
also tour affected farms in Western New York, the North Country and the Southern
Tier.



 A disaster designation makes farm operators in primary counties and those
counties contiguous eligible to be considered for certain assistance from the
Farm Service Agency, provided eligibility requirements are met. This assistance
includes emergency loans. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from
the date of the disaster declaration to apply for emergency loans.



 The Farm Service Agency considers each emergency loan application based on the
extent of production losses on the farm, and the security and repayment ability
of the operator. Local FSA offices can provide affected farmers with further
information. Contact information for the offices can be found here.



 State Commissioner Richard A. Ball said, "The lack of rain we have been seeing
this summer has been presenting serious challenges for farms in areas of the
state. While it's too early to tell what the overall impact will be, forage,
hay, corn, and grain crops to feed animals over the winter will likely be
affected, so it's critical that these counties be declared as disaster areas so
they can apply for the assistance they may need. We will continue to survey
farms across the State and encourage our farmers to reach out to us or to FSA if
they have any questions."



 Senate Agriculture Committee Chair Senator Patty Ritchie said, "This summer's
unusually hot, dry weather has meant severely damaged crops and lost profits for
hardworking farmers across our state, including many in region I represent,"
said. "In light of these recent, arid conditions, our farmers need help--and I
would like to thank Governor Cuomo for recognizing that. This disaster
declaration is a start toward getting farmers the assistance they need to
rebound from the devastating drought, and I look forward to the designation
being expanded to other impacted counties--including Jefferson County--so our
farmers can continue to contribute to the growth of New York's leading
industry."



 Assembly Agriculture Committee Chair Assemblyman Bill Magee said, "I thank
Governor Cuomo and Commissioner Ball for their concern during this difficult and
unpredictable time for farmers across the State. They have been working in
partnership with our agricultural industry partners to help farmers stay
informed and report their losses, ensuring they could take advantage of the
federal assistance available in extreme circumstances like this."



 New York Farm Bureau President Dean Norton said, "New York Farm Bureau is
pleased that USDA Secretary Vilsack acted quickly and recognized the impact that
this summer's drought has had on our farmers in New York. Many of our farmers in
these affected areas are in need of assistance with feed, water and other
resources. The declaration is the first step in working to get assistance to
those farmers in their time of need."



 The New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets, along with its Soil
and Water Conservation Districts, Farm Bureau, Cornell Cooperative Extension and
the Cornell Eden program, recommend that farmers affected by the drought should
continue to document their conditions (pictures and video), and any losses.
Farmers can also file a CCC- 576 (Notice of Loss) with their local USDA Farm
Service Agency.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            July 11, 2012 Wednesday

7-11 NEWS Local briefs

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Briefs; Pg. 7-11 NEWS Local briefs

LENGTH: 597 words


bkm

CHEYENNE

Wyoming counties eligible for emergency loans due to wildfires

A presidential major disaster declaration has made Colorado counties and those
counties in Wyoming considered contiguous eligible for disaster assistance.

Farmers and ranchers may qualify for emergency loans based on losses caused by
fires occurring on June 9 and continuing. Albany and Laramie counties in Wyoming
are considered contiguous counties to the primary designated Colorado counties
and are therefore also eligible for assistance.

To qualify for production loss loans, applicants must have suffered at least a
30 percent loss of their normal production per acre or normal per animal
production. Production losses are calculated from an average of the three years
immediately preceding the disaster year and may be made for an amount up to 100
percent of the total actual calculated production loss.

Physical loss loan applicants must have suffered severe physical losses
affecting the ability of their operation to continue on a reasonably sound
basis. All applicants must have sufficient equity to secure the loan and the
operation must show repayment ability.

Under the FSA emergency loan program, the amount available to qualified
producers cannot exceed the sum of the physical loss or $500,000, whichever is
less. The FSA interest rate is 3.75 percent for the entire amount of the loan.
FSA emergency loans are available only to operators of not larger than
family-size farms and operators unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

The deadline for applying under this disaster designation is Feb. 28. For more
information, farmers and ranchers located in the designated counties are
encouraged to contact their local FSA county office.

Historic Governors' Mansion to extend hours during Frontier Days

The Historic Governors' Mansion is offering extended hours and guided tours
during Cheyenne Frontier Days.

The mansion will remain open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. each day of Frontier Days and
offer a schedule of guided tours in celebration of Wyoming State Parks' 75th
anniversary.

Guided mansion tours will be offered at 2 p.m. July 21, 24, 26 and 28, and the
Around the Block Guided Walking Tour will be offered at 9 a.m. July 23 and 27
and 2 p.m. July 25.

All tours are free and open to the public. Call 777-7878

for more information and tour schedules.

UW bulletin highlights cattle, sheep, crop, weed research

Beef cattle, sheep, traditional and alternative farm crops, specialty crops
including vegetables, turf grass variety trials and weed control are among
research projects covered in the Wyoming Agricultural Experiment Station's Field
Days Bulletin.

This is the publication's second year.

"The goal of the bulletin is to document and make publicly available the content
of research and other activities being conducted by WAES and at the four
University of Wyoming research and extension centers," WAES Director Bret Hess
said in a news release. "The bulletin provides a forum for researchers and
educators affiliated with WAES to publish results of their activities and to
introduce new projects."

Those attending an R&E center field day will receive hardcopies of the bulletin.
The publication is also posted on the WAES website at
http://www.uwyo.edu/uwexpstn/ under Important Links on the left side of the
page.

Field days begin at 1:55 p.m. Tuesday, July 17, at the Powell R&E Center; 4 p.m.
Thursday, Aug. 23, at the James C. Hageman Sustainable Agriculture R&E Center
(SAREC) near Lingle; and 5 p.m. Thursday, Aug. 30, at the Laramie R&E Center
greenhouse complex at the corner of 30th and Harney streets.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                            January 5, 1973, Friday

SECTION: Page 12, Column 6

LENGTH: 370 words

Agr Sec Butz on Jan 4 brushes aside criticism that recent Nixon Adm cuts in
longstanding and popular farm programs will harm Adm cuts in longstanding and
popular farm programs will harm rural areas, news conf; foresees gains in farm
income in rural areas, news conf; foresees gains in farm income in 'market
place' rather than from more Fed assistance; points out 'market place' rather
than from more Fed assistance; points out that higher farm prices and a large
export demand would offset that higher farm prices and a large export demand
would offset any cuts in Fed programs; adds that productivity in getting any
cuts in Fed programs; adds that productivity in getting food from farmer to
retail mkt is 'pol problem'; says disaster food from farmer to retail mkt is
'pol problem'; says disaster loan program has gotten 'out of hand' and threatens
to run as loan program has gotten 'out of hand' and threatens to run as high as
$800-million, in '72, as opposed to $80-million high as $800-million, in '72, as
opposed to $80-million committed to it; asserts that farmers can now afford to
carry committed to it; asserts that farmers can now afford to carry out
conservation practices without Fed aid; cutbacks ordered by out conservation
practices without Fed aid; cutbacks ordered by Adm include curtailment of
emergency loan operations in Adm include curtailment of emergency loan
operations in disaster areas, halt to aid for farm conservation work, 3%
disaster areas, halt to aid for farm conservation work, 3% increase in Fed
financing of Rural Electrification Adm and increase in Fed financing of Rural
Electrification Adm and cutback in subsidies for certain crops; HR Agr Com chmn
W R cutback in subsidies for certain crops; HR Agr Com chmn W R Poage says that
one way to challenge farm cuts is to work with Poage says that one way to
challenge farm cuts is to work with other groups facing similar cutbacks; Pres
Nixon announces his other groups facing similar cutbacks; Pres Nixon announces
his intention to nominate W W Erwin and C Yeutter to be Asst Agr intention to
nominate W W Erwin and C Yeutter to be Asst Agr Secs and J A Knebel to be gen
counsel to dept Secs and J A Knebel to be gen counsel to dept

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1973 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 25, 1989, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

The California Quake;
Tangle of Paperwork Snarls Path to Aid For Farm Workers and Shop Owners

BYLINE: By JOHN H. CUSHMAN Jr., Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 29, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 1043 words

DATELINE: WATSONVILLE, Calif., Oct. 24


Homeless farm workers and owners of boarded-up businesses in this community
devastated by the earthquake are encountering a hastily erected bureaucracy that
is supposed to help them prop up their lives.

What they find, as they move from table to table at emergency assistance centers
like the one at a shopping mall here, is confusing paperwork, unfamiliar
regulations, and a few more days, or weeks, of waiting for help to come. But
state and Federal Emergency Management Agency officials say they are doing their
best to cut through the red tape.

Still, relief workers are concerned about whether they will succeed in bringing
their services to immigrants, including illegal aliens, who may fear contact
with the Federal Government. In this largely Hispanic and heavily agricultural
town, assistance center officials said, many of the newly homeless are still
taking shelter in anonymity. Center officials said it appeared that only a small
number of these illegal aliens had come in for help.

''We pay no attention to that whatsoever,'' said Randy May, a state official who
is co-managing the assistance center. ''We don't even ask.''

Many of those lined up today for the hourlong initial interview were owners of
small businesses.

Trepidation at Paperwork

Marie Alcala, who last year opened the Deli-icious restaurant on Main Street,
said she would find it difficult to fill out the paperwork needed by the Small
Business Administration to verify her loan application.

''I need to go through all my records, sort out my personal and business
expenses,'' she said. ''I'm not sure how to even project what we would have made
this year. We were just starting to do well. Now, I'm not sure how we will
reopen. Who is going to want to walk through Main Street? It looks like death.
It's all boarded up.''

But Francisco Ancira, a worker who processes claims at the state medical care
program, Medical, said, ''This is easier than our paperwork over there.'' He
said he expected to hear in a week whether he would get a cash grant of $8,000
to cover for his personal losses.

While the Government cannot hand out money on the spot, FEMA is able to write
checks locally, shaving a few days off the wait for assistance. Officials expect
the first checks to be delivered as early as next week.

''Of course there is red tape,'' said Phil Cogan, a FEMA spokesman, ''but it is
the minimal red tape.''

Most people arrive at the assistance centers uncertain what aid programs might
apply to them, and leave with a sheaf of forms after filling out the initial
application for assistance.

Need to Assess Losses

Olivia Medina, who owns a beauty salon in town, said she could not begin to fill
out the documents to apply for a small business loan until she sees what was
destroyed and determines how much the equipment and supplies were worth.

While her home several miles away was not touched, she was worried about meeting
her mortgage and utility payments. Officials told her to send copies of her loan
applications to creditors, who would probably be patient if she fell behind in
her payments.

''I'm almost guaranteed help,'' she said. But she had no idea how long it would
take to arrive.

Several types of loans and grants are available to individuals and businesses.
Grants are paid directly by FEMA and the state, while the loans are arranged by
the S.B.A. whether they are for businesses or individuals.

Most people who apply for help are sent first to the loan desk, to see whether
they might qualify for loans at interest rates from 4 to 8 percent. Current
ceilings, which might be raised by Congress, allow loans to cover uninsured
private and business property losses of $100,000 for a private residence,
$20,000 for personal property and $500,000 for businesses.

A separate loan program can provide small businesses with up to $500,000 to help
compensate for the loss of business. With Main Street closed in Watsonville, and
customers devastated by their own losses, shop revenues are certain to plummet.

Loans and Grants Provided

Some people are told they cannot afford to pay back loans and therefore qualify
for a grant. They are eligible for rental payments lasting as long as 18 months
if their homes are uninhabitable. They may also be given small grants to make
minor repairs so that they can move back in, or up to $10,400 to meet serious
needs not covered by other programs.

Officials of tax agencies, legal services departments, agencies for the elderly
and veterans, and the like are also on hand at the centers.

Many people were emotionally shaken by the earthquake, and each center has
mental health experts on hand.

Joseph Tein, a family counselor in Santa Cruz who volunteered his services here,
said his job was to ''give them a little psychological first aid,'' and then to
refer them to free services on a longer term basis.

After comforting one woman, he sent her on to face the paperwork. The forms,
while daunting, are actually filled in by trained workers.

''She's homeless, and although she has a family to stay with she feels she has
lost her foundation,'' he said.

Although he lost almost nothing himself in the earthquake, Mr. Tein said that
the relief workers themselves are under stress. ''I called my therapist
yesterday and asked for a session on Thursday,'' he said. ''I feel scattered,
disoriented, lost. I don't know what to do with myself.''

There has been little sign at the centers of victims getting angry at the
bureaucracy itself, although workers were told to be prepared for that.

In Watsonville and at 11 other disaster relief centers opened so far in
earthquake zone, the government's agents, many of whom were reservists trained
as claims processors after the earthquake, projected an aura of welcome and
consolation.

Babies played with bright plastic toys while older children taped crayon
drawings on the wall under the eyes of young women, most of whom did not speak
Spanish, but who knew how to laugh and to hug.

And FEMA workers, who had only English-language forms to work with on Sunday,
today had made translations of some documents, another small step in making the
red tape a little less sticky. FEMA also has a lot of volunteer translators at
the center.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 25, 2010

USDA designates Shelby County as a Primary Natural Disaster Area

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 319  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated Shelby County in Missouri as a
natural disaster area due to losses caused by excessive rainfall, flash
flooding, flooding and high winds that occurred from Feb. 1 through July 15.

"President Obama and I understand these conditions caused severe damage to corn,
wheat, soybeans and sorghum," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "This
action will provide help to hundreds of farmers who suffered significant
production losses."

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Missouri also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous:

Knox, Lewis, Macon, Marion, Monroe, Randolph

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Nov. 10, 2010,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from US-DA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

USDA also has made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program (SURE), which was approved
as part of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008; the Emergency
Conservation Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service
Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and application
procedures for these and other programs. Additional information is also
available online at http://disaster.fsa. usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Monroe County Appeal


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 22, 2009 Tuesday

Drought makes Kern a designated natural disaster area

BYLINE: Courtenay Edelhart, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


Sep. 22--The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated Kern and 20 other
counties natural disaster areas because of the ongoing drought, making growers
in the region eligible for new low-interest emergency loans.

Administered by USDA's Farm Service Agency, the loans are designed for farmers
who've been unable to secure financing from other sources due to bad credit,
inadequate collateral and other challenges.

Growers in another 29 counties contiguous to the primary disaster area also are
eligible for benefits.

"These conditions caused severe damage to the area and serious harm to farms in
California, and we want to help," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in a
statement released Tuesday. "This action will provide help to hundreds of
farmers who suffered significant production losses to rangeland and pasture and
forage crops."

An application deadline hasn't been set for this newest loan program, which
follows two other emergency declarations that make Kern eligible for aid.

One program covers damages and losses caused by low temperatures (primarily in
Santa Barbara County, but Kern is eligible because it's contiguous), and another
one covers damages and losses caused by a freeze followed by excessive heat
(Tulare County but Kern is contiguous).

Applications for both of those programs will be accepted through March 22.

For more information, visit
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=fmlp&topic=efl or call
(661) 336-0967.

To see more of The Bakersfield Californian, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bakersfield.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Bakersfield Californian
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090922-BK-Drought-makes-Kern-a-designated-natural-disaster-area-0922

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2009 The Bakersfield Californian


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 4, 2014 Friday

Washington: USDA designates 11 counties in Texas as Primary Natural Disaster
Areas

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: Washington


Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association has issued the following news
release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated 11 counties in Texas as
primary natural disaster areas due to the recent drought. The counties are Bell,
Comanche, Coryell, Dallas, Eastland, Fannin, Hamilton, Hill, Lamar, McLennan and
Mason.

Farmers and ranchers in the following contiguous counties in Texas also qualify
for natural disaster assistance. Those counties are:
Bosque  Erath  Lampasas  Palo Pinto

Brown

Falls
 Limestone  Red River
Burnet
Gillespie

Llano

Rockwall
Callahan

Grayson

McCulloch

San Saba
Collin

Menard

Shackelford
Delta

Johnson

Milam

Stephens
Denton

Kaufman

Mills

Tarrant
Ellis

Kimble

Navarro

Williamson

Farmers and ranchers in the following contiguous counties in Oklahoma also
qualify for natural disaster assistance. Those counties are: Bryan and Choctaw.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas on April 2,
2014, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own
merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity.

Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs.

For further information please visit: http://tscra.org

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Bankers Still Struggling for Farm Aid;
Bill Offers Banks Half a Billion Dollars to Write Down Agricultural Loans

                           December 16, 1985, Monday

By BARTLETT NAYLOR and J. KIM KAPLAN


Listen to commercial bankers, and you'd think they were ignored, even avoided as
Congress has sought to help farm creditors help farms.

At center stage during the last month has been a battle over federal assistance
to the Farm Credit System.  This is the $75 billion farmer-owned cooperative
that warns it's on the brink of bankruptcy.  Congress must help, the system's
managers insisted, and Congress responded.  A much watered-down bailout bill is
expected to pass Congress this week, and by most accounts, win the President's
signature.

As it turns out, this has been only a sideshow.  The real drama is the Farm
Bill, the multibillion-dollar package of commodity price supports and credit
subsidies.

Last last week, Senate and House conferees agreed to help farm banks with $7.5
billion in credit guarantees and $490 million in interest rate subsidies.  This
money would be administered by the Farmers Home Administration and apply to
three-year loans.  Bankers would bring existing loans to the FmHA and agree to
write down 400 basis points on the loan in exchange for a subsidy covering 200
of those basis points.  On top of this, $7.5 billion worth of these loans will
enjoy the guarantee of the federal government.

According to the Independent Bankers Association of America, this subsidy will
support some $24 billion in farm loans.

Senate and House passage of this bill is anticipated early this week, and
President Reagan is expected to sign the measure.

Weldon Barton, the Independent Banker's farm expert calls it "quite
significant."

Little Revelry

But surprisingly, there's been little revelry among farm bankers over this
victory.

Recall that last March, farm bankers lobbied intensely for credit support.  They
asked for about $100 million in interest rate subsidies, and an increase in the
$750 million in credit guarantees.

That request was honored by Congress in a much-publicized effort.  But President
Reagan vetoed the bill as budget-busting.

In spite of this reversal, farm banks are maintaining a campaign for additional
concessions.  Their platform is one of attempting to achieve equity with the
Farm Credit System, which competes with banks for farmers' business.

Bank lobbyists have focused attention on the bailout legislation Congress has
been developing for months for the rival system.

The American Bankers Association and the Independent Bankers Association of
America impress on lawmakers is that farm banks are suffering the same financial
crisis that other agricultural lenders are facing.

According to the Independent Bankers' executive director Kenneth Guenther, the
bailout legislation now "gives the Farm Credit System a competitive leg up on
commercial banks." With assurance of federal assistance, the Farm Credit System
could offer farmers more attractive terms than commercial lenders.

On Jan. 6 and 7, the organization will meet in Scottsdale, Ariz., to plan
strategy on the shape of their demands and how to bring them before Congress.

Commercial bankers would like to have access to the Farm Credit System Capital
Corp., the entity being created by Congress to warehouse Farm Credit Banks' bad
loans.  "We'd like the capital corporation to warehouse some of our bad credits
too," said ABA spokesman Fritz Elmondorf.

Congress may not buy this part of the grocery list.  But Sen. Jake Garn, R-Utah,
chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, has already pledged he'll look into
the needs of farm bankers.  One request bankers will make is the ability to
stretch out the accounting for loan losses over a number of years to forestall
regulators from closing a bank for inadequate capital.

On the Defensive

Bankers may win concessions in part because they've forced advocates in Congress
of Farm Credit System emergency bill into a defensive position.

Legislators ushering the Farm Credit System bill through Congress have had to
apologize that adding banks to this emergency legislation would have caused a
delay in reaching an agreement in Congress, say farm leaders such as Rep. Cooper
Evans, R-Iowa.

Opening the issue would have meant the agriculture committees sharing
jurisdiction with the banking committees, which might have prevented any bill
being passed this term.

Beneath the surface of public debate, commercial bankers have been attempting to
sabotage the bailout for the rival Farm Credit System, say insiders responsible
for shaping the bill.  "There's no question they were trying to kill this thing
with every tool they had," recalls one high-ranking Reagan administration
official.

At first, for example, farm bank lobbyists remained silent on the fragility of
the system.  But as it became clear bankers were going to be left out of the
picture, representatives openly criticized the grounds for any financial
assistance.

SECTION: WASHINGTON MONDAY; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 808 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, no caption, Drawings by Toby Rosser

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday

Washington: USDA designates 11 counties in Texas as Primary Natural Disaster
Areas

LENGTH: 326  words

DATELINE: Washington


Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association has issued the following news
release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated 11 counties in Texas as
primary natural disaster areas due to the recent drought. The counties are Bell,
Comanche, Coryell, Dallas, Eastland, Fannin, Hamilton, Hill, Lamar, McLennan and
Mason.

Farmers and ranchers in the following contiguous counties in Texas also qualify
for natural disaster assistance. Those counties are:
Bosque  Erath  Lampasas  Palo Pinto

Brown

Falls
 Limestone  Red River
Burnet
Gillespie

Llano

Rockwall
Callahan

Grayson

McCulloch

San Saba
Collin

Hunt

Menard

Shackelford
Delta

Johnson

Milam

Stephens
Denton

Kaufman

Mills

Tarrant
Ellis

Kimble

Navarro

Williamson

Farmers and ranchers in the following contiguous counties in Oklahoma also
qualify for natural disaster assistance. Those counties are: Bryan and Choctaw.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas on April 2,
2014, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own
merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity.

Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs.

For further information please visit: http://tscra.org

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Washington: April Interest Rates & Important Dates

LENGTH: 141  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 April Interest Rates

 Commodity Loans - 1.625%

 Farm Storage Facility Loan, 7-Year - 1.625%

 Farm Storage Facility Loan, 10-Year - 1.875%

 Farm Storage Facility Loan, 12-Year - 2.000%



 Farm Loan Program

 Operating Loans - 2.250%

 Farm Ownership Loans - 3.500%

 Farm Ownership-Down Payment Loans - 1.500%

 Farm Ownership-Joint Financing Loans - 2.500%

 Emergency Loans - 3.250%



 Dates to Remember

 April 15 - Final date to request ARC-CO payment recalculation for 2014 and/or
2015

 May 30 - Office closed in observance of Memorial Day

 May 31 - Final date to apply for 2015 commodity loans on corn, soybeans, and
sunflowers



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:



 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            January 12, 1997 Sunday

BYLINE: Don Davis

LENGTH: 721 words


North Dakotans who voted to impose a 911 telephone tax did not include cellular
phones in that vote, so it appears it would not be fair to tax the portables. At
least that can be read into a Legislative Council letter. If the tax were
extended to cellular telephones, however, the state 911 emergency system would
get $1.2 million more a year, John Walstad wrote to Rep. Ron Carlisle,
R-Bismarck.

Carlisle obtained the letter after questions by Tribune reporter Janell Cole.
Voters who passed the 911 tax have not voted on the cellular question, Walstad
said, and ""may have voted differently if the tax also was to be imposed on
their cellular telephones.'' The question came up because the estimated 100,000
cellular telephones in North Dakota can make calls to 911 systems, but are not
taxed to support them. One argument against taxing cellular telephones is that
the owners pay the tax at their home or business. But with the current tax, $1
per month is imposed on each hard-wired line, regardless of how many lines are
in a home or business. Another argument against the tax is that benefits of
portable phones help everyone. For instance, a cellular caller on the highway
can report an emergency, something that has saved lives. That, the argument
goes, is worth more than the $1.2 million. Carlisle said he knows of no proposal
to tack the tax onto cellular phones, and he does not plan to make the effort.
On the screen U.S. Commerce Secretary Bill Daley promises the Williston Radar
Station will remain open, at least until he sees results of studies conducted by
the National Weather Service and University of North Dakota.Last month, Sen.
Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., announced funding for the UND study. ""If data shows there
is a degradation of weather forecasting in western North Dakota as a result of
closing the Williston radio service ... then the Commerce Department will not
close the Williston facility,'' Dorgan's office reports. Dorgan obtained $30,000
for the UND study and the city of Williston will chip in $12,000 to $15,000.
""It's a matter of life and death for us,'' Nancy Bakewell of the Williston
Chamber of Commerce said. The radar station is threatened by budget cuts, but
Dorgan and northwest North Dakota residents see forecasting problems if it
closes. Co-op help Agriculture Commissioner Roger Johnson has joined the U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Development agency and North Dakota Farm Credit
Services in supporting a new federal cooperative loan guarantee program. The
program can guarantee loans by banks made to purchase stock in newly forming
cooperatives. ""One of my goals is to increase opportunities for the
average-size family farmer to invest in value-added agriculture,'' the new
commissioner said. The federal loan guarantees are available for 80 to 90
percent of the loan. Clips and quips þ Three Affiliated Tribes Chairman Buddy
Mason seems thrilled to have tickets to President Clinton's inaugural
festivities later this month. He will conduct some serious tribe-related stops
before and after the celebrations. þ The Federal Election Commission last week
reported Rep. Earl Pomeroy received $983,000 in the fall campaign for
re-election. Challenger Kevin Cramer pulled in $429,892. þ The American Rivers
environmental group opposes continuation of a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers'
study about additional flood protection along North Dakota's Red River. Of
course, the study means little as long as the North Dakota-Minnesota agreement
remains intact allowing the Minnesota levees to be higher than those on the
North Dakota side. It doesn't take a hydrologist to figure out that North Dakota
will be the state flooded. þ People interested in being nominated for the Board
of Higher Education have slightly more than a week to apply. Information should
be sent to state Superintendent Wayne Sanstead. þ The North Dakota Agricultural
Mediation Service can help livestock producers who need additional funding for
feed, good news after a spotty crop and the hard winter. Last week's harsh
weather may drive up the number of calls to 800-642-4752. (Don Davis covers
state and federal government and politics for the Tribune. Contact him at the
Capitol press room, 600 E. Boulevard Ave., Bismarck 58505; telephone, 223-8482;
fax, 223-7157; or e-mail, DonDavis@ndonline.com.)

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1997 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 November 23, 1993, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

ESPY PLANS INTEREST CUT TO FARMERS; AGRICULTURE CHIEF FORESEES 2.5 PCT.  RATE
FOR FLOOD AID

BYLINE: Carl Manning Of The Associated Press Robert Goodrich of the
Post-Dispatch staff contributed information for this story.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 587 words

DATELINE: HARTSBURG, MO.


After touring flood-battered farmland in Missouri and Illinois, Secretary of
Agriculture Mike Espy said Monday that he plans to lower the interest rate on
Farmers Home Administration emergency loans.

"I'm going to lower it based on recommendations from hard-working farmers," Espy
said after visiting silt-covered bottom lands in central Missouri where crops
flourished before the summer floods.

The FmHA emergency loans to help farmers rebuild and get their land back into
production have an interest rate of 4.5 percent, although Espy has the authority
to lower the rate to 2.5 percent.

Espy said he did not know by how much he would be able to reduce the interest
rates until he has talked to his budget analysts. He said the reduction could
come next week.

Espy aides estimated that about $ 200 million is available in FmHA emergency
loans, but how long that would last depends on how many people apply for them.

"The magnitude of the devastation is so great that anything along those lines
would be helpful," said Charles Kruse, Missouri Farm Bureau president.

The secretary said he had decided to lower the interest rates after talking to
farmers earlier in the day near Columbia, Ill., where he said flooded farmers
should know soon whether and when they can remove silt from their farms and make
plans for spring.

Earlier Monday, Espy met with 40 flooded-out farmers from Monroe County in a
machine shed on Roger and Eva Schaefer's hog farm, between Valmeyer and
Columbia.

Espy said he was there to keep a promise.

He said his agency had told farmers wiped out in this summer's flood that they
would not be forgotten. He said the visit Monday was his 15th to the Midwest
since July 2.

"We basically are keeping a promise we made," he said. "We are seriously trying
to help in a timely way. We won't forsake the area."

Even though Espy could not answer all the farmers' questions, they seemed
gratified to at least have had the chance to ask them.

"We're trying to make a positive out of a negative," said Roger Schaefer, whose
farm was swamped under 10 feet of water when a Mississippi River levee broke. "I
feel there were a lot of questions answered."

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Use of Bonds To Aid Farmers Seen on Rise

                          February 25, 1981, Wednesday

By Joseph Palumbo


The use of tax-exempt bonds to assist farmers in the purchase of agricultural
property seems to be increasing.

Delaware is now looking toward the possible use of bonds for this purpose,
joining Florida, Georgia, Iowa, New Mexico, Alabama, South Dakota, Louisiana and
Oklahoma.  Louisiana has already sold a $25 million issue for agricultural
purposes.

In Florida, the state legislature is currently in the process of preparing a
bill establishing an authority to issue tax-exempts to farmers and
agribusinesses to buy land in areas of the state where the population is booming
and land is becoming very scarce.

Georgia also has worked toward issuing bonds for purchase of farmlands through
several of its state agencies and South Dakota also has agricultural bonds under
review.

A report prepared by the Delaware Gov. Pierre duPont's Advisory Committee on
Farmland Preservation showed need for that state to maintain its farmland.

The committee's report suggested that the state's Office of Management, Budget
and Planning be given the responsibility for agricultural land concerns and
suggested that OMBP examine the use of "innovative agricultural credit
resources," such as tax-exempt agri-bonds.

The committee also recommended that farmland owners be exempted from property
taxes, utility taxes, or fees, school taxes and all other service or district
taxes or assessments, except for farm or accessory residences.

The committee pointed out that residential demand for land seems to be the chief
non-farm influence on real estate values in Delaware.  Strip developments and
subdivisions compete against each other, the report said.

"Uncertainty over the future timing and path of urban development hinders
Delaware farmers who want to keep farming.  Unsure about whether they may give
up agriculture by choice or necessity, farmers next to urbanization hesitate to
invest in building improvements, machinery and equipment, soil and water
conservation measures and other expensive capital outlays for which the economic
return is long term," the report continued.

The report also noted that projects such as sewage disposal facilities, highway
transportation systems and rural subdivision streets by government entities
rarely consider the impact on agriculture.

The agriculture development revenue bonds call for the proceeds of tax-exempt
bonds issued by a state authority to buy farm loans from commercial lenders made
under five Farmers Home Administration loan programs.  The portfolio consists of
90% Federally-guaranteed loans under the FmHA farmer program.

The state authority purchases from a commercial lender 90% of the farmer
program-guaranteed loans originated under the Farm Ownership, Farm Operating,
Soil and Water Conservation, Emergency Disaster and Economic Emergency programs.

Repayment of the loan is made to the lending institutions which are holding 10%
of the loan, or the unguaranteed portion.  The lender, in turn, remits 90% of
the loan plus interest to the trustee.  The commercial lenders also act as
servicers for the bond issue.

Although the farmer, who receives a loan ranging from $75,000 to $100,000, pays
a uniform rate of interest, the banks actually loan the money at a commercial
rate, while the tax-exempt financing provides a low interest loan.

The result is a loan that is between 4% and as much as 12% lower on an annual
basis than other sources of farm credit, such as commercial banks, production
credit associations or even FmHA direct loans financed by the Federal Financing
Bank.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 601 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1981 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 20, 2008 Sunday

Recovery assistance opportunities exist for farmers who find time to apply

BYLINE: Matthew Wilde, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 935 words


Jul. 20--DUNKERTON -- A $3.8 billion trust fund established in the new Farm Bill
will help growers weather natural disasters.

Northeast Iowa farmers need it.

An EF5 tornado tore across Butler, Black Hawk and Buchanan counties on May 25
destroying farmsteads in its path. Less than three weeks later, record flooding
wiped out an estimated 3 million acres of crops statewide.

The 2008 Farm Bill was officially passed June 18. Congress originally approved
the bill a few days before the tornado hit, but a clerical error forced the
House and Senate to approve and override a presidential veto again.

Financial assistance is available through the U.S. Department of Agriculture to
help local farmers. The problem is most are so busy cleaning up damaged farms
and fields or dealing with insurance issues that they haven't had time to
investigate what's available.

Barb Dos and her husband, Jim, lost their custom chicken and hog feeding
operation in the tornado. Two hundred-plus mile-per-hour winds turned two
400-head hog buildings and three chicken houses capable of housing 191,000 birds
into a pile of rubble.

On Tuesday, Bell Savage Co. was picking up scrap metal at the farm. Barb managed
the livestock operation and Jim works full-time at the Dunkerton School District
as a computer technician. She hasn't had enough time or energy to research
government assistance for farmers.

"We haven't explored that yet," Barb Dos said. "We're just trying to deal with
this mess."

Government employees say that's pretty common. Grain and livestock producers are
making inquiries about disaster aid, but not in large numbers.

Losses to buildings, equipment and crops are estimated in the billions in rural
Iowa, officials said.

For ag-related losses, farmers need to contact local Farm Service Agency or
Natural Resources Conservation Services offices for help. A slew of programs
exist -- ranging from low-interest loans for facility and equipment replacement
and money to cover crop damage to cost-share assistance for land rehabilitation
-- to help growers stay in business and help cover losses if private insurance
falls short.

Lon Janechek, farm loan manager for Buchanan and Lynn counties, said about a
dozen farmers have called about the emergency loan program. He expects many more
in the future.

"Many are still trying to assess what losses will be," Janechek said.

For the first time, a disaster title was included in the Farm Bill, so Congress
doesn't have to pass emergency spending bills to aid farmers when Mother Nature
pushes them to the brink of financial ruin.

The SURE -- Supplement Revenue Assistance Payments -- program is a new addition.
Crops within a geographic region declared a federal natural disaster area
qualify as long as the producer has insurance and production losses total 50
percent or more on the entire farm. Producers have until Sept. 16 to "buy-in" on
crops that weren't insured for $100 per crop per county and not more than $900
total.

SURE will provide additional revenue beyond crop insurance, but how much and
when is still undetermined. Federal officials said the tornado and flooding hit
before the mechanics of the bill could be worked out.

"I think right now it's wait and see. I don't know how many (farmers) will be
eligible," said Rose Woerner, Black Hawk County FSA director.

Sen. Chuck Grassley of New Hartford isn't sure if some farmers can wait. He
co-sponsored a bill to speed up payments.

"When the Finance Committee wrote the Disaster Trust Fund provision, it was
always our intent that USDA would be able to give advance payments. -- I know
it's a little more work to make advance payments, but that's no excuse to leave
farmers hanging who just had homes and their livelihoods washed away by floods,"
Grassley said in a prepared statement.

Rick Happel's rural Dunkerton farm was almost wiped off the map. Like many
farmers focused on rebuilding, he hasn't explored assistance options from the
government.

The laundry list of destruction is extensive: two combines, a 2,400-head hog
building (which has been rebuilt), house, five grain bins, grain dryer and two
machine sheds. And like many farmers, he found out he's under insured as steel
and other construction materials have skyrocketed. It costs 40 percent more
today to build a 50,000-bushel bin than 1 1/2 years ago, he said.

Reluctant to go to the FSA office for help, Happel said he probably will. The
emergency loan program is the only option for facility replacement, government
officials said. The interest rate is 3.75 percent -- about half compared to a
commercial bank.

"I never dreamt the entire farm would be wiped out. I'm so darn independent, but
if there's programs there that can save me a little money, I'll probably take
it," he said.

Even though help is available, Dos says she suspects her farming days are over.
The facilities weren't insured and replacement costs are estimated at $1.75
million, she said. With high feed and fuel prices, Dos said rebuilding probably
isn't financially prudent.

"We won't have the money," she said "But we haven't gave them (FSA) a chance. We
should probably do that."

Contact Matthew Wilde at (319) 291-1579 or matt.wilde@wcfcourier.com

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20080720-OO-Recovery-assistance-opportunities-exist-for-farmers-who-find-time-to
-apply-0720

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2008 Waterloo Courier


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock & Land

                                  June 7, 2012

SECTION: AGRIBUSINESS

LENGTH: 492  words


LOW-interest loans of up to $200,000 are available for primary producers, small
businesses and not-for-profit organisations affected by the Gippsland floods,
Premier Ted Baillieu announced today.

Deputy Premier and Minister for Police and Emergency Services Peter Ryan joined
Mr Baillieu at Bulmers Farm at Lindenow near Bairnsdale to announce that the
Victorian Government had activated the loans.

'Parts of Gippsland experienced record rainfall earlier this week and Gippsland
Lakes communities still face a major flood threat,' Mr Baillieu said.

'While a full impact assessment will take some time, it is clear that a number
of farms have been inundated and businesses have been damaged, which is why we
are activating the loans now.'

Mr Ryan said the loans would provide a boost to farmers and businesses by
helping them to meet recovery costs.

'The Gippsland region depends on dairy farms, tourism and other businesses, so
it is critical that we help these businesses get back on their feet and support
Gippsland's economic recovery,' Mr Ryan said.

The Rural Finance Corporation of Victoria administers the loans, which are
available to farmers and businesses directly affected by the floods.

This assistance for farmers and businesses is in addition to the Personal
Hardship Assistance for households which Mr Ryan announced on Tuesday 5 June.

The loans are provided in partnership with the Commonwealth Government under the
Natural Disaster Relief and Recovery Arrangements (NDRRA).

State Member for Gippsland East Tim Bull said he was pleased that the Premier
and Deputy Premier had come to visit the region and see the situation first
hand.

'Floods are no stranger to the communities in East Gippsland and we have a
resilient population that pitches in and works hard together when needed and
this event is no exception,' Mr Bull said.

Victoria has begun the Rapid Impact Assessment process which will provide
estimates of the type and value of the damage from these floods.

Clean up and recovery grants under the NDRRA require the approval of the
Commonwealth and that approval is based on these assessments.

The Premier also urged families to continue making their travel plans this
Queen's Birthday long weekend, but to plan ahead.

'Victoria has some wonderful places to visit and I encourage people to make the
most of this long weekend,' Mr Baillieu said.

'But before you travel, especially if that travel includes flood-affected areas,
I encourage you to check relevant websites so you and your family can have a
safe journey,' Mr Baillieu said.

Travel information is available at:  http://alerts.vicroads.vic.gov.au/,
www.ses.vic.gov.au/ , and
http://parkweb.vic.gov.au/park-management/fire,-flood-and-other-closures

For information regarding flood assistance please call 1300 366 356. More
information is available at:  www.dhs.vic.gov.au/emergency

Information and application forms for the low-interest loans are available at:
www.ruralfinance.com.au

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 26, 2007 Friday

10 Southeastern counties eligible for USDA help

BYLINE: Margie Wood, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 311 words


Jan. 26--The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Thursday that farmers and
ranchers in 10 Southern Colorado counties will be eligible for emergency loans
to recover from losses in late-December blizzards.

In addition to those 10 counties -- Baca, Bent, Crowley, El Paso, Huerfano,
Kiowa, Las Animas, Otero, Prowers and Pueblo -- 10 other counties in Colorado
were named as "contiguous disaster areas" where eligible family farmers may
qualify for Farm Service Agency emergency loan assistance under the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development act.

Those counties are Alamosa, Cheyenne, Costilla, Custer, Douglas, Elbert,
Fremont, Lincoln, Saguache and Teller.

Gov. Bill Ritter requested the action from the USDA to help ag producers in the
region with their losses. The number of livestock lost to the storms that began
Dec. 20 hasn't been tallied, but estimates range up to 15,000 cattle. Some areas
had 5 feet of snow and continuing frigid weather, making it impossible for
livestock to graze or find water. The National Guard airlifted hay to some
stranded cattle in addition to individuals' and local governments' ground-level
effort to plow roads to allow ranchers to reach their stock.

Besides the peril to livestock, many farmers have been unable to get into their
fields to sell hay supplies or earn other income since the storms.

Although the Federal Emergency Management Agency will assist state and local
governments with their expenses for the snow relief effort, the USDA assistance
is dependent on a separate declaration, which was issued Thursday.

Copyright (c) 2007, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070126-PB-0126-10-Southeastern-counties-eligible-for-USDA-help

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2007 The Pueblo Chieftain


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 8, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

LOW INTEREST TO FARMERS RAISING PRICES

BYLINE: By ANN CRITTENDEN

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 1, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 2702 words


While much of the nation's economy has been chilled by record interest rates,
one group has been well insulated from the rise in the cost of money: farmers.

The beneficiaries of a host of Depression-era policies, farmers enjoy billions
of dollars of relatively easy credit. Through a variety of programs, they can
qualify for loans at interest rates that have recently run at least two
percentage points below rates on comparable loans to other borrowers.

Borrowed funds are considered a major factor in the creation of the United
States' highly industrialized and productive system of agriculture. But at the
same time, many agricultural experts now contend, Federal credit policies may
have had unintended side effects far removed from their original purpose of
helping small, poverty-stricken farmers.

A two-year study undertaken by Bob Bergland, President Carter's Secretary of
Agriculture, reported that loans made by the nation's Farm Credit System ''might
have contributed to inefficient resource allocation, inflation in land values
and further concentration of production and landownership.'' In some instances,
such lending has been criticized for going to finance condominiums, nonfarm
businesses and wealthy ''weekend'' farmers.

David A. Stockman, the Reagan Administration's new budget chief, has said that
he will propose restrictions on loans by the Farmers Home Administration, which
he called ''one of the great sleeping giants of the whole budget.'' But it is
unlikely that his targets will include the farm lending portion of the agency's
$45 billion portfolio, which has included financing of office buildings,
fastfood stores, condominiums and such corporations as Perdue Farms.

The Bergland study rested in good part on work by Michael Boehlje of Iowa State
University and Stephen Gabriel and John E. Lee Jr. of the Agriculture Depart-
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

By ANN CRITTENDEN

While much of the nation's economy has been chilled by record interest rates,
one group has been well insulated from the dramatic rise in the cost of money:
farmers.

The beneficiaries of a host of Depression-era policies, farmers continue to
enjoy billions of dollars of relatively easy credit.  Through a variety of
programs, farmers can qualify for bargain loans at interest rates that recently
have run at least two percentage points below rates on comparable loans to other
borrowers.

''Borrowed funds have become the lifeblood of modern agriculture,'' three
prominent agricultural economists recently concluded in an influential study.

The relative abundance of money for farmers is considered a major factor in the
creation of the United States' highly industrialized and productive system of
agriculture. But at the same time, many agricultural experts now contend,
Federal credit policies may have had unintended side effects far removed from
their original purpose of helping small, poverty-stricken farmers.

A sweeping two-year study of American agricultural policies - undertaken by Bob
Bergland, the previous Secretary of Agriculture, and released last month - found
that loans made by the nation's Farm Credit System ''might have contributed to
inefficient resource allocation, inflation in land values and further
concentration of production and landownership.'' In some instances, such lending
has been criticized for going to finance condominiums, nonfarm businesses and
wealthy ''weekend'' farmers.

David A. Stockman, the Reagan Administration's new budget chief, has said that
he would propose restrictions on loans by the Farmers Home Administration, which
he called ''one of the great sleeping giants of the whole budget.'' But it is
unlikely that Mr. Stockman's targets will include the farm lending portion of
the agency's $45 billion portfolio, which has included financing of office
buildings, fast-food stores, condominiums and such corporations as Perdue Farms.

The Bergland study rested in good part on work by Michael Boehlje of Iowa State
University and Stephen Gabriel and John E. Lee Jr. of the Agriculture
Department. The three agricultural economists questioned ''whether agriculture
needs special credit considerations today,'' particularly, they said, since the
farm sector is now one of ''large, capital-intensive businesses earning
competitive returns.''

Not surprisingly, many farm lenders disagree with the Bergland analysis.
''There is no evidence that credit is a villain responsible for these trends,''
said George D. Irwin, director of the economic analysis division of the Farm
Credit Administration, the Federal agency that regulates the Farm Credit System,
in a recent interview.  ''Farm credit has simply facilitated changes which exist
in the underlying economic forces.''

Nor have the findings had any impact politically. When the Federal Reserve Board
acted to restrain credit last spring, it specifically exempted farm lending from
its credit controls. Farm credit enjoys solid support in Congress, which has
acted several times in recent years to expand, rather than restrict, the kinds
of credit available to agriculture.

The new Secretary of Agriculture, John R. Block, is a good example of successful
farmers today, who typically have borrowed heavily to build up substantial
holdings. Mr. Block's holdings include a 3,000-acre hog, soybean and corn farm,
but he also listed $5.1 million to $6.7 million in liabilities when, as a
Cabinet member, he was required to disclose his financial status.

For the most part, cheap farm credit comes at no direct cost to taxpayers. The
agencies involved are largely nongovernmental and support themselves through the
interest they charge - though they benefit from informal Federal guarantees in
raising money to re-lend.

The cost of farm credit is that those eligible for cheap loans have an advantage
over other borrowers and thus a greater command over the economy's resources.
This artificially drives up land prices and, because most farm credit goes to
large farming enterprises, encourages concentration in land ownership.

The main lender to agriculture is the Farm Credit System, which is a network of
cooperative banks set up by the Government, supervised by the Farm Credit
Administration (an independent Federal agency) and owned by its borrowers. The
Farm Credit System includes 12 Federal Land Banks, 12 Federal Intermediate
Credit Banks, hundreds of Production Credit Associations and 13 Banks for
Cooperatives. The system accounted for 31 percent of all farm debt in 1980,
compared with 21 1/2 percent 10 years earlier.

Other major lenders are banks, with 25 percent of the total farm debt;
individuals and others, primarily farmers financing their own sales, 23 percent;
life insurance companies, 8 percent; the Farmers Home Administration, 10
percent; the Commodity Credit Corporation, 3 percent, and the Small Business
Administration, 2 percent.

Taxpayers do pay for the activities of the Farmers Home Administration, the
Commodity Credit Corporation, and the Small Business Administration. Of these
three, by far the most important - and most controversial - is the rapidly
growing Farmers Home Administration, which has $19 billion in farm loans
outstanding, compared with only $1.3 billion 20 years ago. Part of the
Agriculture Department, the agency is also part of the Farm Credit System.

The Bergland report found that farm-sector debt, which increased from $12
billion in 1950 to about $158 billion in 1980, could reach $600 billion by 1990.

The ratio of debt to assets has remained fairly constant, but farm income has
not kept pace with the debt. In the late 1970's, debt outstanding was four to
five times higher than income, compared with ratios of 2 to 1 or 3 to 1 in the
1960's and early 1970's. By 1980, interest expenses represented 12 percent of
farmers' total production expenses.

One question raised by these trends is to what extent public policy has become a
captive of the debt, locked into guaranteeing high farm incomes so that it can
be carried. The issue is particularly sensitive because the largest farmers are
clearly the major users of cheap farm credit.

In 1978, the latest year for which figures are available, farm operators with
sales of $100,000 or more owed nearly 40 percent of all farm debt outstanding,
and farms with sales of $40,000 or more accounted for more than 70 percent of
all debt, according to the paper by Mr. Boehlje, Mr. Gabriel and Mr. Lee.

Dependency on Farm Income

The largest 20 percent of farms produce more than 80 percent of the value of all
farm products, incur about the same proportion of all production expenses, owe
more than 70 percent of all outstanding farm debt and ''must depend almost
entirely on farm income to service that debt,'' the paper found.

Small and moderate-sized farmers, the Bergland study made clear, make ends meet
not with debt but with large and growing amounts of income from nonfarm jobs.

The Farm Credit System's share of agricultural lending has expanded rapidly
during the 1970's, primarily at the expense of commmercial lenders. The banks in
the system finance their loans by issuing bonds, which are exempt from state
taxation and which sell at rates only slightly above those paid by the Federal
Treasury.  (Although the bonds do not carry an explicit Government guarantee,
the Treasury has set up a revolving loan fund to purchase stock in the system in
case of a serious financial crisis.)

The system's banks price their loans according to the average cost of these
funds, which means that during periods of rising interest rates, its interest
charges are lower than those of commercial lenders. Since late 1979, for
example, the spread between the interest rates charged on non-real estate loans
by commercial banks and those charged by the production credit associations of
the Farm Credit System has averaged more than two percentage points.

Commercial banks have been agitated over what they perceive as the unfair
advantages of the Farm Credit System, principally the taxexempt status. Taken
together with other banking trends, such as more intense competition among banks
generally, this ''could threaten the ability of agricultural banks to lend to
farming,'' says Derl I.  Derr of the American Bankers Association.

Other analysts agree that small country banks face many of the same threats as
the family farm. Growing competition (not only from the Farm Credit System but
also from savings and loan associations and larger banks) and the growing size
of farm loans, now often beyond the capacity of many country banks, all endanger
the role of the 7,000 small agricultural banks in the country.

Congress Allows Expansion

Legislation passed late last year will permit the Farm Credit System to expand
even more, into the financing of exports by cooperatives and into lending to
processors of farm products, among other things.

Some critics see this expansion of the system as a movement even further from
its original mandate to help new and struggling farmers survive. In 1977, for
example, Federal Land Bank borrowers had an average net farm income of $32,386,
total net income of more than $54,000 and an average net worth of $405,783.

''It does not appear that the F.C.S. as a whole is taking much risk in pursuit
of economic opportunity for the have-nots in American agriculture,'' said
Charles Henry Hassebrook of the Center for Rural Affairs of Walthill, Neb., in
testimony before Congress last spring.

The system has also come under attack for its occasional lending to nonfarm
investors. Under current farm system rules, anyone who owns agricultural land or
engages in producing agricultural products is a farmer, a definition so broad
that almost anyone could borrow from the system, some critics say.

A recent critical report by the General Accounting Office, for example, found
that fewer than 30 percent of the Federal Land Banks' borrowers earned most of
their income from farming, and more than half of them earned 90 percent or more
of their living from nonfarm activities. The G.A.O., which is the investigative
agency of Congress, found one loan to a ''farmer'' who lived more than 1,000
miles from his farm.

Hard to Tell 'A Real Farmer'

''If we had a nice, clean, black-and-white world of farmers and nonfarmers, it
would be easier,'' Mr. Irwin commented, ''but we don't. The closer you get to
the urban areas the harder it is to distinguish who's a real farmer and who
isn't. But loans to nonfarmers are relatively few.''

Probably the most criticized segment of farm credit is the rapidly growing
Farmers Home Administration, the primary rural credit agency of the Federal
Government and a giant institution that ''perhaps has been absorbing programs
and mandates (many unrequested) faster than it can maintain a clear sense of
purpose and direction,'' according to John E. Lee Jr., an Agriculture Department
economist.

This year the Farmers Home portfolio is nearly 50 times its size in 1960, with
more than $14 billion in grant and loan obligations extended in 1979 alone.

The big growth in Farmers Home lending has been in the economic emergency and
disaster lending programs, $12 billion in credit that some have dubbed a ''free
insurance program.'' A ''disaster'' loan can cover any misfortune from bad
weather to currency devaluations and it carries interest rates appreciably lower
than normal market rates.

Economists have criticized these programs for subsidizing farming in marginal
areas and, in many cases, for aiding farmers that least need help. According to
Agriculture Department studies, for example, more than one-third of the $3.1
billion lent under the economic emergency program in 1979 went to farmers with
more than $500,000 in assets.

Granting of Disaster Loans

In 1979 the average emergency loan size was $45,600, and 200 loans in the
previous year were for more than $1 million. Large farming operations have
obtained disaster loans of up to $16 million at the standard 3 to 5 percent
interest rate.

Moreover, despite the fact that the Farmers Home Administration is supposed to
be a lender of last resort, 29 percent of its disaster loans went to those who
could have qualified for commercial credit, according to a 1979 G.A.O. study. In
one instance, several individuals in the same Texas corporation received
disaster loans, which one used to purchase a Cadillac and to repair his boat,
according to testimony by the inspector general of the Agriculture Department.

Legislation was passed last June to tighten the ''no credit available
elsewhere'' test for borrowers, and an expanded crop insurance program approved
by the last Congress could eventually replace all or part of the emergency
lending program.

Meanwhile, however, an estimated $5 billion in additional Farmers Home loans
were authorized in the wake of last summer's drought, all reflected in the
budget for the fiscal year 1981.

''Farmers should be building up liquidity in good years to tide them through the
lean years instead of buying more assets in good years and then screaming for
help in the bad years,'' said Emanuel Melichar, a senior economist with the
Federal Reserve Board and an authority on farm credit.

''This would call for Congress to turn a deaf ear to the pleas of dire income
deficiency. You can't justify taking poorer people's money to support wealthier
people.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                       June 15, 2001 Friday CITY EDITION

GROCERY SHOPPING NETWORK TEAMS UP

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 1060 words


Grocery Shopping Network said this week it is teaming with HighJump Software to
offer grocery stores and chains the ability to effectively process large-volume
online grocery orders.

Grocery Shopping Network, a provider of e-commerce programs and services for the
grocery industry, said it is using HighJump's e--Fulfillment Advantage software
as part of a new seamless, integrated system from the two Eden Prairie-based
firms that will enable grocers to quickly and efficiently fill online customer
orders for delivery or pickup.

"While the online shopping model of dedicated fulfillment centers with customer
delivery have struggled, we believe the combination of in-store fulfillment
combined with fast customer pickup is a more profitable and convenient model,"
HighJump president Chris Heim said in a statement. He added that the integrated
system "automates the online order process from front to back."

Grocery Shopping Network said Kowalski's in St. Paul is the first supermarket to
use the new integrated system for filling its daily online customer orders.

Farm emergency loans: Minnesota farmers in 74 counties damaged by this year's
spring floods may be eligible to receive emergency loans from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency.

Emergency loans are used to restore or replace essential property, pay all or a
portion of production costs from the disaster year, pay family living expenses,
reorganize the farm operation and refinance debts.

To qualify, farmers must have suffered a loss of at least 30 percent of their
farm enterprises, be unable to obtain commercial credit and have the ability to
repay the loans. Loans are limited to 80 percent of production losses or 100
percent of physical losses. The maximum amount to any one farmer is $500,000.

The state agriculture department recommends that farmers interested in the loans
contact their crop insurance agent or local FSA agent.

NRG opens power plant: Minneapolis-based NRG Energy Inc. opened a natural
gas-fueled power plant in central California that can supply 36,750 homes,
increasing sales in the state hit by an energy shortage since last summer. The
49-megawatt Chowchilla II plant, 150 miles southeast of San Francisco, can run
continually or when needed to meet peak demand, NRG said.

California will be short 4,500 to 5,500 megawatts during summer-demand peaks,
causing 260 hours of rolling blackouts, a national group that monitors and
coordinates U.S. power supplies forecast last month. A megawatt can light 750
average California homes.

NRG also filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to raise as much
as $2 billion in securities sales to pay for development of new power plants and
for general use.

Pentair to sell Century: Pentair Inc. said it has signed a letter of intent to
sell its Century Manufacturing automotive service equipment business to K&K Jump
Start-Chargers Inc. and an equity investment group, both based in Kansas City,
Mo. K&K is a privately held maker of jumpstarter/portable power units and
battery chargers.

Roseville-based Pentair did not disclose financial terms of the sale. Pentair
said it will use the proceeds to reduce debt. It expects the sale to close in
the third quarter.

"K&K Jump Start-Chargers and the affiliated equity investment group have
indicated they intend to continue manufacturing, marketing, and distributing
Century products, service parts, and accessories," said Peter Dessing, president
of Bloomington-based Century.

REM buys Nekton: REM Inc., an Edina-based provider of home healthcare and
rehabilitation services, said it has acquired Nekton Inc. of St. Paul, which
provides services for people with developmental and other disabilities. No terms
were disclosed. REM said the acquisition will add 650 people to its client-base
and $24 million in annual revenue. REM will retain Nekton's 700 employees and
the current offices located in the Twin Cities and Duluth.

Storm insurance claims: The Insurance Federation of Minnesota has estimated
there could be as many as 50,000 insurance claims for damage caused by this
week's severe storms across the state. Damage estimated could reach $150
million, the trade group said.

Many insurance companies already have dispatched emergency catastrophe teams to
help customers begin the claims process for damage caused by hail, tornadoes,
lightning, heavy rain and strong winds, the federation said.

Names: Best Buy promoted Joe Pagano to senior vice president of enterprise
entertainment. ... St. Paul-based LumenSoft Corp. named Ralph Bernstein chief
operating officer. ... General Mills chairman and CEO Stephen Sanger was elected
chairman of the Grocery Manufacturers of America board of directors. ... Robert
Hansen has joined Pragmatek Consulting Group as vice president of e-business
services.

Briefly: Systems Consulting Group, an information technology firm, said it has
been acquired by management consultant Nuvolution for an undisclosed amount.
Both companies are based in St. Paul.

Insider trades: Deluxe: Stephen Nachtsheim, director, bought 5,000 shares May 14
at $27.54-$27.60 per share; holds 12,411 shares.

EbenX: Mark Tierney, director and beneficial owner, bought 10,000 shares May
14-16 at $3.05-$3.62 per share; holds 1,854,430 shares.

Wilsons the Leather Experts: Peter Michielutti, chief financial officer, bought
5,000 shares May 25 at $19 per share; holds 10,000 shares. Lyle Berman,
director, sold 20,000 shares May 25 at $19.07 per share; holds 447,445 shares.
Gary Crittenden, director, sold 33,000 shares May 29 at $18.75-$18.80 per share;
option related; no further holdings. Jeffrey Orton, vice president, sold 10,000
shares May 25 at $19.00-$19.52 per share; option related; holds 16,189 shares.
John Serino, vice president, sold 20,000 shares May 25 at $19.15 per share;
option related; holds 8,702 shares. Henry Shemmer, vice president, sold 2,800
shares May 31 at $18.60-$18.65 per share; option related; holds 6,310 shares.
Daniel Thorson, treasurer, sold 3,800 shares May 31 at $18.88 per share; option
related; holds 22,977 shares.

TRADING OF STOCK REPORTED TO THE SEC, ACCORDING TO BLOOMBERG BUSINESS NEWS;
HOLDINGS INCLUDE COMMON SHARES OWNED, NOT STOCK WARRANTS OR OPTIONS.

--STAFF AND WIRE REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 21, 1999 Friday

LENGTH: 694 words


FARGO (AP) -- People living near an American Crystal Sugar Co. plant are
complaining about the smell of processing sugar beets. ""I'm not willing to give
up my physical well-being for any economic benefit, regardless of how big it
is,'' said Ray Gross. He said the smell made him sick. Gross said he has filed a
formal complaint against the Moorhead, Minn.-based company with the Minnesota
Pollution Control Agency. Crystal officials have declined comment on the action.
Gross and others in north Fargo and north Moorhead said they are not against the
company or sugar beet farmers, but they worry about the length of the processing
season and about the smell, noise and particles in the air. The MPCA recently
approved a permit to extend the beet processing time for American Crystal.
Company officials have said the company may need until early June to finish
processing the current crop of beets.

Pomeroy supports spending package WASHINGTON (AP) -- Rep. Earl Pomeroy has voted
in favor of a $15 billion emergency spending package, which includes loan money
and other forms of assistance for farmers. The package, approved by the House
Tuesday on a 269-158 vote, also includes funding of the conflict in Kosovo and
aid to hurricane victims in Central America. In a written statement, the North
Dakota Democrat said the ""long fight'' for the assistance ""has finally been
won.'' The bill contains $109 million in operating and emergency loans and $42
million for salaries and expenses for temporary workers to deliver USDA loans.
It also contains $145 million for a USDA program that purchases commodities from
farmers in times of low prices and $150 million for the Food for Peace Program,
which allows the government to buy U.S. agricultural commodities for aid to
refugees in the Balkans. ""The $574 million ... for producers will help them
make ends meet on the farm while we continue to debate the long-term changes
needed in this country's farm program,'' Pomeroy said. There is an estimated $45
million in unmet loan requests in North Dakota, he said.

Firm will double its work force GRAND FORKS (AP) -- A software company here has
announced plans to double its work force to 50 employees by next year. Aatrix
Software officials said they have reached an agreement with Intuit, the maker of
the accounting software Quicken, to include Aatrix payroll software with its
Quickbooks program for Apple Macintosh computers. Aatrix has been developing
Apple software since 1985.

Company alters how it operates GRAND FORKS (AP) -- The president of Arctic Cat
Inc., says a tight labor force has forced his company to reconsider the way it
does business. Chris Twomey said during an economic development meeting Tuesday
that the maker of recreation vehicles is trying to make jobs less demanding
physically so that they are more attractive to women and older workers. ""We
have to expand that labor pool,'' Twomey said. He also suggested more emphasis
on technology. When the Thief River Falls, Minn.-based Arctic Cat expanded in
recent years, it searched for communities that offered distinct advantages,
Twomey said. Madison, S.D., for example, had land and a building available, he
said. That plant now employs 100 people. Another expansion in Ohio offered the
chance for better distribution of products, he said. While Grand Forks leaders
wanted that plant, it simply was more practical to move to Ohio, he said. He
urged Grand Forks business leaders not to go after every business that comes
along, but to find areas where Grand Forks-East Grand Forks can offer distinct
advantages to potential businesses.

Probe continues in man's death GRAND FORKS (AP) -- Investigators are still
working on the case of a man found dead more than six months ago. The body of
Larry Creevy, 43, was found Nov. 5, at a farmhouse he was renting west of
Reynolds. He had been shot once in the head. Chief Grand Forks County Deputy
Mike Fonder said this week that he is waiting for DNA and fingerprint results
from the FBI crime lab. Fonder said the remote location of the crime scene has
made the case more difficult. He said nothing in Creevy's past indicated anyone
was out to kill him.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Clovis Livestock Market News (New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 1, 2013

NM counties receive drought designation

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 326  words


WASHINGTON - The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated 12
counties in New Mexico as primary natural disaster areas and 14 contiguous
counties due to damages and losses caused by the recent drought.

The primary counties are: Bernalillo, Grant, Luna, Sierra, Catron, Hidalgo,
Otero, Socorro, Dona Ana, Lincoln, Sandoval and Valencia.

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in New Mexico also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are: Chaves, Edd, McKinley, Santa Fe, Cibola, Guadalupe, Rio Arriba,
Torrance, De Baca, Los Alamos andSan Juan. Farmers and ranchers in the following
counties in Arizona and Texas also qualify for natural disaster assistance
because their counties are contiguous. Those counties are:

Arizona - Apache, Cochise,

Greenlee.

Texas - Culberson, El Paso, Hudspeth.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Feb. 27, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses.

FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into account
the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has a
variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Non-insured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program.

Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and
other programs.

Additional information is also available online at http://disaster. fsa.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVM

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2013 Clovis Livestock Market News


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                            October 31, 1986 Friday

MLC calls for EP state of emergency

LENGTH: 232 words


A call has been made for a state of emergency to be declared to help central
Eyre Peninsula cereal growers devastated by last week's ext-reme frost.

Mr Dunn, MLC, whose own farm at Rudall was hit by the frost, said some farmers
would be wiped out unless they received the help of low-interest loans.

He believed Federal funding could be made available under a state of emergency
at an interest rate of 4 p.c., or 8 p.c. when State administration costs were
included.

But a spokesperson for the Minister of Agriculture, Mr Mayes, said the State
Government would have great difficulty persuading the Federal Government the
frost situation should be categorised as a state of emergency under the usual
natural disaster criteria.

Nonetheless, Mr Mayes would examine the possibilities of obtaining Federal help.

As far as State help was concerned, the Minister was still waiting for a
detailed assessment by the Department of Agriculture.

The area affected by the frost was extended yesterday after damage was reported
in the Warramboo area, north of Lock.

Mr Dunn said the frost was having a disastrous effect on farm families.

"These farmers are really looking down the barrel," Mr Dunn said. "They
certainly cannot afford to borrow funds at today's commercial interest rates -
19.5 p.c. for loans under $100,000 and 19.75 p.c. for loans over $100,000," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1986 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             October 3, 2010 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

A 'silent crisis' in farm country;
Not since the 1980s have so many Minnesota farmers been behind on loans. Among
the culprits: tight credit and new rules for lenders.

BYLINE: JENNIFER BJORHUS; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1323 words


REDWOOD FALLS, MINN. - The number of Minnesota farmers defaulting on
agricultural loans has swelled dramatically since 2008, reaching levels not seen
since the 1980s farm crisis permanently altered the state's rural economy.

Lenders have sent farmers more than 3,670 default notices in the past 12 months,
according to the University of Minnesota's Farmer-Lender Mediation Program.
That's up 83 percent in just two years.

The defaults involve all types and sizes of farms, in every part of the state,
said Mary Nell Preisler, who directs the U program, which helps farmers find
ways to stay in business. It's not only small family farms, she said: "It's
everything."

Most of the default notices are coming from small-town banks, where farmers
often turn for at least some of their borrowing, Preisler said. While the stream
of notices is relatively small considering the state has about 80,000 farms, it
represents a serious undertow, farm advocates say.

"It's kind of a silent crisis," said Roger Grugel, a St. Cloud lawyer who helps
negotiate with banks as part of the Minnesota Family Farm Law Project. "It's
much different than the 1980s when people were protesting and there were
tractor-cades."

The tight credit that has roiled the country for nearly two years is taking its
toll on farm country. Farmers already are struggling with other problems, such
as zigzagging commodity prices.

"I've seen farmers getting cash advances on their credit cards to put in their
crops," Grugel said.

Nationally, farm loan delinquencies have been edging up and have hit a 17-year
high. For instance, 2.3 percent of all agricultural production loans made by
commercial banks were past due, up from 1.3 percent a year ago, according to the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. (In the depths of the 1980s farm crisis, those
delinquencies reached 8 percent.)

In some cases, farmers are finding a way out of financial trouble, in part
because prices for farm land have remained strong. A mediator in Preisler's
program said that for every default notice that goes out, there's another farmer
who probably wrangled a fix.

Still, some banks are cutting the lines of credit that farmers use to cover
operating expenses or requiring more collateral to shore up loans. Others are
quietly sending farmers elsewhere when their loans mature.

'A state of emergency'

Lenders say they are under pressure from regulators to add cash to their books
and shed underperforming loans. Grugel said that when he goes to mediations,
bank officials say, "Well, we'd like to rewrite this, but our regulators won't
approve us restructuring this loan."

Jim Anderson, a farm financial analyst in Rochester who works with the mediation
program, said he doesn't think banks are the bad guys in the current situation.
Many rural banks have really worked with farmers in trouble. But in an age of
intense bank scrutiny, some loans just smell too sour, he said.

"I've seen a lot of lenders who are heartsick because they have to foreclose on
a farmer who they've worked with for 15 years because they can't find a
solution," Anderson said.

Marshall MacKay, president of the Independent Community Bankers of Minnesota,
which represents most of the state's rural banks, said banks are getting more
aggressive with delinquent ag loans. MacKay and some other small-town bankers
said they see no farm crisis brewing. The agricultural economy, overall, is
pretty good, they said.

"You could make the case that notices are up because regulators are taking a
more aggressive stance on lenders taking action against delinquent borrowers,"
MacKay said. "The real question is: Is that an indicator of more challenging
times or more aggressive banker management of farm credits?"

It's both, some in the industry say. Soaring input costs in recent years --
fuel, seed, fertilizer, feed -- clobbered farmers. Hog and dairy farmers, who
also suffered falling prices for their products, were squeezed particularly
hard. A bumper grain crop may eventually drive down feed prices, but it won't
solve the problems.

Tom Anderson, a farm business management educator at Riverland Community College
in Plainview, Minn., near Rochester, calls the situation in dairyland "severe."
In and around Winona County, a big dairy area, a dozen dairy herds (herds run
about 100 to 250 cows) were sold off and dairy operation shut down in the past
two months alone, he said. That will be a $10 million economic hit to the
region, he estimates.

"How do you get your arms around something so big?" he said. "It is a state of
emergency in a lot of ways."

From boom to bust

Hog producers such as Joe Malecek have been caught in the vise grip too.

"Everyone in the hog industry took a big bath," said Malecek, who has been
raising hogs for half a century, the last 20 years on his farm with a twisting
creek and woods filled with oak trees above the Minnesota River. He grew
Mor-Pork Inc. into a multimillion-dollar operation.

The local bank worked with him in recent years when operating costs rocketed,
pork prices tanked and Mor-Pork was losing money by the truckload. His $1.4
million loan was extended several times.

Then it was called in.

The move forced Malecek, 73, to sell all of his 21,000 pigs last year,
essentially shutting down the only livelihood he's ever known. It didn't help
that he had been doing business with the Redwood Falls bank for decades, and
used to be on the board.

"They're my friends, and they kept telling me that 'we've got bank examiners
that aren't pleased with your loan,'" Malecek said.

Driving his van past his cornfields up to a big, gray house with a turret,
surrounded by pumpkins, Malecek is quick to point out that he's not in the
poorhouse. When times were better, they moved the grand old farmhouse to this
spot overlooking the Minnesota River valley. Then they tricked it out with an
elevator, pool and a home theater with overstuffed chairs -- finishing it all
just before the hog markets soured in 2007, he said.

Malecek said he lost $3 million in 2008 and 2009 combined -- though he never
technically defaulted on his $1.4 million loan with Minnwest Bank, also in
Redwood Falls, because the bank extended it several times before telling him he
had to pay up. That was hard to hear from a bank where he once had been a
director for eight years.

Even after selling his hogs, he still owed $500,000. Malecek said he hired a
bankruptcy attorney and told the bank they'd have to take him to court.

For help, rural banks are increasingly turning to the Farm Service Agency (FSA),
an arm of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. FSA guarantees loans for up to 90
percent of the value. FSA loans in Minnesota, both direct loans and ones from
banks with FSA guarantees, have jumped to 1,839 so far this fiscal year, up from
1,359 in 2008. That's the highest level since the mid-1980s, barring a few years
when the state suffered natural disasters, said Stuart Shelstad, head of farm
loans in the state FSA office.

In June, Minnwest gave Malecek $575,000 in loans backed by the FSA, with the
understanding that he would lessen the risk by focusing Mor-Pork on farrowing,
not trying to fatten pigs for market too. Malecek grumbles about the 6.5 percent
interest rate, but he's got 1,500 sows now.

Malecek acknowledges the new loan is "kind of a unique situation."

"I'm hoping to get this thing working and cash flowing so they have a different
view of it before I croak."

Jennifer Bjorhus - 612-673-4683

FARMLOAN DEFAULTS RISE

Official notices to farmers in default on agriculture loans are at the

highest level since the late 1980s. Lenders, mostly small town banks,

have sent farmers 3,670 default notices so far in the fiscal year

ending Oct. 1, up 20 percent from last year and the highest level since

the farm crisis in the 1980s. Lenders are required by state lawto send

the notices,which state the lender's intent to foreclose or collect on

the loan and notify them of their right to seek mediation.

SEE PDF/ MICROFILM FOR CHART

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



             The Wabaunsee County Signal-Enterprise (Alma, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 3, 2011

USDA Designates 4 Counties in Kansas as Primary Natural Disaster Areas

BYLINE: The Wabaunsee County Signal-Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 359  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated 4 counties in Kansas as
natural disaster areas because of losses caused by the combined effects of
excessive rain, excessive heat and drought that occurred April 23-Nov. 1, 2010.

"President Obama and I understand these conditions caused severe damage to corn
and soybeans, and we want to help," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.
"This action will provide help to hundreds of farmers who suffered significant
production losses."

The counties are: Coffey, Osage, Shawnee and Wabaunsee.

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Kansas also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous: Allen,
Anderson, Douglas, Franklin, Geary, Greenwood, Jackson, Jefferson, Lyon, Morris,
Pottawatomie, Riley and Woodson.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Jan. 26, 2011,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from US-DA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

USDA also has made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program (SURE), which was approved
as part of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008; the Emergency
Conservation Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service
Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and application
procedures for these and other programs. Additional information is also
available online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

FSA news releases are available on FSA's website at http://www.fsa.usda.gov via
the "News and Events" link.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAB

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
             Copyright 2011 The Wabaunsee County Signal-Enterprise


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture Starts Program to Speed Loan Approvals

                            March 29, 1984, Thursday

By BART FRAUST

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS


The U.S. Department of Agriculture Wednesday launched an "approved lender"
program similar to that in existence with the Small Business Administration.

Under the program, private lenders will be approved in advance to process
Farmers Home Administration-guaranteed loans.

Secretary of Agriculture John R. Block, addressing the annual meeting here of
the Independent Bankers Association of America, said the program will speed the
processing time for guaranteed farm loans.

"This becomes particularly important as we enter the planting season in most
areas of the country," he said. "Participation by private-sector lenders will
help the Farmers Home Administration assure that available guaranteed loan funds
reach eligible farmers as quickly as possible."

At a press conference after his formal remarks, Mr. Block declined to say how
much time will be saved through the new program.

However, Thomas H. Olson, president of Lisco State Bank in Nebraska and chairman
of the IBAA's agriculture America committee, said loans guaranteed by the
Farmers Home Administration normally take anywhere from 30 to 60 days to
process.

The new program could cut the processing time to 10 days, he said. The time can
be crucial because many of the loans covered by the program are emergency
credits.

"The guaranteed loan program can be of special benefit to those farmers who are
caught in a credit availability gap because they do not quite meet either the
credit standards of private lenders," Mr. Block said, "nor are they in serious
enough financial difficulty to be eligible for consideration by the Farmers Home
Administration as lender of last resort."

The loans covered in the program can be guaranteed up to 90% by the Farmers Home
Administration. The agency also makes direct loans to economically troubled
farmers.

Mr. Block had no estimates on how many farmers or banks will be included in the
program.

The government is supplying no new credit under the approved lenders program.
Mr. Block said about $150 million in operating loans and $300 million in
emergency loans are involved.

An approved lender will be familiar with the requirements of the Farmers Home
Administration, will collect credit information, and will prepare the
application package.

The Farmers Home Administration will continue to make the final decision on
whether a farmer gets a guaranteed loan.

Mr. Block said the program was the result of recommendations from a study group
including representatives of the Farmers Home Administration, the Independent
Bankers Association of America, the American Bankers Association, and the
Cooperative Farm Credit System.

The cabinet official added that the program is part of the Reagan
administration's push to) shift responsibility toward the private sector and
away from the government.

In his speech, Mr. Block noted that farming is becoming increasingly dependent
on the world economy.

The value of agricultural exports rose from 14% of farm output in 1960 to about
30% in 1980, the secretary said. He added that the strength of the U.S. dollar
has made American farm exports less attractive than they were.

In addition, Mr. Block said farmers have become heavy users of capital-intensive
technology, the purchase of which is financed by debt. In 1983, he said, the
interest cost of that debt represented 15% of farm expenses compared with 5% in
1960.

"At recent debt levels, a one percentage point change in the average interest
rate on outstanding farm debt will lead to about a $2 billion change in farm
production expenses," he said.

"So," he told the bankers, "if you can lower rates by one percentage point, you
can add $2 billion to farm income."

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 616 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1984 American Banker, Inc.


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Phnom Penh Post (Cambodia)

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Bank trims rate to coax millers

LENGTH: 662  words


The state-owned bank entrusted with extending $27 million in emergency loans to
millers to purchase rice paddy has marginally lowered the interest rate on these
conditional loans in an effort to shorten some of the strings attached.

The Rural Development Bank (RDB) announced late on Sunday that it would lower
the annual interest rate on loans to rice millers to 7 percent, from 8 percent.

Kao Thach, the bank's CEO, said yesterday that the revised interest rate aimed
at helping farmers get more revenue from the sale of paddy rice by encouraging
millers to accept a floor price. Under the terms of the lending package
announced last week, millers who accept the loans are required to purchase paddy
rice from farmers at $210 per tonne at the farm gate or $225 per tonne at their
warehouse.

The package's announcement came after the farm-gate price of paddy rice fell
precipitously from $240 per tonne in August to $192 per tonne earlier this
month.

'We think it is a suitable interest rate,' Thach said of the revised rate. 'Many
millers have suggested that we lower the interest rate much more than this, but
this new rate is reasonable and acceptable for many people.'

None of the loans have been disbursed yet, Thach said, explaining that the bank
is still evaluating the applicants. He expects the first loan to be issued later
this week.

According to RDB's announcement, the bank has received loan applications
primarily from millers in Battambang, Pursat and Pailin provinces, with a
combined 8,000 tonnes of paddy rice offered as collateral. The bank has agreed
to provide loans up to 70 percent of the collateral's value, which suggests a
total of $1.26 million could be disbursed to these millers.

Phon Nary, director-general of Heng Huch Rice Mill in Battambang province, said
while the RDB's 7 percent interest rate was lower than the going rate at
commercial banks, the stipulation that the funds must be used to purchase paddy
from farmers at the above-market rate of $210 per tonne 'makes things
difficult'. At that price, millers have no margin for profit, he said.

'We know if we buy paddy at a very low price, farmers will die. But, if we buy
paddy from farmers at a high price and sell milled rice at a low price, we will
also die,' he said.

Nary explained that the market price of milled rice has also dropped, falling
from $620 per tonne in August to about $550 per tonne. At that price - factoring
in the costs of electricity, transport, labour and milling - he said millers
could squeak by with a profit. However, heavy competition has pushed some local
millers to offer their product at just $500 per tonne.

'The price of milled rice is decreasing, but we're required to buy paddy at an
above-market price,' he said. 'We might take a loss and so we don't dare to take
the loans.'

Song Saran, CEO of Amru Rice, said that he is currently tapping his company's
reserve funds to purchase paddy from farmers, but might consider taking a loan
from RDB when the main rainy season harvest of fragrant rice begins next month.

He said at 8 percent annual interest, many rice millers would prefer to borrow
from a commercial bank, even at a slightly higher rate, in order to avoid the
conditions attached to the RDB loan. However, by lowering the interest rate to 7
percent, the bank has made it more appealing.

'We want a 6 percent annual rate, but 7 percent is at least a bit better and
acceptable for the majority [of millers],' he said.

The government's announcement of emergency loans to millers and its call for
officials and wealthy patrons to purchase paddy from farmers have had some
effect on stabilising rice paddy prices, according to farmers, though prices
remain low.

Seung Soda, who farms rice on his 12-hectare farm in the Sangke district of
Battambang province, said he sold his paddy for a low $188 per tonne - though
this was higher than the prices he was offered last week.

'The price is better than before, but we cannot earn profit from it yet,' he
said.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Phnom Penh Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Ada Evening News (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 30, 2015 Thursday

Area farmers and ranchers are now eligible for assistance from Tropical Storm
Bill deluge

BYLINE: The Ada News, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 520 words


July 30--OKLAHOMA CITY -- Farmers and ranchers affected by the May 5 to June 22
storms, tornadoes, flooding and straight-line winds could be eligible for
assistance from several agencies.

The Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management and the Federal Emergency
Management Agency can assist survivors who are farmers and ranchers with some
immediate needs, including grants to pay for:

--Temporary housing and minor home repairs;

--Replacement of personal property, including clothing; and

--Serious immediate needs not covered by insurance.

The U.S. Small Business Administration offers low-interest loans to farmers and
ranchers to rebuild or repair their primary homes and replace lost or damaged
personal property.

--To begin the application process, call FEMA at (800) 621-3362, TTY (800)
462-7585, or for those who use 711 or Video Relay Services, call (800) 621-3362.
Survivors may also apply online with any computer, smartphone or tablet at
www.DisasterAssistance.gov.

Emergency loans may be used to:

--Restore or replace essential property;

--Pay all or part of production costs associated with the disaster;

--Pay essential family living expenses;

--Reorganize the farming operation;

--Refinance certain debts, excluding real estate;

--Provide to loan applicants up to 100 percent of their total actual production
and/or physical losses. (Production losses must exceed 30 percent.) The maximum
loan is $500,000.

Other programs through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency
include:

The Non-Insured Crop Disaster Assistance Program provides financial assistance
for non-insurable crops when low yields, loss of inventory, or prevented
planting occur due to natural disasters, including grass for grazing. Eligible
producers must have purchased coverage for 2015.

The Livestock Indemnity Program provides payments to eligible producers for
livestock death losses in excess of normal mortality due to the disaster.

The Tree Assistance Program for nursery tree growers, vineyards and orchardists.

The Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees and Farm-Raised Fish Program
provides emergency relief for feed losses (including lost grazing days and baled
forage) and/or water shortages due to a disaster.

The Emergency Conservation Program provides funding to rehabilitate land
severely damaged by a natural disaster, including fencing.

As of July 27, FEMA has received 38 registrations for Federal Disaster
Assistance from  Pontotoc County;  42 registrations from Murray County and 45
registrations from Hughes County.

In all of Oklahoma, FEMA has received 9,719 registrations for Federal Disaster
Assistance.

The registration deadline is Aug. 26.

To date, the FSA has identified dozens of disaster counties and contiguous
counties where farmers and ranchers are eligible for FSA emergency loans. To get
more information on FSA services, go online to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture website at: www.fsa.usda.gov.

To locate your nearest FSA County office, visit: http://offices.usda.gov.

___ (c)2015 The Ada News (Ada, Okla.) Visit The Ada News (Ada, Okla.) at
theadanews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150730-XJ-Area-farmers-and-ranchers-are-now-eligible-for-assistance-from-Tropi
cal-Storm-Bill-deluge-0730-20150730

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XJ


                        Copyright 2015 Ada Evening News


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 7, 1985, Thursday, Final Edition

Senate Panel Balks At Agriculture Cuts, Defifcit Reduction;
Emergency Farm Aid Vetoed by President

BYLINE: By David Hoffman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 650 words


President Reagan vetoed emergency farm-credit relief legislation yesterday,
lambasting Congress for approving a "massive new bailout" that he said "would
not really help farmers" but "would add billions to the deficit over the next
several years."

Striking a defiant tone in the first veto of his second term, Reagan told
reporters who were called to the Oval Office that "Congress failed" its first
major budget test of the year and added: "Someone must stand up to those who
say, 'Here's the key to the Treasury -- just take as many of those hard-earned
tax dollars as you want.' "

House Speaker Thomas P. (Tip) O'Neill Jr. (D-Mass.) said he would not seek to
override the veto but was asking farm-state lawmakers to compromise with Reagan
instead. "The veto is not the answer to the problems of the American farmer," he
said. Tuesday's House vote approving the bill to provide short-term aid to
farmers was 255 to 168 -- less than the two-thirds vote necessary to override a
veto.

White House spokesman Larry Speakes immediately rejected the suggestion of a
compromise.

Republicans had accused Democrats of sending the farm bill to the president only
to score political points in the Farm Belt. Reagan said the bill "is merely
designed to convey the impression of helping farmers" but came "too late in the
season" to do any good.

The farm credit legislation was tacked onto a bill authorizing $175 million in
disaster and refugee assistance to drought-ravaged African nations. In a shift,
Reagan said he would sign the disaster legislation if it stood alone. White
House officials earlier said Reagan would take a "hard look" at the Africa bill
because it was more expensive than he wanted.

The African relief funds are expected to reach the Senate floor soon. Reagan
said his veto would not interrupt the flow of aid to Africa.

Reagan acknowledged that "some of our farmers are facing severe financial
problems" but said less than 4 percent "are in need of immediate help." He
ascribed farmers' economic woes to "a generation of failed policies that drove
down farm prices and drove up the cost of their land, seed and equipment," and
also cited the inflation and grain embargoes of the late 1970s.

Farmers in trouble "deserve our sympathy and our support" and "the federal
government mustn't shirk its responsibility to help undo some of the damage that
it created," Reagan said. He said his administration's already-announced
emergency measures are adequate.

"But I've pleaded and warned repeatedly that, just as your families don't have a
blank check for whatever your needs may be, neither can government -- and that
means taxpayers -- bail out every farmer hopelessly in debt or every bank which
made imprudent or speculative loans and bet on higher inflation," Reagan said.

Congress was "bemoaning the size of the deficits" earlier this year but "a
majority proved itself incapable of resisting the tax-and-spend philosophy that
brought America to its knees and wrecked our economy," he said.

In his veto message, Reagan said the farm credit bill would add at least $2.5
billion to the deficit over the next few years; O'Neill said it would cost $250
million over six years, and less if farmers pay back their loans with interest.

In a point-by-point attack on the legislation, Reagan objected to requiring the
government "to assume an unwarranted 90 percent of the risk on all new loans
made by private lenders through a $1.85 billion debt adjustment program."

He assailed as "unprecedented and unjustified" a provision giving farmers
advance payments on unplanted crops from the Commodity Credit Corp. He said the
legislation "substantially and unnecessarily" increases the loan guarantee level
for farmers above the administration's $650 million, and he declared that $100
million in payments to rural banks would "soon grow into an uncontrollable
spending program."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pictures 1 through 3, Reagan vetores farm credit proposal, saying it
"would not really help farmers." President Reagan's signed message vetoing the
farm bill, which he termed a "massive new bailout," lies beside his arm. Rep.
Thomas A. Daschie (D-S.D.) and House Majority Leader James C. Wright Jr. lead
farm bill's symbolic signing. Washington Post Photos

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Alamogordo Daily News (New Mexico)

                             April 16, 2010 Friday

Emergency loans for small farmers, ranchers available

BYLINE: Alamogordo Daily News Daily News Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 143 words


Otero County farmers and ranchers in are now eligible to be considered for
low-interest emergency loans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm
Service Agency, according to a news release issued Thursday from Sen. Jeff
Bingaman's office.

Six New Mexico counties were declared eligible for disaster assistance because
of their proximity to Texas counties that were declared disaster areas due to
continuing drought.

"These loans help farmers and ranchers who have been affected by drought get
back on their feet," Bingaman stated in the release.

In addition to Otero, Do?a Ana, Eddy, Lea, Quay and Roosevelt counties are
eligible.

Otero County farmers and ranchers can get more information or determine their
eligibility for a low interest loan at the local USDA Farm Service Center in
Alamogordo at 3501 Mesa Village Drive, or call the center at 437-3100.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 Alamogordo Daily News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 2, 1985, Wednesday, Final Edition

Iowa Governor Activates Debt-Moratorium Law;
Farmers Can Seek One-Year Reprieve From Foreclosure

BYLINE: By James R. Dickenson, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A3

LENGTH: 587 words


Gov. Terry E. Branstad proclaimed an economic "emergency" in Iowa yesterday,
automatically activating a state law that enables strapped farmers to go to
court and request a one-year reprieve from foreclosure.

The debt-moratorium law, a rewrite of a more lenient 1939 law, requires the
farmer to make interest payments. It does not guarantee that any moratoriums
would be granted.

Branstad, a Republican, has been pressured by farm groups for months to proclaim
the emergency and trigger the law. Some farm groups have maintained a vigil
outside his office in an effort to force him to act.

Branstad said he waited until the current farm bill expired with the end of
fiscal 1985 Monday to send a "loud and clear" signal to the federal government
about the severity of the farm-debt crisis.

A spokesman said the governor was acting to keep the Farm Credit Administration
from foreclosing on 10 to 12 percent of its farmer borrowers nationwide this
fall. But Iowa bankers said his move could hurt people it is intended to help by
making farm credit scarce.

"My action today is designed to tell Washington, in a loud and clear voice, 'We
need help in the heartland,' " Branstad told reporters in Des Moines.

Although the law does not guarantee the farmer a reprieve from foreclosure, it
places the burden of proof on the lender before foreclosing.

The lender must demonstrate to the court that he helped the farmer restructure
his debt as advantageously as possible, that he helped the farmer into any
available federal and state aid programs and that the farmer had failed to make
interest payments before foreclosing.

The 1939 bill it replaced allowed a straight one-year continuation of a farmer's
loan upon declaration of economic emergency. Twenty-eight states had similar
laws during the Great Depression but only Minnesota and Iowa have farm
debt-moratorium laws now. Minnesota allows farmers with legal counsel to seek
stays of foreclosure until July 1987.

Bankers urged Branstad not to invoke the moratorium because it is likely to
force them to deny future loans to farmers in the worst financial straits,
according to Neil Milner, executive vice president of the Iowa Bankers
Association. Many bankers are doing voluntarily what the moratorium law
requires.

"We really do not see any benefit," he said. "It doesn't eliminate the debt.
It's still going to be there. I think the terrible part of it is it hurts the
very people you're trying to help."

Iowa State Banking Superintendent Thomas Huston said the moratorium would not
cure the high interest rates and low crop prices ruining many of the state's
family farmers.

"It's hard to interfere with the market," he said.

Last month, Branstad ordered an across-the-board cut of 3.8 percent in the state
budget as the result of declining state sales- and income-tax revenues because
of the farm depression. Local Iowa governments also have been hurt financially
because of many farmers' inability to pay property taxes.

"We're walking a fine line because, if the moratorium is too aggressive, it has
a chilling effect on the lenders and you hurt those you want to help," said
Prof. Neil E. Harl of Iowa State University, who helped draft the new law.

"This applies only to loans secured by land as collateral and requires payment
of interest, which is vital to the lenders," he said.

A spokesman for Branstad said about 40 percent of Iowa's 110,000 farmers are in
severe financial trouble with a debt-to-assets ratio of 70 percent or more.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture 1, A farm in Iowa. A state spokesman said about 40 percent of
Iowa's 110,000 farmers are in severe trouble with debt-tp-assets ratio of 70
percent or more. By Margaret Thomas -- The Washington Post; Picture 2, Gov.
Branstad: under pressure for months to act. By John McDonnell-The Washington
Post

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Fate Unclear for Senate Bill to Aid Banks Saddled With Farm, Energy Loan Woes

                            April 3, 1986, Thursday

By Joan Pryde

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 2


Senate legislation to aid commercial banks hurt by the problems in the farm and
energy sectors faces a very uncertain future when Congress returns next week
from its Easter recess.

Senate and banking industry sources said, however, that one of the bill's
provisions significantly enhances its prospects for passage. The provision would
extend a law scheduled to expire this month that allows federal regulators to
resolve many bank and thrift failures without having to close the institutions
and drain the federal deposit insurance funds.

An aide to Senate Banking Committee chairman Jake Garn, R-Utah, said he had ''no
answers yet'' as to what will happen when the Senate reconvenes.  Other sources
divided sharply over the outlook for the bill.

''It's dead. If it's not dead, it's probably greatly in need of a life support
system,'' a banking analyst said.

But an industry lobbyist disagreed. ''I think it's coming back. It's got to.
They've gone to all this trouble to put something together,'' he said.

Key legislators rushed the bill through the Senate Banking Committee last week
in hopes that the Senate would pass it before the Easter recess and allow
incumbent farm- and energy-state senators to take something home to their
constituents. Several snags developed, however, and the legislation never made
it to the Senate floor.

The bill would put into law a plan that the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corp., and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency unveiled on
March 11 to aid agricultural banks, which they defined as institutions with
loans to farmers in excess of 25% of their total outstanding debt.

The agencies said they would allow banks with troubled farm loans to operate at
less-than-minimum capital requirements, would encourage those banks to stick
with such loans, and would resurrect a little-used provision in federal
financial accounting standards that allows troubled banks to treat renegotiated
loans so they are not immediately recorded as losses.

The financial regulators added that the plan could also apply to energy banks,
which they defined as institutions with at least 25% of their debt in oil and
gas loans.

The Senate panel added to the bill a provision extending for three months a law
allowing the emergency acquisition by out-of-state institutions of failed banks
and savings and loans with assets of more than $500 million. The law currently
is scheduled to expire April 15. Another provision the committee added would
place a three-month moratorium on federal regulatory approval of applications by
banks to set up limited-service banks.

Sources also disagreed as to what kept the Senate from voting on the bill.
Several said objections were raised to the moratorium on limited-service banks.
But a number of Banking Committee aides said the overriding problem was the
desire of several farm-state senators to broaden the legislation to aid farmers
directly and to aid the Federal Farm Credit System.

Sources who said they did not expect the Senate to act on the bill noted that
lawmakers have little motivation to do so, because the farm and energy
provisions of the bill merely codify the regulators' initiative. Moreover, the
regulators announced last week that they had formally implemented the plan.

But others said the emergency-acquisition provision would enhance the bill's
chances of passage. Congress will be under pressure not to let that law lapse,
said one industry consultant, because federal regulators ''are using it madly''
to resolve bank and savings and loan failures without having to close the
institutions and pay off depositors. The FDIC has said that it expects bank
failures in 1986 to exceed last year's post-Depression record of 120.

One Banking Committee aide said he was confident Senate leaders could persuade
farm-state legislators to drop their plans to expand the legislation.  ''They
understand this bill isn't going to take that kind of weight,'' the aide said.
''It's designed to get at the [commercial] banking part of the farm credit
problem.''

Even so, the Senate is only one hurdle facing the legislation. Banking industry
observers admitted to being baffled as to what will happen to the bill in the
House.

An aide to House Banking Committee chairman Fernand St Germain, D-R.I., said
that although the committee expects the Senate to pass the legislation, Mr. St
Germain's own plans remain unclear. ''We know it's coming over, but we don't
know what he [Mr. St Germain] is going to do,'' said the aide.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 761 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         La Crosse Tribune (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 1, 2013 Friday

New Prairie du Chien hospital to get $32.4 million USDA loan

BYLINE: Mike Tighe, La Crosse Tribune, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 891 words


March 01--PRAIRIE DU CHIEN -- Prairie du Chien Memorial Hospital got a booster
shot today with a $32.4 million U.S. Department of Agriculture loan to build a
new facility.

"This is the largest Rural Development Community Facilities loan that has ever
been awarded in the state of Wisconsin by USDA." Dallas Tonsager, rural
development undersecretary of the USDA, said as he announced the loan at the
hospital this morning.

"This investment illustrates the Obama administration's continued commitment to
helping rural communities compete in today's global economy," Tonsager said. "A
project of this magnitude will improve the quality of life for area residents,
not only with improved access to medical care, but by strengthening the local
economy."

The loan, which Tonsager said is in its final approval stages, is a huge boost
to help bring the $50 million project to fruition, hospital officials said.

The need is obvious, CEO Bill Sexton said during an interview Thursday in the
present hospital, which has been renovated 11 times since it was built 55 years
ago.

"Technology when this was designed was the iron lung," Sexton said. "The
building has been well maintained, and it's in good shape, but there is no
opportunity to grow."

The 25-bed acute care hospital has been able to keep up with much of the
technology, he said.

"We have more high-tech than most our size. We've made it work, but this is not
for the future," he said.

The hospital's staff of 312 includes five doctors, with additional physicians at
the Great River Community Medical Clinic. Gundersen Lutheran and Mayo also
provide services, including surgery and obstetrics, at Memorial. Other offerings
include pediatrics, diagnostics, medical screenings, 24-hour emergency room,
wellness programs and nearly 60 other services.

But limitations abound, such as small patient rooms that lack showers and
cramped emergency rooms, Sexton said.

The hospital, at 90,000 square feet, is so landlocked in this city of about
6,000 that it leases parking space from the Prairie du Chien School District
across the street, and its helipad is in the United Methodist Church's parking
lot across another street.

Land won't be a problem at the new site, a 105-acre parcel across from the
municipal airport. Current plans call for the hospital and parking areas to take
up 45 acres, with room for expansion later, Sexton said.

The new 25-bed facility, projected to be 137,500 square feet, will feature
larger patient rooms that will allow family members and friends to visit, a
larger emergency department with increased privacy and room for other clinics,
he said.

Emergency room Dr. Tim Fitzner is looking forward to more elbow room. "This ER
is horribly antiquated in size," he said. "We've got good equipment, but we just
lack places to put it. The problem is trying to get at it."

Sexton extols the value of small community hospitals such as Memorial to provide
local health care.

"We're sometimes thought of as 'safety net' hospitals," he said. "It's important
to have a local health care resource for heart attacks, chain saw accidents,
vehicle accidents and farm accidents.

"We are able to care for 98 percent of our patients, and send the other 2
percent" to bigger facilities, he said.

If a pneumonia patient had to be hospitalized in La Crosse instead of Prairie du
Chien, he said, "Where do your wife and kids and everybody else go to visit. If
you're a farmer, who takes care of the farm while they are visiting you?"

A good reception

Many residents are enthusiastic about the new hospital.

Karen Brewer is the deli manager at Go America gas and convenience store on the
north edge of town.

"I think it's a good time to relocate and expand because I think the hospital
has outgrown itself," she said. "And technology has advanced in health care."

City Administrator Aaron Kramer said the hospital's success is key to Prairie du
Chien's future.

Echoing those sentiments is Tom Harris, manager of the local 3M plant, which
employs about 600 people.

The hospital is a good recruitment tool, he said, adding, "As an industrial
manufacturer in Prairie du Chien, we partner with them on wellness. Emergency
services, if we need them, and health and wellness are a tremendous asset."

Market and Johnson Inc. of La Crosse was chosen as general contractor because of
its reputation on local projects and willingness to use local subcontractors,
said Dave Breitbach, the hospital's chief financial officer.

Hospital officials shopped around for the best financing deal, deciding to apply
for the USDA's rural development funds because they liked the terms of 3.125
percent interest over 30 years.

The not-for-profit hospital also is arranging local bank financing and will use
earnings to pay for the project.

"That mix was important to the USDA," Breitbach said. "They wanted to see local
banking involved and a commitment from the hospital."

The total $50 million cost for the new hospital includes $35 million for the
building; $12.5 million for the 105-acre site, preparation, design fees,
equipment, and furnishings; and $2.5 million to update and add new diagnostic
equipment later. Groundbreaking is expected in April, and completion in fall
2014.

___ (c)2013 the La Crosse Tribune (La Crosse, Wis.) Visit the La Crosse Tribune
(La Crosse, Wis.) at www.lacrossetribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130301-LQ-New-Prairie-du-Chien-hospital-to-get-32.4-million-USDA-loan
-0301-20130301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LQ


                        Copyright 2013 La Crosse Tribune


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             May 23, 1981 Saturday

AGRICULTURE   Help urged for farmers hit by high rates

BYLINE: EDWARD CLIFFORD; GAM

LENGTH: 1266 words


By  EDWARD CLIFFORD
   Help is far from being at hand for farmers struggling under onerous debt
 interest burdens, despite the fact that governments, the federally funded
 Farm Credit Corp. and the Canadian Bankers Association all acknowledge a
 serious and growing problem.

"This is an emergency," said David Kirk, executive secretary of the  Canadian
Federation of Agriculture. "The evidence is that there is a  rising flood of
farmers in trouble, and current bank interest rates are  the crushing blow that
will put them under."     The federation cannot identify how many farmers are
affected, although  it believes beef and hog producers in Ontario have the
biggest problem.  The only "evidence" that Mr. Kirk could cite is that one
federal member of  Parliament said he surveyed bankers in his Western Ontario
constituency,  who told him as many as 70 farmers face foreclosures this year,
compared  with an average 10 to 15 in normal years. The chairman of Farm Credit
Corp., Rolland Poirier, said only about 2 per cent of its customers are in
serious difficulty. Because most FCC loans are long term, however, he  thinks
the customers of commercial banks with short and medium term loans  are probably
in worse shape.

Among those most severely hit are greenhouse operators. Like beef and
 hog farming, these operations are often conducted on a minimal land base,
 and have not benefited greatly from rising land values.

But the troubles can be shared by farmers with larger land holdings. As
 inflation pushed up the value of their farmlands, many farmers felt that
 they could safely increase their debt load. Unfortunately, their cash flow
 did not keep pace with their debt costs, and they have experienced
 problems repaying the debt.

This is the second half of the interest squeeze equation. If the prices
 for pork and beef were at the level they were three years ago, producers
 would have little trouble carrying their debt load, one observer said.

Mr. Poirier said that of FCC's 71,000 customers, about 5,000 were in
 arrears at the end of April. However, FCC does not consider a farmer is in
 serious difficulty unless he falls at least a year in arrears, and this is
 the case with about 1,250 of its customers.

Demand for FCC loans has never been higher, and the corporation has
 usually been able to meet most of the requests it gets. But in the current
 high interest environment, farmers who experience a cash windfall find it
 unattractive to prepay their FCC loans, which average about 9.5 per cent
 interest.

Without these prepayment funds available to lend out again, the
 corporation finds itself with a limited lending capacity at the very time
 it needs money the most. Mr. Poirier said its lending budget has increased
 only about 10 or 12 per cent above fiscal 1981, or about in line with the
 rate of inflation.

That both federal agencies and the corporate banks are at least talking
 of the plight of farmers underscores the perception that farming is not an
 ordinary business, but deserves special treatment.

Farmland is an underlying asset of great value that makes a farm loan a
 good risk. Without wanting to minimize the plight of farmers in genuine
 trouble, one banker said that while the actual number of farm foreclosures
 may be higher than usual, "it is still very low in relation to small
 business in general."
    He said complaints to the Department of Agriculture have been on two
 subjects: the high level of interest rates, and the foreclosure practices
 of the banks. There may be an isolated exception, but banks usually
 discuss a farmer's financial position with him for months, perhaps up to a
 year, be fore they resort to foreclosure, he said.
    "Foreclosure is very traumatic for the borrower, and some very dramatic
 stories can be told about a bank suddenly swooping down on an unsuspecting
 farmer and taking over. But that's not the way it works."
    Besides, he added, debt interest charges on the average amount to about
 15 per cent of the cost of running a farm. The other 85 per cent of costs
 are also accelerating at or above the rate of inflation, but they are not
 getting the same publicity.

Mr. Kirk said "it is not valid to argue that the increasing
 bankruptcies are a result of bad management on the part of people who
 don't deserve help. We challenge anyone to say it was bad management
 because a farmer in 1978 or 1979 didn't foresee interest rates at 20 per
 cent, when the banks willingly lent them the money that has now become
 such a disastrous burden."
    Mr. Poirier said the next move is up to the farmers themselves. He said
 Agricultural Minister Eugene Whelan has asked farmers in trouble with the
 banks to get in touch with the department. The FCC says the same. "All
 through this, we have said that farmers who are having trouble repaying
 loans with the FCC should get in touch with our professional men in the
 field."
    If the FCC has "the slightest hope" that the farmer can eventually
 recover, it will allow him to fall further in arrears or reamortize the
 loan. Debt consolidation cases will be given priority, he said.

The provincial governments, especially Ontario, have been long on
 advice and short on actual financial help. Ontario Agriculture and Food
 Minister Lorne Henderson considers financial aid a federal responsibility.

He has called on the federal Government to include debt consolidation
 in the Farm Improvement Loans Act, and to extend small business bonds to
 unincorporated farmers. He also proposed an investment fund, which would
 provide low interest loans to farmers and a tax shelter to investors.

The province intends to establish a committee to review the operations
 of Ontario farmers whose creditors are about to call loans. Under one
 financial aid scheme, the Ontario Young Farmer Credit program, the
 Government guarantees loans made to farmers between the ages of 18 and 35
 for such purchases as livestock, equipment and buildings, but not debt
 consolidation.

This is the only financial assistance Ontario has in place, according
 to Mr. Kirk. Other provinces, Quebec, Alberta and British Columbia in
 particular, all have some sort of emergency aid scheme, he said, and this
 is probably the reason that bankruptcies and foreclosures are more
 prevalent in Ontario than elsewhere.

F. A. Droppo, chief of commercial loan services for the Canadian
 Bankers Association, had two meetings with Mr. Whelan, and said the banks
 "fully appreciate that the current level of interest rates is creating a
 very serious burden for the agricultural industry."
    The CBA has agreed to ask its member banks to "show flexibility and
 consideration in dealing with hardship cases." In documented hardship
 cases brought to the minister's attention, the CBA will forward them to
 the individual banks with a request that they be handled reasonably.

Meanwhile the Canadian Federation of Agriculture favors establishing a
 review system of farm foreclosures, administered by the FCC. Mr. Kirk
 admits that the federation is in the dark about the extent of the problem
 in statistical terms. At the very least, a review board could gather such
 information as a basis for determining what aid, if any, should be
 launched.

Mr. Kirk stops short of criticizing the lenders but repeated much the  same
argument used by the Government in coming to the aid of Massey-  Ferguson Ltd.
of Toronto - that the lenders should share the risks when a  client is in
financial trouble.     "Some people think the banks are unreasonably harsh.
We're not  interested in creating a controversy over it, but you can be darn
sure the  the banks are taking care of themselves."

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Philipsburg Mail (Montana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 30, 2015

No requests yet for drought assistance

BYLINE: Philipsburg Mail staff

LENGTH: 327  words


Granite County was one of 15 Montana counties that was designated as a natural
disaster area in July because of extreme drought conditions from low snowpack
and littie rain -- but the farm service agency that manages emergency funding
for farm operators said that most of the requests for assistance weren't
expected to be coming in until later in the year.

Governor Steve Bullock announced that Granite County, as well as Deer Lodge,
Missoula, Beaverhead, Deer Lodge, Flathead, Glacier, Lake, Lewis and Clark,
Lincoln, Mineral, Pondera, Powell, Ravalli, Sanders and Silver Bow counties,
were eligible for the emergency loan funding. This allows farm operators in
these counties to be eligible for assistance from the Farm Services Agency (FSA)
to recover from losses as a result of natural disaster.

On Monday, Jennifer Cole of the FSA said Granite County had not been a
designated drought area in the last four years. In 2013, Granite was one of only
four counties in the state not designated as a drought area.

There had been no applications from Granite County farm producers for assistance
so far, she said.

Cole pointed out that Granite was also made eligible for the Livestock Forage
Disaster Program (LFP), which provides compensation to eligible livestock
producers who suffered grazing losses due to a qualifying drought or fire on
federally managed land. Eligible producers must own or lease grazing land
physically located in a county affected by a qualifying drought during the
normal grazing period for the county.

FSA State Executive Director Bruce Nelson stated that LFP provided almost $60
million in disaster relief to more than 4,100 Montana livestock producers for
the 2012 and 2013 crop years.

Producers must complete an application and provide supporting documentation for
2015 losses by Feb. 1, 2016.

Cole said that producers have eight months from the date of the designation --
July 15 -- to request assistance for emergency loans through the FSA.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: People

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PHM

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 Philipsburg Mail


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Record

                          September 10, 2005, Saturday

Cherry losses put at $ 38.5 million in San Joaquin County

BYLINE: By Reed Fujii

LENGTH: 544 words



STOCKTON -- San Joaquin County cherry growers may receive some relief from
Washington in the form of low-interest loans now that area farm officials have
declared the past spring's crop -- hammered by $ 38.5 million in losses because
of rain -- a disaster.

Scott Hudson, county agricultural commissioner reached that conclusion,
estimating the overall loss averaged 0.83 tons, or 1,660 pounds, on each of the
area's 16,200 acres of cherry orchards. That's nearly 40 percent below the
county's average production for the past five years.

He requested a formal disaster declaration through the Governor's Office of
Emergency Services, which forwarded the request to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

Any sort of relief for the crop losses would come from federal officials, Hudson
said Friday.

"We're the ones that make the call on whether there's a problem. They're the
ones that resolve it," he said.

Jeff Torres, executive director of the USDA's Farm Service Agency office in
Stockton, reported Friday he was still waiting to receive word from his higher
ups.

Should that come through, Torres said affected cherry grower would probably be
offered low-cost emergency loans to cover their losses.

"That's probably right now what we'd offer right off the bat," he said.

Growers would qualify for such loans, however, only if they are unable to borrow
money from commercial agricultural lenders. The agency's direct emergency-loan
program allows farmers to borrow up to the amount of their loss up to $ 500,000
over one to seven years at 3.75 percent interest.

Cherries are a leading cash crop in San Joaquin County, which accounts for
about60 percent of cherry production in California. The value of the 2004 crop
was pegged at nearly $ 98 million.

The fruit, as it approaches full ripeness, is susceptible to damage from late
rains. The moisture causes the cherries to swell, and the tender skins split,
rendering them worthless. It can also foster fungus and rot.

Statewide, California cherry growers lost perhaps half the total crop to rain
this year, said Jim Culbertson, executive manager of the California Cherry
Advisory Board in Lodi.

Still, those farmers shipped more than 3.2 million 18-pound boxes of cherries to
market this year.

"We've had worse," Culbertson said Friday. Much greater weather losses were
suffered in 1998, when statewide production fell short of 900,000 boxes.

At the same time, he noted, crop damage varied from region to region or even
orchard to orchard, depending on when and where the rains came. Many growers saw
their cherry crops wiped out.

"It's probably a little bit of a situation of the haves and have-nots,"
Culbertson said. "Based on timing and crop ripening within the district, earlier
guys were maybe more affected by the rains and have some real horror stories to
tell about their situations."


-----

To see more of The Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.recordnet.com.

Copyright (c) 2005, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SK-CHERRY-20050910

JOURNAL-CODE: SK

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                           Copyright 2005 The Record


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 23, 2007 Sunday

Erie Times-News, Pa., business buzz column

BYLINE: Michael Regal, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 441 words


Sep. 23--What's the right environment in which to develop a leader?

According to a recent article on CNN.com, there's no place like Erie. The online
publication ranked General Electric No. 1 on its list of the top 20 companies
for developing leaders and cited Erie as the place where some great GE careers
have taken off.

The publication reported: "One secret weapon: the job of running GE
Transportation ... The person running the shop -- currently 21-year GE veteran
John Dineen -- gets experience dealing directly with CEOs of customer companies.
The business is unionized, so he learns about labor negotiations. The product is
complex, as is the supply chain."

And to cap it all off, "Erie is sufficiently remote and unglamorous that the CEO
can develop without national media scrutiny. And if, heaven forbid, the leader
is a washout, GE is big enough to handle the trouble without bottom-line
trauma."

BORECKY FRUIT FARM in Fairview, off Route 98 on McCray Road, has been in the
pick-your-own fruit business for more than 20 years. The farm offers more than
40 varieties of apples that can be picked through October. They also offer
unpasteurized cider.

The farm is open Wednesday through Saturday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Call Carl
Borecky at 474-5628 for more information.

PENNSYLVANIA COUNTIES will be eligible for U.S. Department of Agriculture
low-interest emergency loans to help recover from drought and storm damage, Gov.
Ed Rendell said.

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns authorized the low-interest emergency
loans for farmers in Pennsylvania counties after receiving Rendell's request for
emergency disaster declaration because of precipitation deficits and low
groundwater levels.

Twenty-six counties were declared primary disaster areas. Twenty-one additional
counties were named contiguous disaster areas because they border counties that
were affected by drought.

THERE WILL BE a reception Thursday evening at Union Station for the 2008 edition
of the Black Yellow Pages.

The event, which runs from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m., will be hosted by Cynthia
Muhammed.

There will also be a salute to local business.

To register, call 455-2830.

Got an idea for The Buzz? Call Michael Regal at 870-1817 or send e-mail to
michael.regal@timesnews.com

To see more of the Erie Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.GoErie.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Erie Times-News, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070923-EI-BIZ-BUZZ-20070923

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2007 Erie Times-News


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cullman Times (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 15, 2017 Sunday

Help still available for farmers hurt by drought

BYLINE: Tiffeny Owens, The Cullman Times, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 725 words


Jan. 15--For the hundreds of local farmers, 2016 will be remembered for its
devastating drought, but there is financial assistance available to help make
2017 a better year.

Tuesday will be the last chance Cullman County farmers needing hay for livestock
can sign up with the Cullman Soil and Water Conservation District Office to
reserve bales at $30 each. Dozens have already filed their applications and
secured thousands of bales of hay that local organizations have hauled in from
out of state.

The Cullman Soil and Water Conservation District Office will be closed Monday in
observance of the federal holiday for Martin Luther King, Jr. but will reopen
Tuesday. The office is located at 501B Fourth St. S.W. in Cullman in the Cullman
USDA building and will close at 4 p.m.

Applications will be processed on a first come-first served basis. Hay is
limited and will be distributed on at rationed amounts.

Once a farmer is approved, they will be contacted with a pick-up time and amount
of hay that they have been approved for. The hay is being warehoused at the
Cullman Agricultural Trade Center on U.S. 31.

The Cullman County Commission, Cullman County Cattleman Association, Cullman
County Farmer's Federation, Cullman Soil and Water Conservation District Office
and Cullman County Economic Development have joined together to form the Cullman
County Hay Relief Program.

But besides the local effort to help farmers who watched their crops wither and
ponds dry up, federal assistance is also available through the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA).

All 67 counties in Alabama have been designated natural disaster areas due to
losses caused by the drought. That means qualified farm operators are eligible
for low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met.

Farmers have eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to
help cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application
on its own merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available
and repayment ability.

FSA has a variety of programs to help eligible farmers recover, including the
Emergency Conservation Program; Livestock Forage Disaster Program; Livestock
Indemnity Program (LIP); Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees, and Farm
-Raised Fish Program; and the Tree Assistance Program.

Interested farmers can contact the Cullman County Farm Service Agency for
further information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for
these and other programs.

In particular, the Livestock Indemnity Program provides assistance to eligible
producers for livestock death losses in excess of normal mortality due to
adverse weather and attacks by animals reintroduced into the wild by the federal
government or protected by federal law.

For 2016, eligible losses must occur on or after Jan. 1, 2016, and no later than
60 calendar days from the ending date of the applicable adverse weather event or
attack.

A notice of loss must be filed with FSA within 30 days of when the loss of
livestock is apparent. Participants must provide the following supporting
documentation to their local FSA office no later than 90 calendar days after the
end of the calendar year in which the eligible loss condition occurred.

--Proof of death documentation

--Copy of growers contracts

--Proof of normal mortality documentation

Producers who suffer livestock losses in 2016 must file both of the following:

--A notice of loss the earlier of 30 calendar days of when the loss was apparent
or by January 30, 2017.

--An application for payment by March 30, 2017.

The U.S. Farm Service Agency encourages producers to consider USDA crop risk
protection options, including federal crop insurance and Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program (NAP) coverage, before the applicable crop sales
deadline.

More information is also available online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

According to the latest U.S. Drought Monitor, 67.3 percent of Cullman County
remains in "extreme drought" (D3) which is just one level below the worst
designation while the rest are in "severe drought" (D2).

Tiffeny Owens can be reached at 256-734-2131, ext. 135.

___ (c)2017 The Cullman Times (Cullman, Ala.) Visit The Cullman Times (Cullman,
Ala.) at www.cullmantimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170115-ZC-Help-still-available-for-farmers-hurt-by-drought-0115-20170115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZC


                        Copyright 2017 The Cullman Times


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Fewer Farmers in Trouble Than Feared; Too Early to Gauge Credit System's Needs

                            November 7, 1986, Friday

By Denis G. Gulino

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 6


Fewer farmers than thought are in serious trouble, but it is too early to tell
whether the nation's Farm Credit System will need emergency federal credit, a
regulator of the system said today.

Marvin Duncan, a recently appointed member of the three-man Farm Credit
Administration board, told a group of economists it has taken longer than the
board wanted to start using some of the new powers granted by Congress, which
turned the board into a regulating agency.

So, he said, it is still too soon to know how well the recently organized Farm
Credit System's Capital Corp. will be able to consolidate bad loans and assess
system lending institutions. The assessment authority, part of broad new powers
granted by Congress in the last two years, is being challenged in several courts
around the country.

''By itself, the legislation does not stop the deterioration in the system's
financial condition,'' Mr. Duncan said. Therefore, it is ''unfair'' to ask
whether the system will eventually have to request an emergency infusion of
credit from the Treasury Department, he said.

Instead of one-third of the nation's commercial farmers - holding half the farm
debt - being in serious financial trouble, the latest figures show that
one-sixth of the farmers - holding one-third of the farm debt - are vulnerable.

The system set aside $2.6 billion in loan loss reserves last year and another
$982 million in the first half of this year. The system's bonds are selling
again at about a 30 basis point premium over Treasury securities, a much
narrower spread than the more than 1 percentage point premium they were selling
at when the system's problems were just being uncovered.

The system's most serious remaining problems, according to Mr. Duncan, are the
condition of its loan portfolio - a fifth of which is ''adversely classified'';
its huge amount of outstanding high-interest securities without call provisions;
and its ''management quality, its internal controls, and its business
structure.''

In addition, relations between the system and its borrowers, customers, and
stockholders have deteriorated, ''particularly in the nation's heartland and and
this has materially weakened the system's retail lending operations,'' Mr.
Duncan said.

Although Congress allowed the system to stretch out the amortization of bad
loans and the high cost of debt over 20 years in its financial reporting, the
lending institutions will still be required to keep a second set of books using
generally accepted accounting principles, Mr. Duncan said.

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 429 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 29, 2007 Monday

EDITORIAL: Help for ag

BYLINE: The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 289 words


Jan. 29--HELP IS on the way. Last week the U.S. Department of Agriculture
announced that farmers and ranchers in 10 Southern Colorado counties will be
eligible for emergency loans to recover from losses in late-December blizzards.

The 10 counties are Baca, Bent, Crowley, El Paso, Huerfano, Kiowa, Las Animas,
Otero, Prowers and Pueblo.

Additionally, 10 other counties in the state were named as "contiguous disaster
areas" where eligible agriculture families may qualify for Farm Service Agency
emergency loans under the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act. Those
counties are Alamosa, Cheyenne, Costilla, Custer, Douglas, Elbert, Fremont,
Lincoln, Saguache and Teller.

The aid announcement came as a result of a request to the federal government
made by Gov. Bill Ritter. No one knows precisely how many head of cattle have
been lost in the storms, but estimates range up to 15,000.

Some areas had 5 feet of snow, and with the continued icy weather it has been
impossible for many head to graze or find water. It may be two or three months
-- or longer -- until all the losses are found.

Nevertheless, costs to ag producers continue to mount, making the federal loans
a godsend. Many farmers have been unable to get into fields to sell hay or earn
other income.

This has been a tough stretch for cowboys and plowboys in the region. They
should know, though, that their fellow Coloradans support them in their time of
need.

Copyright (c) 2007, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070129-PB-0129-EDITORIAL-Help-for-ag

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2007 The Pueblo Chieftain


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Lassen County Times (Susanville, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 22, 2009

Drought designation may make ranchers, farmers eligible for low-interest loans

BYLINE: Sam Williams, News Editor

LENGTH: 414  words


Area ranchers and farmers who have suffered actual losses caused by the drought
that began on Jan. 1, 2009 may be eligible for financial assistance from the
federal government.

At the Lassen County Board of Supervisor's meeting on Tuesday, Dec. 15, County
Emergency Services Chief Chip Jackson announced the U.S. Department of
Agriculture has granted a Secretarial disaster designation for Lassen County and
the contiguous counties of Modoc, Plumas, Shasta and Sierra.

"I know it's kind of a funny time to talk about this with snow on the ground,"
Jackson said, "but I wanted to bring it to your attention that on Nov. 13 the
secretary of the Department of Agriculture did declare Lassen County a primary
disaster area for drought, and our contiguous counties. Even with the snow out
there, we've still got a long way to go."

Jackson reminded the supervisors despite snow in previous years, drought
conditions in the county remain.

"This is a very good paving of the way for the county for this future year,"
Jackson said. "We'll see what happens with the drought situation. Having the
primary designation right now opens up several programs to small, family-sized
ranches for small business loans and things like that."

Jackson said if a presidential designation comes along in the future, the county
would ask to be a part of that designation as well.

District 1 Supervisor Bob Pyle pointed out the snow pack in the Northern Sierra
currently is only about 66 percent of normal.

Pyle acknowledged the recent precipitation, but he added, "Eight inches of dry
snow doesn't do much."

"Just look at Eagle Lake," said District 4 Supervisor Brian Dahle.

"We still have a very seri-, ous situation ahead of us," Jackson said.

Jackson distributed a letter from California Emergency Management Agency Program
Manager Karma Hackney advising of the supervisors of the designation.

According to the letter, emergency farm loans for actual losses as a direct
result of the disaster, up to $1.1 million, would be available to farmers and
ranchers who conduct family-sized farming operations.

The interest rate is 3.75 percent.

Farmers and ranchers interested in applying for the low-interest loans should
contact the local Farm Service Agency at 257-7272.

The deadline to apply is Tuesday, July 13, 2010.

Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication should
contact the USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600.

More information also is available at fsa.usda.gov/pas/disaster/as
sistance1/htm.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regional Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LAS

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2009 Lassen County Times


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              June 5, 2009 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Senators urge help for distressed farms Udall and Bennet seek $810 million for
Farm Service Agency loans.

BYLINE: Miles Moffeit The Denver Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-07

LENGTH: 234 words


U.S. Sens. Mark Udall and Michael Bennet are seeking additional emergency aid
for ailing farms in Colorado, requesting that Congress replenish dwindling
government loan coffers squeezed by the credit crunch.

Citing a 200 percent surge in demand for Farm Service Agency loans, the
lawmakers are asking that $810 million be provided to refill the accounts
through an emergency appropriations bill under review by a Senate-House
conference committee.

In a letter to congressional leaders, the senators wrote: "It is very unlikely
that FSA will be able to help all farmers who meet the requirements for these
loan programs."

The request comes at a time when many Colorado farmers have been left without
credit after the April shutdown of New Frontier Bank, the state's leading
agricultural lender. And nationally, suicide hotlines are reporting a spike in
calls from farmers in emotional distress since commodity prices dropped.

"Farmers and ranchers are hurting in these tough times, and we need to do
whatever we can - and use whatever tools we have at our disposal - to help them
weather the storm," Bennet said.

The $810 million allotment supported by the senators is backed by the House. A
similar Senate proposal is for $585 million.

Weeks ago, the U.S. Department of Agriculture approved a separate request by the
Colorado delegation to boost loan funds.

Miles Moffeit: 303-954-1415

or mmoffeit@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 4, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 24 Counties in Wisconsin as Primary Natural Disaster Areas
With Assistance to Surrounding States

LENGTH: 475  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated 24 counties in Wisconsin as
primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by the combined
effects of excessive rain, excessive snow, and multiple periods of thawing and
refreezing, resulting in winterkill that occurred Jan. 1 - May 21, 2013.


The counties are:


Brown

Eau Claire

Manitowoc

Pierce
Buffalo

Fond du Lac

Marathon

Shawano
Calumet

Green Lake

Marinette

Sheboygan
Chippewa

Kewaunee

Oconto

Trempealeau
Clark

Langlade

Outagamie

Washington
Dodge

Lincoln

Ozaukee

Waupaca


"Our hearts go out to those Wisconsin farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Wisconsin
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Wisconsin also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Barron

Forest

Milwaukee

St. Croix
Columbia

Jackson

Oneida

Taylor
Dane

Jefferson

Pepin

Waukesha
Door

La Crosse

Portage

Waushara
Dunn

Marquette

Price

Winnebago
Florence

Menominee

Rusk

Wood


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Michigan and Minnesota also
qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous.
Those counties are:


Michigan
Dickinson and Menominee


Minnesota
Dakota

Goodhue

Wabasha

Washington
Winona





All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas July 3, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 11, 2012 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended

Federal disaster aid targets farmers

BYLINE: Jon Jimison, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 741 words


Jan. 11--Wilson County has received more word on federal disaster assistance,
this time from the U.S. Department of Agriculture many months after the last
natural disaster struck here.

A total of 35 counties were named in U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack's
decision to issue natural disaster designations from tornadoes and Hurricane
Irene in 2011.

Wilson was hit by an F-2 tornado in April. The remnants of Hurricane Irene moved
through in late August, bringing with it heavy rain, winds, flooding, power
outages and major crop damage.

The USDA deferred making a disaster designation until further information was
available on total damages and production losses from the tornadoes and
hurricane, officials noted.

Vilsack's made two separate designations. The first covered the tornadoes that
hit April 16.

It notes the designation is for the primary counties of Cumberland and Johnston.
It goes on to say benefits are also available for the contiguous counties of
Wilson, Nash, Bladen, Harnett, Hoke, Moore, Robeson, Sampson, Wake and Wayne.

The second designation concerns Hurricane Irene, which affected the state from
Aug. 26 through Aug. 30.

The designation is for the primary counties of Wilson, Nash, Beaufort, Bertie,
Camden, Carteret, Columbus,Craven, Currituck, Dare, Duplin, Edgecombe, Franklin,
Greene, Halifax, Hyde, Johnston, Jones, Lenoir, Martin, New Hanover,
Northampton, Onslow, Pamlico, Pasquotank, Pender, Pitt, Sampson, Tyrrell, Vance,
Wake, Warren, Washington and Wayne.

Benefits are also available for the contiguous counties of Bladen, Brunswick,
Chatham, Cumberland, Durham, Gates, Granville, Harnett, Hertford, Perquimans and
Robeson.

Producers in both primary and contiguous counties are eligible to be considered
for Farm Service Agency (FSA) emergency loans (EM) and the Supplemental Revenue
Assistance Program (SURE). Those applying must meet certain requirements.

BUSY TIME OF YEAR

Kent Politsch, chief of public affairs for the USDA Farm Service Agency, told
The Wilson Times this type of assistance is vastly different from a Federal
Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) designation, which covers largely human
safety issues and recovery.

"It is to help the producers in the county recover their losses," he said.

The designation applies to farmers, allowing them to apply for low-interest
loans to recover the losses so they can get the cash flow going again, Politsch
said.

The goal is to keep active farmers in business, Politsch said.

In addition to loans, the farmer qualifies for program payments at a later date,
he said.

Crop losses take time to accurately assess, Politsch said.

"Payment on a loss isn't known until October of the following year," he said.

Many farmers such as cotton farmers are covered and some livestock producers as
well. But tobacco isn't covered under this, he said.

Although it has been a while since disaster struck here, now is a good time for
producers to have cash on hand because they have expenses this time of year.

"They have a lot of preparations, planning and budgeting," Politsch said.

Local farmers can contact a local FSA county office or www.fsa.usda.gov.

Sen. Kay Hagan's office made a statement regarding the designations:

"I am pleased that North Carolina farmers and ranchers impacted by the tornadoes
and Hurricane Irene will finally get the assistance they deserve," said Hagan.

"Following the tornadoes in April and the hurricane in September, I saw
firsthand the community spirit and widespread determination by our citizens to
rebuild their communities. My staff has steadily monitored restoration efforts
and I will continue to fight to ensure that our communities receive sufficient
federal aid to rebuild and recover."

MAJOR LOSSES

Norman Harrell, field crop agent, told Wilson County commissioners last year
that millions of dollars were lost due to Hurricane Irene.

"I think the thing that makes it sting even more so is that we really had a
great crop in the field this year," Harrell said.

Three crops that Harrell said took the worst beatings were tobacco, corn and
cotton.

Harrell said farmers lost 35 to 55 percent of their tobacco, which is about a
$17 to $22 million loss. He said there is a 25 percent loss in corn, which
amounts to $1.5 million, and a 15 percent loss in cotton, which is about a $3
million loss.

___ (c)2012 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120111-ZW-Federal-disaster-aid-targets-farmers-0111-20120111

CORRECTION-DATE: January 13, 2012



CORRECTION: Jan. 13--Tobacco growers are eligible to seek low-interest emergency
loans.

Information provided earlier this week from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
mistakenly indicated tobacco growers were not eligible for assistance.

David McBryde, who directs the Farm Service Agency office in Wilson County, said
what's happened is on Jan. 9 U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack issued a
secretarial disaster declaration that covers the tornado in April and Hurricane
Irene in August.

The secretarial disaster declaration makes it easier for farmers to qualify for
assistance. For example, under the SURE program farmers now only have to
demonstrate a 10 percent loss in one crop of economic significance.

Under the disaster declaration issued in September by President Barack Obama,
farmers had to demonstrate a 50 percent total farm revenue loss to be eligible
to apply for the same SURE funding, according to McBryde.

Sign up for SURE assistance won't start until after October 2012. This sign up
period will be for 2011 disasters.

Right now, McBryde and his staff are helping farmers sign up for disaster
assistance related to the 2010 crop. Area farmers had many crops in 2010
affected by drought. The current sign up period ends June 1.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2012 The Wilson Daily Times


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              July 17, 2006 Monday

BYLINE: TOM RAFFERTY Bismarck Tribune Looking for relief

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 685 words


Itmight take an act of Congress for some farmers and ranchers to survive the
drought, but many of them won't be able to wait that long.

In the meantime, state and federal officials have taken some immediate steps
they hope will provide a little relief for those affected.

Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., told reporters two weeks ago that he is trying to get
a disaster package through Congress, but he didn't make any promises in how
quickly the assistance would be approved if it is at all.

Dorgan said any disaster payments wouldn't be available until October at the
earliest.

"It's going to be months, not weeks, regrettably," Dorgan said Friday.

Dorgan said getting disaster funds through Congress has been a battle because
leadership in the House is against such a move and the president has already
threatened a veto if disaster aid moves through Congress. Dorgan is still trying
to get a disaster bill approved that would help farmers who suffered losses in
2005.

One of the immediate steps that has been taken by the federal government is
opening all Conservation Reserve Program land to grazing and haying. But even
before that was approved on Thursday, ranchers had been selling off their herds
because their pastures were barren and water was scarce.

Other assistance that has been put into place will help farmers and ranchers
restructure their debt.

The Bank of North Dakota recently extended a loan program for farmers, ranchers
and businesses affected by the drought.

Applicants who show losses because of drought can get a five-year loan at a 7
percent interest rate.

Bob Humann, senior vice president of lending, said 7 percent is low considering
that banks normally charge above the prime interest rate, which is currently at
8.25 percent.

"That's a pretty aggressive interest rate because rates continue to climb,"
Humann said.

The program that was announced last year to help those who suffered losses from
flooding expired June 30 of this year. Humann said about $18 million in loans
were given out for flood damage. The state bank cannot offer the loans directly
to applicants; they have to be administered through another financial
institution.

Although the loans can be helpful, Humann said farmers need to check other
options before applying.

If USDASecretary Mike Johanns declares a disaster, an even better loan program
will be offered.

This week the USDA will be conducting damage assessment reports that will be
used to determine if a disaster can be called.

"Before our loan program is triggered, we need a county to be declared a
disaster area," Gary Nelson, director of the North Dakota office of the federal
Farm Service Agency, said.

The USDA offers loans through the Farm Service Agency with fixed interest rates
of 3.75 percent for terms of several years.

Ryan Lindbom, a farm loan specialist with the FSA, said up to $500,000 can be
borrowed from emergency loans if farmers or ranchers can show at least a 30
percent loss from the drought or significant damage from natural disasters such
as tornados, floods and hail. Lindbom said loss includes ranchers having to cull
their herds earlier than normal because of drought.

Although the USDAis in the process of assessing the drought, Nelson said
assistance through loan programs probably wouldn't come until September. Gov.
John Hoeven has put pressure on USDAdirector Johanns to complete the assessment
quickly.

Hoeven also has taken action to provide some relief to farmers and ranchers. He
has directed the Department of Transportation to open former no-mow areas and to
adjust load restrictions on highways to help farmers hauling hay. Hoeven also
has enlisted the support of the Western Governor's Association and Midwestern
Governor's Association to urge Congress to support disaster funding.

Some of the things the Agriculture Department has done include requesting the
State Water Commission activate the Drought Disaster Livestock Water Supply
Assistance Program, activating a drought emergency task force and keeping
farmers updated on what programs are available.

(Reach reporter Tom Rafferty at 223-8482 or tom.rafferty@bismarcktribune.com.)

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 9, 2012 Thursday

Agencies survey fire damage across Oklahoma

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 511  words


Federal Emergency Management Agency officials joined other federal and state
agencies Thursday in surveying and estimating the damages from grassland fires
that have swept across the state.

Although it is still too early to produce a comprehensive figure, officials
said, the cost of barbed-wire fencing by itself provides some perspective of the
scale of the loss to farmers and ranchers.

Nearly 105,000 acres have been burned in the last week, damaging hundreds of
structures, farm machinery, feed and even livestock. The Oklahoma Farm Service
Agency has announced that ag producers that incurred damages might be eligible
for assistance under the Emergency Conservation Program, even the fences that
surround more valuable property.

"Assistance is available to restoring or replace permanent fences damaged during
the devastating wildfires," FSA Executive Director Francie Tolle said in a
statement. "I encourage everyone who had fences damaged or destroyed to visit
their local FSA office and learn more about ECP before repairs are started. "

According to the state Department of Agriculture, the average size of a farm in
Oklahoma is about 400 acres. That includes a wide range, from the majority of
producers who operate about 120 acres to the few who run up to 3,000 acres.

Rod Wanger, an FSA conservation programs specialist, estimated the average cost
of replacing barbed-wire fence at $1 per foot. That might not seem like much of
an expense to someone without experience in the field until a little geometry is
applied: An ag operation with 400 acres, if laid out as a square, would measure
about 4,200 feet to a side, so the full perimeter fence could cost about
$17,000.

Of course, not all grassland is fenced, and barbed wire is available in wide
range of grades, so Wanger said his department was reluctant to provide
estimates this early in recovery.

"We will definitely see a temporary increase in sales to replace field fencing
and barbed wire," said Lou Richards at Oklahoma Steel and Wire, a major
barbed-wire wholesaler. "But that uptick in business won't show in our profits.

"We don't like to increase our business because of fires, blizzards, floods,
hurricanes or any of that," he said. "We're not profiteers. We will not take
advantage of ag producers and I'd like to say I don't think retailers will,
either. "

The company contributes to several disaster relief programs and asks that its
distributors hold their prices in check during major recoveries.

"We want to earn money the old-fashioned way," he said. "And I know those
farmers have bigger problems on their minds right now. "

The ECP provides cost-share assistance to affected producers at a rate not to
exceed 75 percent of the eligible cost of restoration measures. Producers will
need to contact the local FSA office for a review of their situation before
repairs begin.

The agency also has an Emergency Loan Program available at a 2.25-percent
interest rate. An expedited loan process has been approved to process these
loans that involve feed losses such as hay destroyed by the wildfires.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            September 7, 2015 Monday

As Congress Chases Tie-up, BJP Plans to Intensify Attack in Bangalore

LENGTH: 372 words

DATELINE: BENGALURU


BENGALURU, Sept. 7 -- With the state government devoting its full time and
energy to strike a deal with the JD(S) to come to power in BBMP, the BJP is set
to exploit the situation by intensifying its agitation against the government
from Monday.

The party's core committee, which met here on Sunday, chalked out a
comprehensive plan to attack the state government over its efforts to "negate
the people's mandate in BBMP which is in favour of the BJP".

At a joint press conference after the meeting, BJP state president and MP
Prahlad Joshi and party national vice-president B S Yeddyurappa attacked the
government for its failure to take up drought relief works, and resolve the
worsening power crisis.

Joshi said the party will make full use of the social media, SMSes, street
protests and rallies to create a public opinion against the "failures of the
state government."

Opposing the inclusion of nominated members in the Legislative Council (V S
Ugrappa and Jayamala) and nominated MLA Vinisha Nero in the voters' list for the
mayoral polls, Joshi said his party will take the issue to the court seeking to
bar them from voting.

Farm loan waiver, Emergency Session

Yeddyurappa demanded waiver of farm loans obtained from cooperative societies
and waiver of interest on farm loans taken from nationalised banks in the
backdrop of the severe drought. He accused the chief minister of being
irresponsible in addressing the plight of farmers who are committing suicide due
to crop loss and debt.

"Siddaramaiah is too busy with BBMP politics and travelling between Bengaluru
and Mysuru. He has not bothered to visit the drought-affected areas and oversee
the relief works. Even Agriculture Minister Krishna Byre Gowda has confined
himself to Bengaluru. I have not seen such a shameless and irresponsible
government. There is no government in the state ... the government is dead,"
Yeddyurappa said.

He also demanded that the government convene an emergency session of the state
legislature to discuss the issue of drought and other problems.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                           February 27, 2001 Tuesday

Consultant doesn't see new farm bill until 2002

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: MARKETPLACE, Pg. 27

LENGTH: 585 words


It will be spring 2002 before farmers see a farm bill out of Washington,
according to Jim Wiesemeyer.

Wiesemeyer, a consultant with Pro Farmer, spoke Monday at the 2001 Governmental
Affairs Leadership Conference of the Illinois Farm Bureau. The meeting continues
today at the Crowne Plaza Hotel.

"It just won't happen this year," Wiesemeyer said.

However, he said, with the number of senators and members of the Senate
Agriculture Committee up for re-election, he's pretty sure farmers will see a
farm bill next year.

Wiesemeyer said he often hears that the new farm bill will amount to $9 billion
more than the base for fiscal year 2001 and $9 billion to $12 billion for FY
2002.

"If they're successful, farmers will have to go to confession if they come back
for more emergency funding after that," Wiesemeyer said.

"The (current bill) has not been perfect, but it hasn't ever been allowed to
work. Going back and asking for $24 billion (in emergency funding) in the past
three years means the farm bill needs to be tweaked. It just hasn't been the
rousing success it could have been."

Debate on the 2002 farm bill has already begun. American Farm Bureau Federation
president Robert Stallman is expected to testify before the Senate Agriculture
Committee Wednesday.

Wiesemeyer expects next year's farm bill to keep the current bill's planting
flexibility as well as loans and market loan provisions.

New elements may include counter-cyclical payments for years when farm income
dips low, he said, adding that he expects renewable fuels such as ethanol to
play a big part, too. "Ethanol continues to be a motherhood-and-apple-pie
issue," said Wiesemeyer. "I see MTBE (a natural-gas- based fuel additive)
eventually being phased out, and that will be beneficial for ethanol. If there's
a growth industry, it's ethanol."

Ron Warfield, president of the Illinois Farm Bureau, said the group's long-term
objective is for farmers to receive income from the marketplace rather than from
the government.

"If we had an energy policy that promoted renewable fuels, we wouldn't need to
spend the baseline of the farm program," said Warfield. "The same thing with our
trade policy. If we're aggressive with a trade policy, we won't be needing farm
income from the government. But in the meantime, we need money there to prop up
income levels for farmers."

Warfield also believes farmers need to sell value-added products in the
marketplace and to have voluntary incentives in place for conservation of land.
"Give us the right incentives and producers will provide clean air, clean water
and soil conservation," said Warfield. "My challenge is to put the emphasis
where it should be - to get income from the marketplace. But so far, we've not
had the farm policies to do that."

This year, however, because of continued low commodity prices and rising
production costs, the American Farm Bureau and 22 other farm groups have asked
congressional leaders for increased emergency funding.

In a Feb. 6 letter to House Agriculture Committee chairman Larry Combest,
R-Texas, and the Senate committee chairman, Richard Lugar, R-Ind., the farm
groups asked them to urge the House and Senate budget committees to provide
additional agricultural funding "equal to at least the same level of emergency
economic loss assistance" that was provided for the 2000 crop. The requested
funding would be in addition to Congressional Budget Office projections for farm
program outlays.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Arizona Range News (Wilcox, Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 12, 2014

Drought designation will help entire state

BYLINE: Arizona Range News staff

LENGTH: 240  words


Starting this week, farmers and ranchers in 11 Arizona counties can seek
financial relief from the impact of the intense drought through the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA). Despite the recent rainfall in the state, the
threat of the drought continues to hang over Arizona's agricultural industry.

With this federal designation, farm operators and ranchers in Apache, Coconino,
Greenlee, Mohave, Navajo and Yavapai counties - and neighboring counties of
Cochise, Gila, Graham, LaPaz and Maricopa - are eligible to apply for
low-interest emergency loans from the Farm Service Agency (FSA). The other four
counties - Pima, Pinal, Santa Cruz and Yuma were eligible starting on Feb. 27,
2014.

"This announcement is great news for Arizona farmers. The extreme drought
creates a host of issues for our agricultural partners including significant
land damage and financial losses," said Jack Peterson, Interim Director for the
Arizona Department of Agriculture. "No matter what the weather forecast is, we
have a significant hill to climb to emerge from this drought."

With the disaster designation, the USDA found that agricultural production
losses in the counties were sufficient to warrant federal assistance.

Eligible farm operators in the affected areas have eight months to apply for
low-interest emergency loans from the FSA, at which time the agency will
determine whether damages and production losses are sufficient to warrant the
funding.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AZR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Arizona Range News


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                      March 29, 2002 Friday, Final Edition

Federal inspectors examine drought;
Maine officials say the state deserves FEMA funds because it lacks the
infrastructure to deal with the water crisis.

BYLINE: RYAN BLETHEN Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 476 words


Inspectors from the Federal Emergency Management Agency began visiting water
districts Thursday to gauge effects of the drought and decide if Maine should be
declared a disaster area.

The inspectors were dispatched to review plans the water districts are proposing
to deal with the drought, said Lynette Miller, spokesperson for Maine Emergency
Management Agency.

"The key is what costs (the districts) have incurred and what they are
responding with," she said.

The first water districts inspected were York and South Berwick. FEMA inspectors
also plan to visit water districts in Castine, Alfred, Buxton, Hollis, Kennebunk
and Bethel.

Inspectors in York were shown a plan that would construct a three-mile water
pipe from Belle Marsh Reservoir to Chases Pond. Belle Marsh is in York but
supplies water for Kittery. The proposal would pump untreated water to York's
water supply, Chases Pond, which has run low in the drought.

In South Berwick, FEMA inspectors were looking at wells used by the water
district.

If the disaster declaration is made, it will be the first time FEMA provides
funds for a drought-related disaster. To be eligible for drought assistance,
FEMA inspectors have to find $1.4 million in damage to public facilities.

On the surface it might seem surprising that Maine could be the first state to
be declared a drought disaster by FEMA. But when the state's reliance on wells
is taken into account, it makes sense, Miller said.

"It's happened because we are a water-rich state and have not had to build the
infrastructure to deal with intermittent droughts," she said.

The lack of infrastructure might help Maine receive the assistance it needs from
FEMA because other states have the mechanisms to help mitigate drought
conditions, said Art Cleaves, director of MEMA.

"We believe that has to weigh heavy," he said. "Our conditions have been worse
than other states' and our infrastructure is not there to accommodate it."

Water districts and well owners are not the only ones hurting. The Small
Business Administration has announced that loans will be available to assist
farm-dependent businesses hurt by the drought.

The SBA loans are for small, non-farm, agriculture-dependent businesses in Maine
and New Hampshire.

A disaster designation announced earlier this month by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture put in motion the loans, which can be as much as $1.5 million. The
loans come with a 4 percent interest rate lasting up to 30 years.

"These loans will target businesses that have faced the largest losses stemming
from the drought, but we will continue working to extend broader assistance
under the Federal Emergency Management Agency," said Sens. Olympia Snowe and
Susan Collins in a written statement.

Staff Writer Ryan Blethen can be contacted at 791-6329 or at:

rblethen@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: The Long Dry Season Maine's Drought

GRAPHIC: Staff photo
by John Patriquin
York water district superintendent David Michniewicz, left, explains his plans
to pipe new sources of water for the town to FEMA inspector Hank Gallant on
Thursday.

                 Copyright 2002 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            September 3, 2012 Monday

USDA taking steps to help farmers

BYLINE: Ann Marie Bush.

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

LENGTH: 679 words


MAYETTA - Nick Bowser surveys his soybean crop.

The plants aren't tall enough. Some of them are dead, and there aren't enough
pods on the plants.

This year doesn't look good for the Jackson County farmer and other farmers
across the Midwest.

Bowser usually gets 30 to 40 bushels of soybeans per acre. He said he expects to
farm between 10 to 15 bushels per acre this year.

But farmers, Bowser said, are optimistic. And he, just like his brother, father
and grandfather, will get through this year.

"It's been depressing seeing the rains come and go," Bowser said.

The United States Department of Agriculture has called the 2012 drought the
worst in 50 years.

The Bowser family grows corn, wheat, grass hay and soybeans. They also raise
cattle.

Bowser, 31, remembers the summer of 1988, when he had to haul water to the
cattle.

His father, Mike, recalls a time in the late 1970s when the crops didn't fare
well.

Cecil Bowser, 83, Nick Bowser's grandfather, has encountered even more difficult
times on the farm. For instance, he remembers the summer of 1936.

"Things are a lot different than back then," Cecil Bowser said. "We didn't have
electricity."

He recalled that his mother would wet a towel and place it on the floor so he
and his siblings could nap comfortably.

Nick Bowser said his grandfather has told him about how the corn in 1936 would
get waist-high and then just fall over and die.

"There has been an improvement," he said. "Instead of outright failure, we are
at least producing something."

Times were tough enough in the 1930s that Cecil Bowser's father lost the family
farm.

"But we all survived," he said.

The family - as well as farmers across the country - are hoping to survive again
this year thanks to crop insurance and steps the government is taking to help
producers.

Michael Scuse, undersecretary of farm and foreign agricultural services for the
USDA, stopped by the Bowser family farm last week. Scuse has been touring the
country to see firsthand has the drought has impacted farmers.

Last week, USDA secretary Tom Vilsack announced a two-month expansion for
emergency grazing on conservation reserve program acres, freeing up forage and
feed for ranchers as they look to recover from the drought.

"This flexibility for ranchers marks the latest action by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture to provide assistance to producers impacted by the drought, which
has included opening CRP and other conservation acres to emergency haying and
grazing, lowering the interest rate for emergency loans, and working with crop
insurance companies to provide flexibility to farmers," a USDA news release
states.

It also states in the past seven weeks, USDA has designated 1,892 unduplicated
counties in 38 states as disaster areas - 1,820 because of the drought.

To help producers, USDA is permitting farmers and ranchers in drought-stricken
states that have been approved for emergency grazing to extend grazing on CRP
land through Nov. 30 without incurring an additional CRP rental payment
reduction.

The USDA also has announced intent to purchase up to $170 million of pork, lamb,
chicken and catfish for federal nutritional assistance programs; allowed
emergency loans to be made earlier in the season; authorized up to $5 million in
grants to evaluate and demonstrate agriculture practices that help farmers and
ranchers adapt to drought; authorized $16 million in existing funds from its
Wildlife Habitat Incentive Program and Environmental Quality Incentives Program
to target states experiencing exceptional and extreme drought; and simplified
the secretarial disaster designation process and reduced the time it takes to
designate counties affected by disasters by 40 percent.

Nick Bowser said the biggest benefit he will realize this year is his crop
insurance payment. He has harvested 35 to 30 percent of his corn crop.

"It's pretty bad," he said. "I think our best field will produce about 40
bushels per acre."

Usually, he has 90 to 100 bushels per acre.

"Farmers are an optimistic lot," Nick Bowser said. "If we don't produce a crop
this year, we have next year's crop."

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



           Hart County's Newspaper News-Herald (Horse Cave, Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 8, 2010

USDA grants Secretarial Disaster Designation to 86 Kentucky counties

BYLINE: Hart Countys News-Herald staff

LENGTH: 335  words


Special to The News-Herald Gov. Steve Beshear today announced that U.S.
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has granted his request for disaster
assistance to Kentucky farm families in 86 counties, due to severe storms and
flooding that occurred in early May.

"We are pleased that Sec. Vilsack has issued this disaster designation for
Kentucky's farm families," said Gov. Beshear. "The severe storms and flooding
impacted all facets of Kentucky's agricultural industry and assistance from the
USDA will help offset resulting income losses."

After review of Loss Assessment Reports and other information submitted by
Kentucky's Farm Service Agency Executive Director John Mc-Cauley, the USDA
determined that there were sufficient production losses to warrant a Secretarial
natural disaster designation in 38 counties. Primary counties in this area
included in this disaster designation are as follows: Barren, Edmonson, Grayson.

Also as a result of this designation, 48 contiguous counties are eligible for
assistance. Those counties in this area are as follows: Hart, Green, Larue,
Hardin, Metcalfe and Monroe.

A Secretarial disaster designation provides farm families, meeting eligibility
requirements, in both primary and contiguous counties the opportunity to be
considered for disaster assistance from FSA, including emergency loans and
Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments (SURE) Program. Farmers in eligible
counties have until March 1, 2011 to apply for emergency loan assistance. SURE
Program applications for 2010 crop losses will be accepted in 2011 when the 2010
farm revenue data becomes available.

Information about USDA Disaster Assistance Programs and the Secretarial disaster
designation process are available at www.fsa.usda.gov by clicking on the
Disaster Assistance Program link in the left-hand column.

Local FSA offices can provide affected farmers with further information. To
locate the office that services your county, visit
http://offices.sc.egov.usda.gov/locator/ app?state=ky& agency=fsa.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HCN

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
               Copyright 2010 Hart County's Newspaper News-Herald


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 29, 1984, Saturday, Final Edition

FmHA Policies Speed Black Farmers' Ruin, Say Jackson, Activists

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A2

LENGTH: 516 words


Jesse L. Jackson and a group of black southern rural activists charged yesterday
that Reagan administration policies have speeded a trend that, in about 15
years, could result in no blacks owning land they farm.

Their criticism was focused on lending policies of the Agriculture Department's
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA), which, they said, has reduced dramatically
farm operating and ownership loans to blacks since 1980.

Jackson described the situation as "a travesty" and Joseph Brooks, president of
the Emergency Land Fund, said Agriculture Secretary John R. Block has failed to
put into effect reforms proposed a year ago by a USDA task force on problems and
needs of black farmers.

The USDA has been under nearly constant fire since 1982, when the U.S. Civil
Rights Commission criticized Block and urged major policy changes to help black
farmers. The commission warned that, without help, the country's 57,000 black
farmers face gradual extinction.

More recently, the department has been probed by a House Judiciary subcommittee,
following a USDA inspector general's report that civil-rights and
equal-opportunity enforcement is at a standstill.

FmHA statistics show that, in fiscal 1981, whites received 87 percent of the
agency's loans for farm ownership, operating and rural housing. By 1984, whites
were receiving 91 percent of the loans.

Larger disproportions occurred in the area of farm-purchase and operating loans.
In 1981, minorities received 10 percent of operating loans and 6 percent of
ownership money. By 1984, it was 7 percent for operating and 4 percent for
ownership.

Jackson, an unsuccessful candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination,
said the "doom" facing black farmers "must be put in a context beyond race" -- a
context he described as Reagan tax and spending policies aimed at helping
corporations and the wealthy at the expense of the poor.

In agriculture, he said, the administration's payment-in-kind (PIK) program to
reduce grain surpluses was "a program for the rich that paid workers not to
work. It was a pickpocket program for the poor."

Jackson was joined by Rep. Edolphus Towns (D-N.Y.), Brooks and officials of the
Federation of Southern Cooperatives in criticizing the administration. The
Emergency Land Fund and the federation work to help blacks retain or acquire new
farm land and develop new markets for their farm products.

Brooks said the USDA task force suggested "some chance of reversing this crisis
. . . but we've heard nothing since September 1983 on what the secretary of
agriculture intends to do . . . . We call on the secretary to come forward with
what he intends to do and not wait until after the general election."

Federation Director Ralph Paige said, "USDA is doing business as usual. We made
recommendations to the department, but nothing has been done. It is a case of
too little, too late. We're asking for action now."

Jackson added: "This is classic vintage Reagan antiblack, antipoor behavior . .
. . One remedy to offset illegal negative action is to legally enforce
affirmative action."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Jackson: "classic vintage Reagan antiblack, antipoor
behavior." By James. K.W. Atherton--The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            June 15, 2011 Wednesday

23 counties eligible for drought aid

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 96 words


LAS CRUCES - The U.S. Department of Agriculture has declared 23 New Mexico
counties, including Doca Ana County, eligible for disaster assistance due to
severe drought conditions, according to U.S. Sens. Jeff Bingaman and Tom Udall,
both D-N.M. The senators wrote a letter to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
urging him to take this action.

The USDA disaster declaration allows farm operators to apply to the Farm Service
Agency for emergency loans and supplemental revenue assistance payments. Farmers
in these counties have eight months to apply for emergency loan assistance.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 2, 2012

USDA top official visits local Monroe County farm

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 817  words


On Friday, July 24, the top administrator of the Risk Management of the U.S.
Department of Sericulture told Monroe County farmers that the agency has relaxed
regulations to help farmers through a record-breaking drought.

Villiam J. Murphy of Washing-tom,D.C. visited with local farmers at-the
Stoutsville grain farm of-Monroe County Eastern District Commissioner Mike
Whelan arid his son, Aaron, as part of a statewide inspection of drought-plagued
farms. The younger Whelan serves as an Obama Administration appointee of
Missouri Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Committee.

"The administration is looking for ways to help with relief," Murphy told
approximately 40 farmers, bankers, crop insurance agents and elected officials.
Included in that relief package are 30-day extensions on payments without
penalties and operating loans with interest as low as 2.25 percent. Murphy said
U.S. Ag Secretary Tom Vil-sack is pushing to relax restrictions on CRP land, in
addition to pushing for passage of a new farm bill that would provide additional
drought relief. Additionally, deviations from standard procedures for insurance
agencies have been pre-approved to allow agencies to expedite claims.

The good news is that USDA is not limited by budgetary concerns for payouts to
farmers and there will be a great deal of flexibility in determining losses, he
said.

Farmers who pay for crop insurance will see some financial relief from failed
crops. But will that insurance be enough? "Crop insurance will help this year,"
he said. He said crop insurance alone may not be enough this year, depending
upon the level of coverage and whether the farmer had contracted on the futures
market to provide levels of grain that they are unable to produce.

Many farmers are cutting com into silage or "abandoning" crops by not spending
more money on production. Murphy urged farmers who are doing this to contact
their crop insurance agent before making either one of those decisions.

Farmers should also begin pulling production records now if they anticipate
losses over $200,000, Murphy said, to avoid fall delays. "It's not good to have
surprises at claims time," he said.

Cornfields are producing low yields with most ears producing only a few grains
this year, and there is no good news in store. Farmers face docking of prices
from elevators even if they do produce a crop, he said, as a result of emerging
signs of aflatoxin, a mold and fungus.

With no rain in sight, farmers also are facing the likely possibility of low
soybean yields this year. "Soybeans may look nice from the road, but when you
get out and look at them, they may have only 3-8 pods on them," he said. Ninth
District Missouri State Rep. Paul Quinn said he had never been through a drought
that destroyed both corn and bean crops. The last recorded drought for Monroe
County farmers was in 1988, he said, but this year's lack of rainfall is worse.
According to the National Weather Service, Monroe County received only 4.39
inches of rain from May 1-July 19. This is 7.69 inches less than the average for
this period. The January to May 2012 rainfall was 9.77 inches less than the
average, with the damage being compounded by back-to-back record-setting
scorching temperatures.

Rainfall has been so scattered that some farms have received even less than the
reported amounts.

Dan Engemann, deputy district director for Ninth District U.S. Rep. Blaine
Luetkemeyer, said there are a few pockets of green crops throughout the state,
but "they are few and far between."

Lynn Fodge, owner of Hopewell Farms of Paris, asked Murphy if any programs were
available to help Missouri's cattle producers. Because of the drought cattlemen
are facing severe shortages of hay for feed, and water sources are going dry.
Murphy said there are two new programs available to cattle producers and
information on these and other programs can be obtained by contacting the county
FSA office.

Tony Francis, executive director of FSA in Monroe County, said emergency haying
and grazing use of Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres is in effect, due to
recent extreme temperatures. The county is one of 73 Missouri Counties released
for emergency haying and grazing. For more information, contact him at
660-327-4137 or visit www.fsa.usda.gov/mo.

Eddie Joe Hamill, state director of the FSA, said farmers in Missouri's 114
counties can apply for emergency loans, usually only available at the end of the
season, that are available now. FSA Farm Loan Manager Bob Noellsch of Bowling
Green said applicants must be denied conventional financing before being
approved for low-interest loans. FSA representatives also can assist livestock
producers with a cost-sharing program for water, Hamill said.

"When you're looking at a 30 percent chance of rain at the end of the week,
you're in dire straits," Murphy said. And even if that rain comes, it likely
will be too little, too late.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 Monroe County Appeal


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

New Loans Not Seen Helping Farmers

                             August 5, 1983, Friday

By ANDREW ALBERT

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The president-elect of the American Bankers Association challenged the position
of many agricultural groups Thursday, insisting that more lending is not a cure
for the financially depressed farm belt.

''In general, farmers do not need more credit. They need better markets at
better prices,'' C. Robert Brenton, who becomes ABA president in October, told a
House Banking subcommittee on economic stabilization.

His comments reflect a growing debate that pits farmers against the Reagan
administration and some bankers.

The administration opposes any increase in the use of federal loan programs,
claiming that more credit will simply worsen farmers' repayment problems.
Instead, government officials say, farmers should concentrate more on finding
new foreign buyers for their goods.

Most agricultural groups reject that agrument. They contend the government must
first address immediate problems in order to prevent thousands of farm closings.

Joining other agribusiness experts, Mr. Brenton addressed the issue Thursday
while testifying the House panel. The subcommittee, headed by Rep. John J.
LaFalce, D-N.Y., plans to draft legislation later this year to help ''fill
capital gaps'' that exist in a number of industries, including agriculture.

''The price of credit may be higher than most borrowers would prefer, but credit
at some price is generally available from private or public sources,'' said Mr.
Brenton, who is also president of Brenton Banks Inc., a prominent agricultural
lender based in Des Moines, Iowa. He supports administration's argument for
restricting federal credit.

Depressed Commodity Prices

Mr. Brenton acknowledged that much of the farm belt was still suffering from
depressed commodity prices. But he said lenders are trying to be as flexible as
possible in arranging repayment plans.

''Some farmers should and will fail,'' said Mr. Brenton, but ''most will survive
and prosper.''

According to Paul Sacia, who handles credit matters for the Farmers Union trade
group here, Mr. Brenton's assessment of the farm economy failed to express the
urgency of the situation.

''The reality is that thousands of farmers are on the brink of going out of
business. If the government is concerned with keeping them in business, it
should look at short-term credit problems,'' Mr. Sacia said in an interview.

The Farmers Union is highly critical of the government's credit policy, but has
praise for commerical banks in ''bending over backwards'' to keep the farm
economy alive.

Government figures show that total agricultural debt outstanding is at a record
of more than $218 billion, with U.S. commercial banks holding more than 20% of
that.

''We just don't think the government is living up to their responsiblity,'' Mr.
Sacia said, referring to a number of federal credit programs he said are not
being fully used to provide aid.

Mr. Brenton told the lawmakers yesterday that he too believed that government
lending can be useful, but only as a last resort. ''Government and
quasi-government agencies should operate only in the areas where private
industry cannot do so,'' he said.

One producer group, the American Farm Bureau Federation, differs from other
agricultural organizations in siding with the administration. Mary Kay Thatcher,
the group's credit expert, said: ''In the end, higher prices and more export
markets will be the answer to prosperity. We don't want to pour in more money to
get farmers deeper and deeper in debt.''

The debate over the role of government in the area of agricultural credit
recently intensified in Congress as farm state representatives began fighting to
require more federal lending.

The House recently approved the Economic Emergency Agricultural Act of 1983,
which directs the federal government to dole out more from its lending coffers,
especially in emergency situations.

Congress has already appropriated funds for emergency farm loans this year, the
administration has for the most part refused to offer such credit, farm
lobbyists argue.

Mr. Sacia of the Farmers Union said the government has used only about half of
the $292 million available for the Limited Resource Loan Program -- which serves
the most needy farmers.

After the House passed the farm credit bill, H.R. 1190, some Senate members
tried unsuccessfully to adopt similar legislation, S. 24, which the White House
opposes.

Farm groups will try to promote the measure when Congress returns from its Labor
Day recess in mid-September. The recess begins at the end of business Friday.

The fate of the Senate bill is questionable because many oppose an increase in
the government's farm lending.

Testifying before the banking subcommittee yesterday, Marvin Duncan, vice
president of the Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank, summarized the growing
sentiment.

''There is little, if any, evidence from the agricultural sector that
government-administered generalized credit allocation has improved the sector's
performance,'' Mr. Duncan said.

SECTION: AGRICULTURAL LENDING; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 838 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1983 American Banker, Inc.


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Sampson Independent (Clinton, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Disaster Center set up in Sampson; myriad aid offered

BYLINE: Chris Berendt, The Sampson Independent, Clinton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1231 words


Oct. 29--A Disaster Recovery Center has opened in Sampson County for residents
suffering loss and damage due to Hurricane Matthew to obtain information about
available state and federal assistance.

The DRC opened Friday and will remain open as long as the community needs it.
The center is located in the upstairs conference room at the Sampson County
Human Services building in Clinton, located at 360 County Complex Road, Suite
200, Room 274.

It will be open Monday-Saturday, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. and Sunday, noon to 5 p.m.,
until further notice.

DRCs are staffed with representatives from the Federal Emergency Management
Agency, N.C. Emergency Management and the U.S. Small Business Administration
(SBA). Staff will offer help applying for federal assistance and updates
regarding their application, as well as educate residents on what types of
assistance are available and the appeals process.

"A lot of people feel more comfortable with a face-to-face interaction," said
Debra Young, media relations specialist for FEMA. "Some come in after they apply
for assistance just to get more information on the process. We don't want anyone
to miss out on the assistance they need to get their life back on track."

FEMA grants do not have to be repaid. FEMA assistance is nontaxable and will not
affect eligibility for Social Security, Medicaid or other federal benefits.
Survivors should register even if they have insurance, Young noted.

For Matthew disaster victims who live in one of the North Carolina counties
designated for individual assistance -- Sampson is one of them -- and have
applied for help with FEMA, they may be referred to the SBA.

Low-interest disaster loans from the SBA are available for businesses of all
sizes, private non-profit organizations, homeowners and renters. Disaster loans
cover losses not fully compensated by insurance or other recoveries. Homeowners
and renters who submit an SBA application and are not approved for a loan may be
considered for certain other FEMA grants and programs that could include
assistance for disaster-related car repairs, clothing, household items and other
expenses.

Those receiving a loan application, even if they do not believe they need a
loan, should submit the application, said Karen Knapik, public affairs
specialist for the SBA's Office of Disaster Assistance.

Next to insurance, an SBA low-interest disaster loan is the primary source of
funds for real estate property repairs and for replacing contents destroyed in
the recent flooding. However, people should not wait on an insurance settlement
before submitting an SBA loan application, Knapik said.

A low-interest SBA disaster loan will help "bridge the gap," she noted. The loan
balance will be reduced by the insurance settlement for those receive one. SBA
loans may be available for losses not covered by insurance or other sources.

Knapik said $10 million has already been distributed for North Carolina, "and
that is just getting started." She said about 98 percent of that has gone to
homeowners. Those with no credit available elsewhere can get home loans at less
than 1.6 percent interest to help them repair or replace disaster-damaged real
estate and personal property, including automobiles.

"We are just trying to get the word out," said Knapik. "We will stay in
communities as long as they need us."

Through Friday afternoon, FEMA has had 59,380 people statewide register for
assistance, disbursing in excess of $52 million. Young said the traffic at the
Sampson DRC Friday was "kind of weak," but felt that as the word spread traffic
would pick up.

"The county has been great," Young said. "(Sampson assistant county manager)
Susan Holder has been great at helping get the word out."

To locate the nearest DRC nearest to you, call the FEMA Helpline at
1-800-621-3362, go online to www.fema.gov/drc or download the ReadyNC mobile
app. You may also apply online using the Electronic Loan Application via the
SBA's secure website at https://disasterloan.sba.gov/ela. The SBA Customer
Service Center can be reached at 800-659-2955 (800-877-8339 for the deaf and
hard-of-hearing), sending an email to disastercustomerservice@sba.gov or
visiting SBA's Web site at www.sba.gov/disaster.

For more information on the North Carolina recovery, visit the disaster webpage
at fema.gov/disaster/4285; or visit the North Carolina Emergency Management
website at ncdps.gov.

Children

In the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew, many residents continue to deal with
personal loss and challenging conditions. To assist in the recovery process, the
USDA is providing assistance to 32 North Carolina counties, including the
Clinton City Schools' Child Nutrition Services.

A memo provided by CCS Child Nutrition Director Jeff Swartz on Friday noted that
the benefits will include offering meals to all students of Clinton City Schools
at no charge from Oct. 17 through Nov. 11.

During this time, each student, regardless of his or her approved meal status
will be allowed one breakfast and one lunch per day at no charge, and the
student's accounts will be adjusted.

All meals will continue to meet USDA guidelines. Additional items, including
milk, may be purchased at the a la carte prices. Starting on Nov. 14, student
meals will return to regular pricing.

Parents and guardians who have not done so already may submit an application for
free or reduced meals benefits at any time throughout the school year. Only one
application is needed per household.

"Easy access to nutritious school meals will help keep students well-nourished
and ready to learn as our community continues to deal with the aftermath and
recovery from Hurricane Matthew," Swartz stated.

Agriculture

Secretary Thomas J. Vilsack of the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) signed
39 Primary Disaster Designations for North Carolina. Sampson County was one of
the areas named Friday.

"Our hearts go out to those North Carolina Farmers and ranchers affected by
recent natural disasters," Vilsack stated in a news releases from the USDA.

The USDA Farm Service Agency North Carolina State Executive Director Bob
Etheridge on Tuesday requested the Secretarial Disaster Designations for North
Carolina's most devastated counties post-Hurricane Matthew. Etheridge offered
his thanks to Vilsack for a "quick turnaround" of 48 hours following the
request.

Farmers in eligible counties are encouraged to apply for FSA Disaster Programs.
They have eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to
help cover part of their actual losses.

The USDA reviewed the Loss Assessment Reports and determined that there were
sufficient production losses to warrant secretarial natural disaster
designations for primary disasters areas. Those reports indicate at least one
crop with losses in excess of 30 percent in those counties.

Qualified farm operators in the designated areas are eligible for low interest
emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided eligibility
requirements are met.

FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into account
the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability.

Reach Managing Editor Chris Berendt at 910-249-4616. Follow the paper on twitter
@SampsonInd and like us on Facebook.

___ (c)2016 The Sampson Independent (Clinton, N.C.) Visit The Sampson
Independent (Clinton, N.C.) at www.clintonnc.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161029-1SM-Disaster-Center-set-up-in-Sampson-myriad-aid-offered-1029-20161029

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SM


                       Copyright 2016 Sampson Independent


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            January 6, 1996 Saturday

LENGTH: 972 words


JAMESTOWN Farmers somewhat in limbo ü The deadline for farmers to apply for Farm
Service Agency emergency loans is approaching, but delays in federal farm
legislation are hampering farmers who may be eligible for help. Farmers in
several counties became eligible for the loans after a presidential flood
disaster declaration last May. The deadline to apply is Jan. 16. Stutsman County
Agriculture Credit Manager Wynn Rasmussen said farmers cannot develop a plan if
they do not know what the federal farm bill will provide. ""If they don't know
what they're going to be planting, or what the program for 1996 is -- if they
can't tell us what it is -- they can't tell another commercial creditor that
they've been working with what their plan is, either,'' he said. To qualify for
the emergency loans, farmers must show they experienced a 30 percent loss in a
major crop or commodity due to the flooding. -- Associated Press

Transitional living program OK'd ü A governing board for the State Hospital has
approved a transitional living program on hospital grounds. The program will use
two vacant residential houses to allow people to learn daily living skills
before they get their own homes. ""It gives us an opportunity to say this is a
more homelike setting even though it's on a hospital campus, and this individual
is successful in these skills,'' said Supervisor Nancy Schulz. The houses need
about $5,800 worth of renovations, which should be done in February. The program
probably will get under way in March or April, Schulz said. Four males will be
in one house and four females in the other. Schulz said residents probably will
stay for up to six months. The program will cost about $300,000 a year, but
medical assistance and other federal payments should cover nearly all the cost,
Schulz said. -- Associated Pressü

FARGO Plant to hire technicians ü Operators of a new corn processing plant near
Wahpeton say they plan to hire about 70 technicians to help keep the plant
running. ProGold officials have scheduled orientation meetings in Wahpeton and
Fargo from Jan. 29 through Feb. 3, when they plan to distribute job
applications.The technicians will work 12-hour rotating shifts round the clock,
ProGold officials said. ""These people will be the backbone of our plant
workforce,'' said Richard Geurts, operations director for ProGold, ""and as
such, they will have a lot of responsibility to keep the plant running
efficiently while maintaining product quality.'' The co-op of corn growers that
was created to invest in the plant has scheduled its first annual meeting next
Thursday in Fargo. The Golden Growers co-op plans to elect one director from
each of five districts. The co-op has about 2,000 members in North Dakota,
Minnesota and South Dakota. Golden Growers is a partner in the ProGold plant,
along with American Crystal Sugar in Moorhead and the Minn-Dak Farmers
Cooperative of Wahpeton. -- Associated Press

Dead moose creates concern ü A 500-pound moose carcass hanging from a tree in
man's yard led to at least one call to local health officials. But sanitarian
Terry Ludlum said the frozen carcass doesn't pose any health problems. The moose
belongs to Rick Wagner, who bagged it Dec. 18 and hung it in the tree until he
can butcher it. Wagner said he plans to butcher the moose this weekend. --
Associated Pressü

BISMARCK Lamb cooperative considered ü Sheep ranchers in eastern North Dakota
are taking the first steps toward the formation of a lamb cooperative. Members
of the Valley Wool Growers Association will discuss the idea at their annual
meeting Jan. 15 in Page. The association already has a head start, since members
of its wool pool own about 10,000 stock ewes, said board member Dennis
Kubischta. Steele County commissioners and local economic development officials
have expressed interest in building a packing plant, he said. ""We have a county
that would like a plant, and they have a government agency in place that's
willing to look for funds to start it,'' he said. ""It's maybe one-half of 1
percent at the beginning, but it's a start.'' -- Associated Pressü

DEVILS LAKE County disputes audit report ü Ramsey County commissioners are
disputing an audit report that says the county owes about $297,000 to the
federal Environmental Protection Agency for overpayment on a rural water
project. The audit questions engineering costs. But commissioners said the
contractor did the best job possible under the circumstances, which included bad
weather and high groundwater. The state Health Department has backed the
county's analysis, saying it disagrees with the EPA findings. -- Associated
Press

Evaluation ordered for teen ü A psychiatric evaluation has been ordered for a
15-year-old who authorities say shot and killed a convenience store clerk.
Northeast District Judge Donovan Foughty said Friday he approved a request for
the evaluation, which was filed by the lawyer for Marlon Comes. The teen-ager is
charged with murder and robbery in the Dec. 14 shotgun slaying of Donald Jerome,
31, during an early morning robbery at a Devils Lake convenience store. Comes
and two other juveniles, 17-year-old Adrian Alex and 16-year-old Wayne
Greywater, were transferred to adult court earlier this week. All three are from
Fort Totten. Alex and Greywater also face murder and robbery charges.
Authorities say Comes was the triggerman. A fourth juvenile, who has not been
identified, was found guilty earlier in juvenile court of being an accomplice.
Authorities said he drove the getaway car. Scott Thompson, Comes'
court-appointed lawyer, said Friday that he requested the evaluation to
determine whether his client suffers from mental illness. The evaluation, which
will take place at the State Hospital in Jamestown, is expected to be completed
within 60 days, Thompson said. -- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1996 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            January 29, 2006 Sunday

Ag News Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b4

LENGTH: 583 words

DATELINE: EPWORTH, Iowa


Loan applications available in Epworth

Farm operators who have suffered major forage or crop production losses and/or
physical losses caused by drought from Jan. 1, 2005 and continuing, might be
eligible for emergency loans.

Applications for assistance should be completed at the Dubuque County Farm
Service Agency office, located at 210 Bierman Road in Epworth.

Applicants must provide an itemized list of all the claimed expenses incurred
and must be able to obtain credit from other usual sources to qualify for the
FSA Farm Loan Program assistance.

The interest rate on the emergency loans is 3.75 percent.

July 14 is the deadline.

Forage expo planned at college in Fennimore

FENNIMORE, Wis. - Southwest Wisconsin Technical College and the U.S. Department
of Agriculture Risk Management Agency will host the 2006 Forage Management Expo
from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Feb. 6 at the college in Fennimore.

Registration is $25, which includes lunch.

For more information, call 608/822-3262, extension 2741.

Applications sought for Farm Family Award

NEW VIENNA, Iowa - The Dubuque County Dairy Association is asking for
nominations from dairy families for the Outstanding Dairy Farm Family Award,
which will be given at the 2006 Dubuque County Dairy Promotion Association
Banquet.

The 2006 banquet will be held on April 21 at the Dubuque County Fairgrounds.

To nominate deserving families, contact Julie Riniker by Feb. 17 at 563/853-3945
or at 20236 Clear Creek Road in New Vienna.

Meeting scheduled on dairy management

MOUNT CARROLL, Ill. - The University of Illinois Extension will hold a "Managing
the Dairy - Calves, Cows and Crops" meeting on Thursday at the Carroll County
Farm Bureau Building.

The program is free, but registration is required. Call 815/244-9444 to
register.

Dairy Days event slated in Rickardsville

RICKARDSVILLE, Iowa -The 2006 Northeast Iowa Dairy Days are set for Tuesday,
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Feb. 7 and 8.

A number of dairy and field specialists will be on location each day to educate
participants on a variety of dairy-related topics.

The closest dairy days location in the tri-states will be held from 9:55 a.m. to
3 p.m. Feb. 7 at the Avalon Supper Club in Rickardsville.

A $10 fee covers breaks, lunch and associated costs. Several veterinarians and
agri-businesses are cooperating by providing vouchers to their customers, check
with local suppliers for availability.

For more information, contact the Dubuque County Extension office at
563/583-6496.

Sessions offered on pesticide certification

DARLINGTON, Wis. - The University of Wisconsin Extension offices will offer
pesticide certification sessions.

All farmers and their employees who load, mix, handle or apply "restricted-use"
pesticides must complete a pesticide applicator training course and pass a
written exam every five years.

One-day training sessions will be held from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Thursday at the
Lafayette County Board Room, Feb. 7 at the Belmont Community Room and Feb. 13 at
the South Wayne Firehouse.

Test-only sessions will be held from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. Feb. 8 at the Lafayette
County Board Room and on Feb. 21 at the Belmont Community Center.

There is a $30 fee per private applicator.

Participants are asked to preregister one week in advance by paying the fees and
receiving educational materials at the Lafayette County University of Wisconsin
Extension Office in Darlington.

For more information, call 608/776-4820.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2006 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             June 28, 2011 Tuesday

Farm operators possibly eligible for emergency loans

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 84 words


Farm operators who have suffered severe physical losses caused by hail, high
winds or a tornado might be eligible for an emergency loan.

Loans may enable farmers to repair or replace damaged or destroyed property
essential to the farming operation, including buildings, real estate fixtures,
equipment, livestock and crops.

Applications for assistance can be completed at the Delaware County Farm Service
Agency, 200 S. 12th St. in Manchester. The final date for making applications is
Tuesday, Feb. 7, 2012.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The News & Advance (Lynchburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 13, 2008 Saturday

Thirteen Virginia counties designated natural disaster areas

BYLINE: The News & Advance, Lynchburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 328 words


Dec. 13--Thirteen Virginia counties, including Albemarle, Buckingham and
Lunenburg, were designated Friday as primary natural disaster areas because of
drought, Gov. Timothy M. Kaine an-nounced.

The disaster designations make farmers eligible for low-interest loans and any
supplemental relief that might be pro-vided by Congress in the future, Kaine's
office said.

Ten other counties designated on the list were Caroline, Fluvanna, Franklin,
Goochland, Greene, Hanover, Henry, Isle of Wight, Powhatan and Rockbridge.

In October, farmers in Am-herst, Bedford, Campbell and Nelson counties became
eligible for federal assistance after being designated primary natural disaster
areas.

The cities of Lynchburg and Bedford received contiguous disaster status because
of their proximity.

Charlotte County is among a dozen other counties for which Kaine requested
disaster designa-tion. The federal government still is considering that request,
Kaine said, adding that he expected "the federal government will soon respond to
these additional requests."

The designations result from U.S. Department of Agriculture findings concerning
crop loss.

Disaster declarations make farm operators in both primary and contiguous
counties and cities eligible to be considered for low-interest emergency loans
from the Farm Service Agency of the USDA, provided they meet eligibility
requirements.

This assistance includes FSA emergency loans and the Sup-plemental Revenue
Assistance Program (SURE) that was approved as part of the Food, Con-servation
and Energy Act of 2008.

To see more of The News & Advance, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsadvance.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The News & Advance, Lynchburg,
Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20081213-LY-Thirteen-Virginia-counties-designated-natural-disaster-areas-1213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LY


                       Copyright 2008 The News & Advance


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             August 30, 2013 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

BIZ BITS;
RAIN PROMPTS AID FOR LOCAL FARMERS

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 426 words


Aiken, Burke, Columbia, Richmond and Screven counties are on a list of primary
natural disaster areas, according to a letter from U.S. Department of
Agriculture Secretary Thomas Vilsack.

The designation comes after the summer's heavy rainfall, which harmed crops and
soil conditions for future harvests. It allows farm operators in designated
counties to receive federal assistance, including low-interest emergency loans,
if they meet other eligibility requirements.

Vilsack's designation will allow farmers in both primary and contiguous counties
to apply for federal Farms Service Agency emergency loans. Farmers have eight
months to apply.

Chamber honors textile company

A Graniteville textile company was recognized by the state's chamber of commerce
Thursday as one of its top manufacturers.

The South Carolina Chamber of Commerce named Graniteville Specialty Fabrics as
its 2013 Manufacturer of the Year in the small company division.

The company makes awnings, tents and custom-coated marine fabrics. It has been
in the area since 1947.

"Our associates have worked diligently to effect a successful business
turn-around in a difficult economy by achieving significant improvements," said
company president Jim Egan.

The other two award-winners were treated lumber maker Cox Industries in
Orangeburg in the medium-sized company division and tire maker Michelin North
America in Greenville for the large-sized company division.

The chamber's award program recognizes companies that strive for manufacturing
excellence, have a positive economic impact and are outstanding community
stewards.

Nasdaq takes some blame for outage

NEW YORK -- Nasdaq OMX Group says a three-hour trading halt last week was partly
the result of issues within the company's control.

In a statement released Thursday, the company detailed some of its early
findings from an internal review. Nasdaq blamed "a confluence of unprecedented
events" that overwhelmed the exchange's system for handling price information.
It said high-speed trading played no role in the incident.

The outage cracked the midday calm of a quiet summer day on Wall Street, sending
brokers and traders scrambling to figure out what went wrong.

In other news

VODAFONE, ONE OF the world's largest mobile phone companies, has confirmed it is
in discussions with Verizon Communications to sell its operations in the United
States.

The British wireless provider is mulling its options for its 45 percent stake in
the U.S.'s Verizon Wireless, of which Verizon Communications owns the other 55
percent.

- From staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 30, 2009 Monday
                                  All Editions

Counties to receive agricultural disaster funds

SECTION: Pg. B5

LENGTH: 282 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved a request to declare an
agricultural disaster in Oxford County, according to a press release from U.S.
Sens. Olympia J. Snowe and Susan Collins.

Maine Gov. John Baldacci requested the disaster designation to help farmers
recover from losses caused by excessive rain, flooding and a tornado that
occurred on Aug. 21.

The disaster designation makes farm operators in Oxford County, as well as the
contiguous counties of Androscoggin, Cumberland, Franklin and York as well as
Carroll and Coos counties in New Hampshire, eligible to be considered for Farm
Service Agency emergency loans and the Supplemental Revenue Assistance program.
Emergency loans are available to producers in these counties immediately. The
Farm Service Agency is in the process of developing software for the
Supplemental Revenue Assistance program that will be available soon.

The National Weather Service confirmed that a tornado touched down in Oxford
County during a severe thunderstorm on Aug. 21. Thousands of trees were uprooted
and numerous buildings were damaged or destroyed by high winds.

"This disaster declaration means necessary assistance will immediately be made
available to farmers and others in Maine's agricultural industry who suffered
losses during a terrible storm in August," Snowe and Collins said in the
release. "This funding can be used to help cover production and physical losses.
For more information on how to seek this assistance, farmers should contact
their local Farm Service Agency."

The Oxford County FSA can be reached at 743-5789, ext. 2; Cumberland-York County
FSA can be reached at 883-0159, ext. 2; and the Androscoggin FSA at 753-9400.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Lakelander (Whitney, Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 6, 2011

213 counties, including Hill and Bosque declared disaster areas;
Farmers, ranchers can now get USDA assistance

BYLINE: The Lakelander staff

LENGTH: 397  words


WASHINGTON - The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated 213 counties in
Texas as primary natural disaster areas after one of the worst droughts in more
than a century. The state has sustained excessive heat, high winds and wildfires
that have burned hundreds of thousands of acres.

Bosque County was recognized as a primary natural disaster area, and Hill County
farmers and ranchers are also eligible for assistance because of their proximity
to the disaster area. With 213 counties declared primary disaster areas and the
remaining 41 qualifying for assistance because they are contiguous, the entire
state has been declared a disaster.

"Many producers have lost their crops due to the devastation caused by the
drought and wildfires," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack."President Obama
and I want these farmers and ranchers to know that we will support them through
the recovery process and help them once again become productive suppliers of
food, fibre and fuel that keep America prospering. This designation will help
provide that support." The drought, wildfires and other natural disasters--which
began Jan. 1, 2011, and continue--caused 30 percent or more loss of forage
crops, pasture, corn, oats and wheat in the 213 counties.

All qualified farm operators in the designated areas are eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met.

Farmers have eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to
help cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application
on its own merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available
and repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity.

USDA also has made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue As-sistance Program which was approved as
part of the Pood, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008; the Emergency
Conservation Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the Non-insured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program.

Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centres for further
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and
other programs. Additional information is also available online at
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LKL

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2011 The Lakelander


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Farmers eligible for drought aid

BYLINE: Reed Fujii, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 312 words


Feb. 10--Declaring 55 of California's 58 counties drought disaster areas,
federal farm officials have effectively opened relief programs to farmers and
ranchers throughout the state, as well as adjoining areas of Oregon, Nevada and
Arizona.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture declaration last week makes qualified
producers eligible for low interest emergency loans from the U.S. Farm Service
Agency. Producers have eight months to apply for such loans to help cover part
of their losses.

There are other programs from the FSA as well, including the Livestock Forage
Disaster Program, which helps offset the higher cost of feed when drought
deprives ranchers of their usual supply of natural forage.

Justin Oldfield, government relations vice president of the California
Cattlemen's Association, said all those programs can help ranchers affected by
the drought.

The biggest concern currently, however, is how much rain will the state receive
this year, he said.

California's cattle industry has seen its livestock count drop by an estimated
20 to 25 percent over the past few years because of the drought's impact on
pasture and forage.

"Is this the year we come out of drought and add more cows back to the cow
herd?" Oldfield asked.

With a wet December followed by a record dry January, the remaining weeks of the
rainy season will be key to answering that question, he said.

For information on emergency loans and other USDA programs, farmers may contact
their local USDA Service Center at 3422 W. Hammer Lane, Suite A, Stockton, or
telephone the office at (209) 472-7127. Help is also available online at
disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

-- Contact reporter Reed Fujii at (209) 546-8253 or rfujii@recordnet.com Follow
him on Twitter @ReedBiznews.

___ (c)2015 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150210-SK-Farmers-eligible-for-drought-aid-0210-20150210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2015 The Record


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            August 1, 2007 Wednesday

Minn. governor to ask for ag disaster declaration

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1b

LENGTH: 154 words


LITTLE FALLS, Minn. (AP) - After viewing crop damage at a central Minnesota farm
, Gov. Tim Pawlenty said on Tuesday that he's moving ahead with plans for a
possible disaster request for drought-stricken areas of the state.

Pawlenty said he'll ask for an agricultural disaster declaration for any county
that meets the U.S. Department of Agriculture threshold of more than a 30
percent crop loss.

The USDA State Emergency board meets on Thursday to make a recommendation to the
governor, after it reviews damage reports.

Pawlenty also said the Minnesota Department of Agriculture will offer two loan
programs to provide low-cost emergency and restructuring loans to farmers
affected by the drought. Pawlenty toured a farm near Little Falls Tuesday
morning to view the impact of the drought on crops and livestock. Except for
west-central and northwestern Minnesota, the state has drought conditions
ranging from moderate to severe.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Warrnambool Standard

                             June 27, 2013 Thursday

THE federal government's Farm Finance Package emergency

SECTION: ON THE LAND; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 533 words


THE federal government's Farm Finance Package emergency assistance loans remain
bogged down in detail over who will pay for distribution costs.

It's now seven weeks since the federal Department of Agriculture, Forestry and
Fisheries (DAFF) announced the low-interest loans, but farmers are still waiting
for anything to happen as the two levels of government wrangle over who will pay
what.

The $420 million scheme will provide short-term loans of up to $650,000 at well
below commercial interest rates.

A spokesman for federal Agriculture Minister Joe Ludwig told On The Land on
Tuesday his department had met with all state and territory governments last
week to resolve the impasse.

"We stepped up in April and committed to the loans and we asked the states to go
halfway and pay for administration," the spokesman said.

"We have now agreed to meet administration costs provided that the states supply
a reasonable estimate."

Victorian Agriculture Minister Peter Walsh said his department had provided a
cost estimate to Canberra.

"The Department of Environment and Primary Industries and Rural Finance
Corporation met with DAFF officials recently to work through administration
costs and the detail of an agreement to implement the Farm Finance Package in
Victoria," Mr Walsh said.

"Victoria has advised the Commonwealth that we stand ready to implement the Farm
Finance Package. We have provided full costings to the Commonwealth and are
waiting for the Commonwealth to respond.

"We have not received any commitment from the Commonwealth that it will meet
administration costs.

"This is a Commonwealth program that will be administered in Victoria through
Rural Finance and as such, administration costs should be met by the
Commonwealth Government."

Victorian Nationals Senator Bridget McKenzie raised the issue of the delay
during a heated Senate debate last week.

Senator McKenzie also demanded that Mr Ludwig explain why the government was
profiteering from the assistance package.

Senator McKenzie was angered by a recent admission from Treasury officials
gained during Senate estimates hearings that the government's average cost to
borrow the loan funds was 3 per cent.

But farmers would be charged 4.5 per cent interest on the borrowings with the
1.5 per cent difference going into the government's consolidated revenue.

"Why is this government seeking to make money from the plight of farmers in this
country, many of whom are struggling precisely because of this government's
inept decisions?"

Mr Ludwig said the 4.5 per cent concessional rate provided a "generous discount"
against commercial rates, while managing default risk which represented
"responsible use of public money".

NSW Labor Senator Ursula Stephens said she was "perplexed" by Senator McKenzie's
approach, accusing her and other Nationals of being, "very quiet on convincing
the states to provide this assistance to farmers".

"It is pretty unfair that Senator McKenzie has come into this place, supported
by her National colleagues, to play mischief with the fact that the delay in all
of this is with the state and territory governments," she said.

"They are the ones who are playing hardball on signing up to this assistance
package."

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 September 26, 1993, SUNDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

FLOOD OF MONEY; FEDERAL AID IS SOMETIMES UNCOORDINATED AND ARBITRARY

BYLINE: William H. Freivogel Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: WAR PAGE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 7080 words


UNCLE SAM HAS a thick bankroll for rebuilding levees, but loose change for
turning flooded farms into wetlands.

He has four different agencies to fund housing, but limited funds for moving
homes from the flood plain.

He has three accounts and billions of dollars to compensate farmers for lost
crops, but he does little to prevent those farmers from getting flooded again in
two or five or 10 years.

In short, the $ 5.7 billion-plus federal flood relief effort is a patchwork of
sometimes uncoordinated programs that puts greater emphasis on helping the
victims than making sure they won't become victims again.

That is what the Post-Dispatch found in a line-by-line analysis of how the money
appropriated by Congress last month is trickling down from Washington to the
flood victims.

By distributing money in the usual way - government agency-by-government agency
- key responsibilities are divided among two, three or even four federal
agencies, creating a crazy-quilt of regulations and bureaucracies.

In some cases there are excess funds in one government account and a shortage in
another. For example, while there is more money than needed in some Farmers Home
Administration programs, there is less than needed for buying out flooded
communities.

A particularly vexing problem is a law that skews the federal effort away from
"hazard mitigation" - a fancy term for preventing future flood damage.

The law says that the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) may not fund
hazard mitigation efforts that cost more than 10 percent of what it spends in
"public assistance grants" to rebuild communities after the flood.

That amount is unrealistically low, say federal officials and members of
congress.

Members of the Missouri congressional delegation hope to lift that cap this
fall. A bill introduced in the House by Rep. Harold L. Volkmer, D-Hannibal, and
a similar Senate bill introduced by Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, would raise the cap
to 15 percent and permit FEMA to waive it for the flood.

Here is a breakdown of where the federal money has gone: Crop Payments

Ten days ago, Andy Simon stood at the counter of the Agricultural Stabilization
and Conservation Service in St. Charles County. The mud caked on the boots of
this 31-year-old farmer from Portage des Sioux told part of the story of the
government's complex, expensive, duplicative crop program.

That morning, Simon had walked into his wet fields to take one last look at his
corn to see if he should harvest it or plow it under. By destroying the crop, he
would become eligible for a government price support check.

A clerk behind the counter used a hand computer to figure Simon's payment.
"Sometimes I don't understand how this program works myself," she muttered as
she pounded the keys.

When the math was done, Simon decided to destroy two-thirds of his corn and
harvest the best third.

In addition to this price support payment, Simon and other farmers will qualify
for a crop disaster payment. Nearly two out of every five dollars in the federal
flood relief bill were earmarked for this purpose.

Some farmers qualify for a third check to recover crop losses - a crop-insurance
payment for those with the foresight to buy one of the federally backed
insurance policies.

Simon didn't have one. Like 99 percent of the farmers in the flood plain in St.
Charles County, he thinks crop insurance is an expensive luxury.

Next year he'll have to buy crop insurance if he wants to collect his disaster
payment this year. But, after that, he can drop the insurance.

For Simon, government payments only recoup the costs of planting and allow him
to limp into next year when he can hope for a better crop on the two small farms
that he runs while working part-time at an agricultural co-op.

Although the crop payments are not a get-rich-quick scheme for farmers,
Agriculture officials concede that there are ways in which farmers unaffected by
the flood can take advantage of this year's flood relief bill

For example: A farmer can collect a price support payment even though he or she
never planted a crop. Farmers need only say they planned to plant.

Jean Robuck, executive director of Agricultural Stabilization in St.  Charles
County, acknowledges that this rule could be abused but says she doesn't think
false claims are widespread.  Soil Repair

At the same time the federal government is paying farmers for damaged crops, it
also is rebuilding the levees that protect their farms and it is paying to
repair the frequently flooded farmland.

From the point of view of farmers who have spent their lives on the bottom
lands, this makes sense. They want to keep farming their land.

From the perspective of environmentalists and some government managers, it
doesn't. The government is spending millions to keep farmers on land that will
inevitably flood again and trigger a new cycle of government payments.

A farmer can apply for a soil repair grant at the same Agricultural
Stabilization office where he or she applies for crop disaster payments.

At first, many area farmers feared they would not qualify for the $ 30 million
that Congress set aside for this "emergency conservation program." That's
because the Agriculture Department had a rule disqualifying farms involved in
three or more disasters within the last 25 years - a rule that appeared to apply
to area farms because many have flooded three times in two decades.

Under pressure from Volkmer, however, the Agriculture Department tossed out the
"3 in 25" rule. This was particularly important for St. Charles County farmers
on the Missouri River where the flood covered some farm land with several feet
of sand.  Levees

Across the still swollen Missouri River from the Agriculture office in St.
Charles is the FEMA disaster headquarters.

Ironically, FEMA is situated in an office building in Earth City, the industrial
park that was built two decades ago over the objections of environmentalists
upset about flood plain development.

In one corner of the FEMA office is a six-agency task force in charge of
deciding which levees should be rebuilt. The task force is supposed to provide
owners of damaged levees with alternatives.

The Army Corps of Engineers tells the owner if the levee qualifies for repair
and puts a price tag on the project. The Soil Conservation Service and U.S. Fish
and Wildlife Service provide other options, such as converting the fields to
wetlands.

The Corps of Engineers is the 1,000-pound gorilla of this task force for two
reasons. It has the most money, and nearly all the owners of damaged levees want
them rebuilt.

So far, the federal wetland reserve program has fizzled.

The Agriculture Department announced earlier this month that it expected to
commit as much as $ 92 million toward turning flooded farmland over to wetland
reserve.

But after long, involved discussions in Washington over what rules to follow, a
slimmed down, $ 15 million program is expected to emerge from the bureaucracy
next week, federal officials say.

Mike Wells, the Agriculture Department's assistant state conservationist in
Missouri, says that is too little money.

"Fifteen million will not be a whole lot of value for us," he said. "It's hardly
worth advertising to the farmers."

Partly because of the uncertainty over the program, local Agriculture officials
in Missouri and Illinois haven't received wetland reserve applications.

Even if farmers apply after the rules are known, they might not qualify, says
Renee Phillips, district conservationist in St. Charles County. Land covered
with several feet of sand does not make a good wetland because it supports
little growth, she said.

The bottom line is that despite the hoopla about wetland reserves, most of the
levees are being rebuilt.

As long as a levee meets Corps of Engineers criteria, there is enough money to
rebuild it, says Bob Florence, the recovery coordinator for the corps. In
addition to the $ 175 million to $ 235 million that Congress appropriated for
the corps in the flood relief bill, the agency has a regular account for
emergency reconstruction.

The corps has already decided to rebuild the main levees along the Missouri
River in St. Charles County.

Some environmentalists suggest that the corps is moving too fast. Timothy D.
Searchinger, a lawyer and wetlands expert for the Environmental Defense Fund in
New York, says it makes little sense to quickly rebuild levees around
communities that may relocate, such as Valmeyer, Ill. Corps officials have
noted, however, that other farm communities are protected by the levee that
protects Valmeyer.  Housing

Money for housing is divided among eight programs administered by four agencies.

The biggest housing problem is finding money for relocating homes from the flood
plain. Four accounts in two different agencies are available, but each has major
problems. For example:

FEMA has a fund to relocate houses covered by flood insurance, but many flood
victims didn't have flood insurance, and the account is underfunded.

FEMA has a "hazard mitigation" program, but it is starved by the 10 percent cap.

The Department of Housing and Urban Development has $ 200 million in community
development block grants and $ 50 million for a separate housing program. But
the community development block grants have been tied up until recently by a
legal snafu.

The flood relief law says the grants are for "repair, replacement, or
restoration" of facilities damaged by the flood. Cautious HUD lawyers suggested
that this might not permit the money to be used for buyouts.

House Majority Leader Richard A. Gephardt, D-St. Louis County, and other members
of Congress finally prevailed upon the administration to discard this
interpretation.

These community development grants are particularly valuable to local
governments. Through a convenient legal fiction, the federal money becomes local
money when it enters local treasuries and can be used as local matching funds.

While communities scrounge to find the money for relocation, the flood relief
bill has provided the Farmers Home Administration with more funds than it needs
for home and business loans in rural areas, officials acknowledge.

That's because it is easier and quicker for rural residents to obtain long-term,
low-rate loans from the Small Business Administration.

WHERE THE MONEY GOES

This is how the $ 5.7 billion in federal flood relief is being spent. The
amounts do not add up to $ 5.7 billion because some money is not yet committed
or accounted for. Contingency funds can only be used after a presidential
action.  FARMERS - 52.9% Purpose: Crop payments.  Agency: Commodity Credit Corp.
- administered by Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service (ASCS)
Money: $ 1.05 billion now, $ 900 million next year, $ 300 million contingent.
Two in five federal disaster relief dollars go to farmers to pay for crop
losses. A farmer applies for disaster relief at the county ASCS office and the
check comes from the Commodity Credit Corp., a government-owned corporation.
Farmers who participate in the government's price-support system receive larger
disaster payments than those who don't.

A farmer who suffers a total loss on a 100-acre cornfield with a 100 bushel/acre
yield can end up receiving one, two or three payments, depending on whether the
farmer has crop insurance and participates in the price support program.**

Farmer    Farmer       Farmer     Farmer

Jones     Smith        Brown      John Crop Insurance        NO         NO
         YES        YES Price supports        NO        YES           NO
YES Disaster            $ 6,708    $ 9,652       $ 7,194      $ 10,456 Price
support money            $ 2,592                    $ 2,700 Crop insurance money

                   Max. $ 9,933 Max. $ 14, 294

TOTAL           $ 6,708    $ 12,244 Max.$ 17,127 Max. $ 27,450 **Many St.
Charles County farmers who were flooded are in the price support system, but
only about 1 percent have crop insurance.  Purpose: Farmland repair.  Money: $
30 million Agency: Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service (ASCS)
Farmers can apply at their local Agriculture office for Eemrgency Conservation
grants to repair damaged farms by removing debris and sand from soil, repairing
the land and rebuilding damaged farm buildings. Until recently, federal rules
barred the use of this money to repair land that had been in three catastrophes
over 25 years. Under pressure from Congress, the Agriculture Department waived
that rule which would have prevented many area farmers from collecting because
they have suffered floods in 1973, 1986 and this year.  Purpose: Loans for
production losses Agency: Farmer's Home Administration Money: $ 20.5 million
(subsidizing $ 80 million in emergency disaster loans) Farmers may apply for
these subsidized loans to refinance debt, clean up their farms and repair farm
buildings. So far, there have been few applications because farmers are more
interested in grants than greater debt.  Purpose: Loans for land development
Agency: Farmers Home Administration FmHA Money: $ 1.285 million for $ 7 million
in loans Loans to farmers for land and water development such as digging wells,
building dikes, improving water supplies and erosion control.  LEVEES - 6.8%
Purpose: Repair agricultural levees Agency: Soil Conservation Service Money:  $
35 million now, $ 25 million contingent About $ 7 million of the $ 35 million
has gone to Missouri, and $ 2 million to Illinois. The money pays for clearing
logjams and streams and rebuilding agricultural levees on tributaries of the
Missouri and Mississippi rivers.  Illinois reports about 100 breaks on
agricultural levees on tributaries while Missouri reports about 400. These
levees each protect from 2 to 15 farms.  Some money from this account may be
used to buy out agricultural land to turn it over to the national watershed
reserve program.  Purpose: Repair major levees Agency: Army Corps of Engineers
Money:  $ 175 million now, $ 60 million contingent $ 55 million will repair the
Corps' own locks and dams and federal levees under corps control. The remaining
$ 120 million will repair federally constructed levees maintained by levee
districts along the major rivers. The Corps' St.  Louis District, which oversees
the Mississippi River basin, expects $ 40-45 million. The Kansas City District,
which oversees the Missouri River basin, expects the same. The Corps also can
dip into a permanent account for levee repair that is funded from its regular
congressional appropriation. There is enough money to repair any levee that
qualifies for assistance.  EDUCATION AND JOBS - 3.7% Purpose: Unemployment
compensation Agency: Federal Emergency Management Money: $ 8.5 million Purpose:
Temporary education expenses Agency: Department of Education Money: $ 70 million
contingent To pay for transporting students to other schools while flood-damaged
schools are repaired.  Purpose: College loans Agency: Department of Education
Money: $ 30 million Financial assistance to college students whose families
suffered a loss of income because of the flood.  Purpose: Temporary employment
Agency: Department of Labor - Employment and Training Administration Money: $
43.5 million now; $ 11.1 million contingent Help for workers dislocated by the
flood. The program can put a dislocated worker in temporary employment for up to
6 months or $ 6,000 in earnings.  The money is allocated by local private
industry councils.  FLOOD RESPONSE - 1.1% Purpose: Administer federal response
Agency: Federal Emergency Management Agency Money: More than $ 30 million
Purpose: Coast Guard response Agency: Coast Guard Money: $ 10 million Operating
expenses of Coast Guard operations, such as overtime, fuel, bottled water and
temporary housing of Coast Guard facilities. At least $ 2 million is being spent
within 100 miles of St. Louis.  Purpose: Repair weather equipment Agency:
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Money: $ 1 million Repair and
replace weather forecasting facilities; and pay for NOAA workers for overtime.
Purpose: Repair river gauges Agency: U.S. Geological Service Money: $ 1.439
million To repair broken electronic gauges for measuring river levels and pay
overtime for those who operated gauges during the flood.  Purpose: Cleanup
volunteers Agency: Commission on National & Community Service Money: $ 2 million
now and $ 2 million contingent To pay for efforts of the Youth Corps and other
volunteer organizations which worked to clean up after the flood.  LEGAL
SERVICES - 0.01% Purpose: Legal assistance to victims Agency: Legal Services
Corp.  Money: $ 300,000 Pays for the increased workload of legal services
lawyers resulting from the flood. The legal services office in St. Louis has
been inundated with legal problems faced by flood victims.  PUBLIC WORKS - 21.0%
Purpose: Roads, sewers, etc. for industrial parks Agency: Economic Development
Agency Money: $ 100 million now; $ 100 million in contingency funds Grants to
state and local governments for replacement of public buildings and construction
of roads, water and sewer facilities to industrial parks. The money can also be
used for industrial buildings for companies that want to move out of the flood
plain.  Purpose: Water assistance in rural areas Agency: Rural Development
Insurance Fund Money: $ 20 million now, $ 30 million contingent Emergency water
assistance to local governments to fix water lines and water treatment
facilities.  Purpose: Assistance to public entities Agency: FEMA Money: About $
468.6 million (Mo.: $ 112.5 million, Ill.: $ 144 million) Public works projects
like water treatment plants, roads, bridges, levees and public buildings, like
city halls. This money can also be spent on private non-profit organizations
with a public purpose, such as day-care centers. A 10% state/local match is
required.  Purpose: Rebuild highways Agency: Federal Highway Administration
Money: $ 100 million now; $ 75 million contingent Grants to states to repair
damaged highways and bridges.  Purpose: Repair damaged rail lines Agency:
Department of Transportation Money: $ 11 million for short-line railroads; $ 10
million for any railroad The biggest project is the damaged Gateway Western line
at Glasgow, Mo.  HOUSING - 10.3% Purpose: Temporary housing Agency: FEMA Money:
About $ 105.2 million dispersed to date FEMA's temporary rental assistance can
last up to 18 months. The agency also offers grants to individuals of up to $
21,900 to pay for temporary housing repairs and damage to personal belongings.
Purpose: Relocation Agency: FEMA Money: About $ 57 million FEMA administers two
funds to pay for relocation. One, under the flood insurance program, has about $
5 million. The other, called the hazard mitigation program, has about $ 52
million.  Purpose: Housing loans Agency: Small Business Administration Money:
About $ 30 million subsidizing loans of about $ 150 million Long-term loans to
repair homes and replace personal property. SBA loans can be as large as $
100,000 for homes and $ 20,000 for personal property.  Most are at 4 percent
with repayment periods up to 30 years. Already, SBA has approved $ 46.7 million
in housing loans in Missouri and more than $ 39 million in Illinois. The
agency's emergency loan fund has plenty of money; it had a $ 300 million balance
before the flood relief bill.  Purpose: Housing assistance to farmers Agency:
Farmers Home Administration - FmHA Money: $ 5.9 million (subsidizing $ 15
million in loan income housing loans); $ 15 million very-low-income housing
repair grants.  The FmHA loans are available only in rural areas. The
very-low-income grants are for poor, elderly rural residents for the purpose of
removing hazards, like a leaky roof.  Purpose: Housing Agency: Housing and Urban
Development Dept.  Money: $ 50 million Home Investment Partnerships Program
(HOME) funds - $ 200 million in community development block grants In both
programs, federal money is turned over to state and local governments.  All of
the HOME funds are for housing, including rental assistance, acquisition of a
housing site, new construction and rehabilitation.  Community development block
grants can be used for housing and for repair of water lines, sewer lines and
streets leading to housing. Block grants also can be used by the state as part
of its local matching funds. There is considerable confusion over what
regulations govern this money, according to local officials.  HEALTH AND
ENVIRONMENT - 2.49% Purpose: Protect health Agency: Public Health Service3
Money: $ 75 million in contingency funds The Public Health Service had asked for
$ 247 million and ended up getting $ 75 million in contingency funds. Doctors at
the service say it doesn't make sense to give health a back-seat. They say that
serious health hazards could still emerge.  Purpose: Assess environmental damage
Agency: Environmental Protection Agency Money: $ 33.95 million Money for
collection and disposal of pesticides, assessing chemical and biological
contamination and researching the flood's effect on hazardous waste facilities.
About $ 8 million is for cleanup of leaking underground storage tanks.  PARKS
AND HISTORIC BUILDINGS - 0.9% Purpose: Repair national parks Agency: National
Park Service Money: $ 5.9 million Repair of damaged national parks and
historical buildings. The largest sum, $ 400,000 goes to the Arch. About $ 2
million goes through the National Trust for Historical Preservation for repairs
on the more than 2,000 sites on the national register.  Purpose: Repair federal
refuges Agency: U.S. Fish and Wildlife Money: $ 30 million $ 1.04 million goes
to Squaw Creek near Mound City, Mo., and $ 1.995 million goes to Swan Lake near
Sumner, Mo. The largest sum $ 11.1 million, goes to the Mark Twain refuge near
Quincy, Ill., to replace roads, trails and park facilities.  Purpose: Repair
Indian reservations Agency: Bureau of Indian Affairs Money: $ 3.878 million
Bridges, roads and agricultural land on Indian reservations. The Bureau says
this is far less than needed and has been pressing other agencies to help.
REBUILDING BUSINESSES - 0.8% Purpose: Business loans Agency: Small Business
Administration SBA Money: Approx. $ 30 million subsidizing loans of about $ 150
million About half of the money in the flood relief act for SBA loans goes to
businesses. SBA can loan up to $ 1.5 million to a firm.  Purpose: Loans for
rural businesses Agency: Rural Development Insurance Fund Money: $ 2.7 million
guaranteeing $ 80 million in industrial development loans with an identical
amount in contingency funds.  There has been little demand for these loans.
There is plenty of less expensive money at the SBA that can be obtained more
quickly. The loans are only available to those with businesses in rural areas
affected by the flood, like an agricultural equipment dealer.  Helpful telephone
numbers for agencies disbursing federal flood assistance: Federal Emergency
Management Agency To apply for disaster assistance - 800-462-9029 FEMA
Information hotline - 800-853-3362 FEMA fraud hotline - 800-323-8603 Agriculture
Dept.  Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service - crop disaster
payments and farmland repair St. Charles County - 1-724-1264 St. Louis County -
453-9555 Franklin County - 1-583-2303 Jefferson County - 1-789-2441 Madison -
618-656-7300 Monroe - 618-939-6181 St. Clair - 618-235-2500 Small Business
Administration 800-462-9029 Housing St. Louis County Flood Relocation Assistance
- 621-4373 St. Charles County Emergency Management Agency - 949-3023 St. Louis
Housing Authority - 286-4313 Levees Army Corps of Engineers (St. Louis District)
for all the Mississippi River - 314-331-8570 Kansas City Corps District -
Missouri River basin - 816-426-6135 Legal Services Legal Services of Eastern Mo.
- 367-1700 Land of Lincoln Legal Assistance - 618-271-9140 for St. Clair and
Monroe; 618-462-0029 or 800-642-5570 for Madison.  source: Compiled by William
H. Freivogel

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GRAPHIC; (1) Photo by Scott Dine/Post-Dispatch - A cornfield on
a flood plain at Alexandria, Mo., last month. Midwestern farmers say it will
take years to recover from the flood. (2) Photo by L.T. Spence/Post-Dispatch -
Members of the Dunkmann family wrestling with a boat last month on their farm in
the Black Walnut area of St. Charles County. The Dunkmanns expressed concern
over the future of their farmland. (3) Photo by AP - Firefighters rescuing a
resident of Pittsburgh, Kan., from his flooded home Friday after a local creek
overflowed. The city received more than nine inches of rain Friday. (4) Graphic
by Tom Borgman/Post-Dispatch - The Federal Flood Relief Dollar - graphic lists
breakdown of where the money goes including contingency funds that must be
approved by President Clinton on an emergency basis. Farmers - 52.9%, Public
Works - 21.0%, Housing - 10.3%, Levees - 6.8%, Education and jobs - 3.7%, Health
and environment - 2.49%, Flood response - 1.1%, Parks and historic buildings -
0.9%, Rebuilding businesses - 0.8%, Legal services - 0.01% (5) Graphic by Tom
Borgman/Post-Dispatch - Where the money goes. (see bottom of story).

TYPE: PROFILE FEDERAL FLOOD RELIEF

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          January 24, 1998, Saturday,

STORM-RELIEF QUESTIONS TO GET ANSWERED

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 204 words


Beginning Monday, people who have questions about federal or state storm relief
can talk in person to officials who have answers.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency and other federal and state agencies
will open offices in Augusta, Bangor and Lewiston on Monday morning.

People who want to start the application process for federal assistance still
have to call FEMA's toll-free registration number, 1-800-462-9029. Officials at
the three centers can answer questions, but cannot process applications.

Specialists from FEMA, the Small Business Administration, the Internal Revenue
Service, the Farm Service Agency and other agencies will staff the centers.

They will be able to answer questions about Disaster Housing Assistance,
low-interest loans, the Individual and Family Grant program for people who have
serious disaster-caused needs, IRS-expedited tax refunds and emergency Farm
Service Agency loans.

The Augusta office will be at the Augusta City Center, 16 Cony St. The Bangor
office will be in the District Court Building, 10 Franklin St., and the Lewiston
office will be at the Bates Mill Complex, 35 Canal St. All offices will be open
from 9 a.m. until 7 p.m. Monday through Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1998 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Senate Vote Expected Soon On $8.7B Farm Aid Package

                           October 6, 1999, Wednesday

By SCOTT BARANCIK

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The federal government is edging closer to approving an emergency aid package
for farmers.

The aid plan, which the House of Representatives endorsed Friday on a 240-to-175
vote, would give an additional $8.7 billion in fiscal year 2000 to U.S. farmers,
who have been plagued by low commodity prices and reduced demand overseas. The
Senate is expected to vote on an identical bill this week, possibly as early as
today.

John M. Blanchfield, an agriculture specialist at the American Bankers
Association, said the aid would benefit agricultural lenders as well.

"The theory is, the farmers will take this cash, plus the payments they would
normally receive, plus the sale of their commodities, to retire debt, fund their
operations, and continue their business into 2000," he said. "Without this
increase, some farmers probably would have had problems retiring their 1999 farm
operating loans."

Of the $8.7 billion, about $5.5 billion would be used to nearly double the
annual payments made under the government's Agricultural Market Transition Act
program. About $650 million would increase subsidies to farmers who want to buy
crop insurance, and $1.2 billion would help farmers struck by natural disasters.

The emergency aid package is part of a broader spending bill for agriculture.
That bill is not perfect, Mr. Blanchfield said. For example, he said, the money
the legislation would set aside to fund Farm Service Agency loan guarantees
would "nowhere near meet demand" from farmers. In fiscal 1999, funds
guaranteeing such loans nearly ran out after six months.

It is unclear whether President Clinton will sign the bill.

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: NATIONAL/GLOBAL ; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 290 words

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                             March 1, 2011 Tuesday

USDA declares 44 counties in Mississippi disaster areas

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 338  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated 44 counties in Mississippi as
primary natural disaster areas due a drought that occurred May 1-Dec. 31, 2010.

The counties are: Amite, Hancock, Leflore, Quitman, Benton, Harrison, Lincoln,
Sharkey, Bolivar, Hinds, Lowndes, Simpson, Carroll, Holmes, Marshall, Stone,
Chickasaw, Issaquena, Monroe, Sunflower, Claiborne, Jefferson, Newton,
Tallahatchie, Clay, Jefferson Davis, Noxubee, Tate, Coahoma, Jones, Oktibbeha,
Tunica, Covington, Kemper , Panola, Wilkinson, DeSoto, Leake, Pearl River,
Winston, Franklin, Lee, Pike and Yazoo.

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Mississippi also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous:  Adams;
Humphreys; Marion; Tippah; Attala; Itawamba; Montgomery; Union; Calhoun;
Jackson; Neshoba; Walthall; Choctaw; Jasper; Perry; Warren; Clarke; Lafayette;
Pontotoc; Washington; Copiah; Lamar; Prentiss; Wayne; Forrest; Lauderdale;
Rankin; Webster; George; Lawrence; Scott; Yalobusha; Grenada; Madison; and,
Smith.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Feb. 28, making
all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low interest
emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided eligibility
requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the
date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual
losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into
account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has
a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

USDA also has made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program (SURE), which was approved
as part of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008; the Emergency
Conservation Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            February 13, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Federal programs facing elimination

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1174 words


The 154 programs that President Bush wants to eliminate or cut in his 2006
budget proposal. Bush would terminate 99 programs and make major spending
reductions in 55. Separately, the administration listed eight major reforms Bush
proposed that also would produce spending cuts.

Of the terminations, Bush has recommended 59 of them before.

TERMINATIONS

Agriculture Department

AMS Biotechnology Program

Forest Service Economic Action Program

High Cost Energy Grants

NRCS Watershed and Flood Prevention Operations

Research and Extension Grant Earmarks and Low Priority Programs

Commerce Department

Advanced Technology Program

Emergency Steel Guarantee Loan Program

Public Telecommunications

Facilities, Planning and Construction Program

Education Department

Comprehensive School Reform

Educational Technology State Grants

Even Start

High School Program Terminations:

Vocational Education State Grants

Vocational Education National Activities

Tech Prep State Grants

Upward Bound

Talent Search

GEAR UP

Smaller Learning Communities

Perkins Loans: Capital Contributions and Loan Cancellations

Regional Education Laboratories

Safe and Drug Free Schools State Grants

Small Elementary and Secondary Education Programs:

Javits Gifted and Talented Education

National Writing Project

School Leadership

Dropout Prevention ProgramZ

Close Up Fellowships

Ready to Teach

Parental Information and Resource Centers

Alcohol Abuse Reduction

Foundations for Learning

Mental Health Integration in Schools

Community Technology Centers

Exchanges with Historic Whaling and Trading Partners

Foreign Language Assistance

Excellence in Economic Education

Arts in Education

Women's Educational Equity

Elementary and Secondary School Counseling

Civic Education

Star Schools

Smaller Higher Education Programs:

Higher Education Demos for Students w/Disabilities

Underground Railroad Program

Interest Subsidy Grants

Small Job Training and Adult Education Programs:

Occupational and Employment Information

Tech-prep Demonstration

Literacy Programs for Prisoners

State Grants for Incarcerated Youth

Small Postsecondary Student Financial Assistance Programs:

LEAP

Byrd Scholarships

B.J. Stupak Olympic Scholarships

Thurgood Marshall Legal Opportunity

Small Vocational Rehabilitation Programs:

Vocational Rehabilitation Recreational Programs

Vocational Rehab (VR) Migrant and Seasonal Workers

Projects with Industry

Supported Employment

Teacher Quality Enhancement Program

Energy Department

Hydropower Program

Nuclear Energy Plant Optimization

Nuclear Energy Research Initiative

Oil and Gas Programs

Health and Human Services Department

ACF Community Service Programs

ACF Early Learning Opportunities Fund

CDC Congressional Earmarks

CDC Preventive Health and Health Services Block Grant

CDC Youth Media Campaign

Direct Service Worker Delivery Grants

HRSA Emergency Medical Services for Children

HRSA Health Facilities Construction Congressional Earmarks

HRSA Healthy Community Access Program

HRSA State Planning Grant Program

HRSA Trauma Care

HRSA Traumatic Brain Injury

HRSA Universal Newborn Hearing Screening

Real Choice Systems Change Grants

Housing and Urban Development Department

HOPE VI

Interior Department

BLM Jobs-in-the-Woods Program

LWCF State Recreation Grants (NPS)

National Park Service Statutory Aid

Rural Fire Assistance (BLM, NPS, FWS, BIA)

Justice Department

Byrne Discretionary Grants

Byrne Justice Assistance Grants

COPS Hiring Grants

COPS Interoperable Communications Technology Grants

COPS Law Enforcement Technology Grants

Juvenile Accountability Block Grants

National Drug Intelligence Center

Other State/Local Law Enforcement Assistance Program Terminations

State Criminal Alien Assistance Program (SCAAP)

Labor Department

Migrant and Seasonal Farm Worker Training Program

Reintegration of Youthful Offenders

Transportation Department

National Defense Tank Vessel Construction Program

Railroad Rehabilitation Infrastructure Financing Loan Program

Enviromental Protection Agency

Unrequested Projects

Water Quality Cooperative Agreements

National Aeronautics and Space Administration

Hubble Space Telescope Robotic Servicing Mission

Other Agencies

National Veterans Business Development Corp.

Postal Service: Revenue Forgone Appropriation

SBA: Microloan Program

SBA: Small Business Investment Company (SBIC) Participating Securities Program

MAJOR REDUCTIONS

Agriculture Department

Federal (In-House) Research

Forest Service Capital Improve and Maintenance

Forest Service Wildland Fire Management (incl. supp. and emergency funding)

Biomass Research and Development

Broadband

CCC - Bioenergy

CCC - Market Access Program

Farm Bill Programs (EQIP)

Farm Bill Programs (CSP)

Farm Bill Programs (WHIP)

Farm Bill Program (Farm and Ranchland Protection)

Farm Bill Programs (Ag. Management Assistance)

IFAS

Renewable Energy

Rural Firefighter Grants

Rural Strategic Investment Program

Rural Business Investment Program

Value-added Grants

Watershed Rehabilitation

NRCS Conservation Operations

NRCS Resource Conservation and Development Program

Water and Wastewater Grants and Loans

Commerce Department

Manufacturing Extension Partnership

Education Department

Adult Education State Grants

State Grants for Innovation

Energy Department

Environmental Management

Health and Human Services Department

HRSA Children's Hospitals GME Payment Program

HRSA Health Professions

HRSA Rural Health

SAMHSA Programs of Regional and National Significance

State, Local & Hospital Bioterrorism Preparedness Grants

Housing and Urban Development

Department

Housing for Persons with Disabilities

Native American Housing Block Grant

Public Housing Capital Fund

Interior Department

Bureau of Indian Affairs School Construction

National Heritage Area Grants

Payments in Lieu of Taxes

USGS, Mineral Resources Program

Justice Department

Federal Bureau of Prisons Construction Program

High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program

Juvenile Justice Law Enforcement Assistance Programs

Labor Department

International Labor Affairs Bureau

Office of Disability Employment Policy

Workforce Investment Act Pilots and Demonstrations

State Department

Assistance for the Independent States of the Former Soviet Union

Transportation Department

FAA - Facilities and Equipment

FAA - Airport Improvement Program (Oblim)

FRA - Next Generation High Speed Rail

Treasury Department

Internal Revenue Service - Taxpayer Service

Environmental Protection Agency

Alaska Native Villages

Clean Water State Revolving Fund

National Aeronautics

and Space Administration

Aeronautics: Vehicle Systems Program

Jupiter Icy Moons Orbiter

Other Agencies

Archives: National Historical Publications & Records Commission

U.S. Institute of Peace: Construction of New Building

MAJOR REFORMS

Agriculture: Rural Telephone Bank

Commerce: Economic and Community Development Programs

Homeland Security: State and Local Homeland Security Grants

Homeland Security: Transportation Security Administration, Recover Aviation
Security Screening Costs Through Fees

Labor: Job Training Reform, Consolidate Grants Program

Transportation: Amtrak

Army Corps of Engineers (Civil Works): Performance Guidelines for Funding
Construction Projects

U.S. Agency for International Development and Department of Agriculture:
International Food Aid

- The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Washington: Filing a Notice of Loss

LENGTH: 743 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 The CCC-576, Notice of Loss, is used to report failed acreage and prevented
planting and may be completed by any producer with an interest in the crop.
Timely filing a Notice of Loss is required for all crops including grasses. For
losses on crops covered by the Non-Insured Crop Disaster Assistance Program
(NAP), you must file a CCC-576, Notice of Loss, in the FSA County Office within
15 days of the occurrence of the disaster or when losses become apparent.  If
filing for prevented planting, an acreage report and CCC-576 must be filed
within 15 calendar days of the final planting date for the crop.



 Beginning Farmer Loans



 FSA assists beginning farmers to finance agricultural enterprises. Under these
designated farm loan programs, FSA can provide financing to eligible applicants
through either direct or guaranteed loans. FSA defines a beginning farmer as a
person who:



     Has operated a farm for not more than 10 years

     Will materially and substantially participate in the operation of the farm

     Agrees to participate in a loan assessment, borrower training and financial
management program sponsored by FSA

     Does not own a farm in excess of 30 percent of the county's average size
farm.



 Additional program information, loan applications, and other materials are
available at your local USDA Service Center.  You may also visit
www.fsa.usda.gov.

 Loan Servicing



 There are options for Farm Service Agency loan customers during financial
stress. If you are a borrower who is unable to make payments on a loan, contact
your local FSA Farm Loan Manager to learn about the options available to you.

 FSA Interest Rates for April



 Farm Operating Loans - Direct = 2.25%

 Farm Ownership Loans - Regular = 3.50%

 Farm Ownership Loans - BF/SDA Down Payment = 1.50%

 Farm Ownership Loans - Joint Financing = 2.50%

 Emergency Loans - Actual Loss = 3.25%

 Facility Loans - 7 yr. = 1.625%

 Commodity - 9 month = 1.625%

 CRP Payment Limitation



 Payments and benefits received under the Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) are
subject to the following:

    - payment limitation by direct attribution

    - foreign person rule

    - average adjusted gross income (AGI) limitation



 The 2014 Farm Bill continued the $50,000 maximum CRP payment amount that can be
received annually, directly or indirectly, by each person or legal entity.  This
payment limitation includes all annual rental payments and incentive payments
(Sign-up Incentive Payments and Practice Incentive Payments).  Annual rental
payments are attributed (earned) in the fiscal year in which program performance
occurs.  Sign-up Incentive Payments (SIP) are attributed (earned) based on the
fiscal year in which the contract is approved, not the fiscal year the contract
is effective.  Practice Incentive Payments (PIP) are attributed (earned) based
on the fiscal year in which the cost-share documentation is completed and the
producer or technical service provider certifies performance of practice
completion to the county office.



 Such limitation on payments is controlled by direct attribution.



      Program payments made directly or indirectly to a person are combined with
the pro rata interest held in any legal entity that received payment, unless the
payments to the legal entity have been reduced by the pro rata share of the
person.

     Program payments made directly to a legal entity are attributed to those
persons that have a direct and indirect interest in the legal entity, unless the
payments to the legal entity have been reduced by the pro rata share of the
person.

     Payment attribution to a legal entity is tracked through four levels of
ownership.  If any part of the ownership interest at the fourth level is owned
by another legal entity, a reduction in payment will be applied to the payment
entity in the amount that represents the indirect interest of the fourth level
entity in the payment entity.   Essentially, all payments will be "attributed"
to a person's Social Security Number.  Given the current CRP annual rental rates
in many areas, it is important producers are aware of how CRP offered acreages
impact their $50,000 annual payment limitation.  Producers should contact their
local FSA office for additional information.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 11, 1985, Monday, Late City Final Edition

SAVING IN FARM AID VETO QUESTIONED

BYLINE: By WILLIAM ROBBINS

SECTION: Section A; Page 15, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 914 words

DATELINE: KANSAS CITY, Mo., March 10


President Reagan's veto of emergency farm credit legislation will save the
Government far less money than his veto message last Wednesday implied,
according to two leading agricultural economists.

A result of the veto, they say, will be to leave many farmers without the funds
they need to plant crops this spring. Whether many troubled farmers would have
been saved by the legislation is a question that will remain unanswered, they
say.

Another result of the veto, according to other experts, including the Republican
Governor of Iowa, has been to diminish the President's popularity among farmers.
But they see little evidence that Democratic hopes of gains in state and
Congressional elections next fall will necessarily follow.

Reagan Figure Challenged

The President's contention that the bill would have raised the Federal deficit
by as much as $2.5 billion was questioned both by Marvin Duncan, vice president
of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, and John M. Schnittker, a member of
a Washington research and consulting firm headed by his father, John A.
Schnittker, a former Deputy Secretary of Agriculture. Both put the figure at
closer to $400 million.

Mr. Schnittker also took issue with the President's argument that ''it's too
late in the season'' for the emergency legislation ''to really help farmers.''

''The arguments the President used just didn't hold water,'' he said. ''This is
the only mechanism that could get the money out immediately.''

Part of that mechanism is the Government field offices that normally process
crop loans, known as price-support loans, he said, ''and all they would have to
do is write the checks.''

The bill would have provided advance payments on price-support loans for
farmers. Those are funds farmers borrow from the Government under regular farm
programs, offering stored crops as collateral. Normally, those loans are not
available until after harvest.

Estimate of Outlays

Under the emergency legislation, however, half of those funds would have been
made available in the next few weeks to finance planting. The President
estimated that the immediate outlay would been about $7 billion. In addition,
the bill would have provided $1.85 billion in loan guarantees and $100 million
to help rural bankers reduce interest rates to some of their most troubled
farmers.

The measure, the President said, ''would add $2.5 billion to the deficit over
the next several years.''

Though he did not single out the price-support advances, Government economists
say those were principally responsible for the veto.

Some of that money, both Mr. Schnittker and Mr. Duncan said, would have gone to
heavily indebted farmers who had exhausted all other avenues of aid.

One problem, Mr. Schnittker said, was that the bill's authors had been unable to
guarantee that those funds would have been directed solely to troubled farmers.
Some of the money would also have been available to farmers who either have
little current debt or have other borrowing resources, with little need for
Government aid.

Interest Rates of 9%

Because interest rates on price-support loans, at about 9 percent, are below
current market levels, he said, the program would have proved highly attractive.
Some people, he said, could have borrowed the money from the Government and
reinvested it at a profit.

Because of the attractive rates, the economists said, more participation than
usual in price-support programs would probably have resulted, raising the
advance outlays to $8 billion or $9 billion.

But the principal immediate economic effect would have been to advance crop-loan
outlays by a few months, into the current fiscal year from the next, Mr.
Schnittker said. And while the effect would have been to increase the deficit in
the current fiscal year by $8 billion or $9 billion, the advance payments would
have reduced outlays by nearly the same amount in the next fiscal year.

He agreed the bill would have increased deficits, but not by either the $2.5
billion estimated by Mr. Reagan or by the $250 million foreseen by its
Democratic supporters.

The principal long-term effect, he said, would have been an increase in interest
costs to the Government, by a total of about $400 million, for the extra five
months or so of the loan terms, although some additional losses could have
resulted from crop loans to farmers who would eventually fail anyway.

Whether the legislation would have had a permanent effect on farmers remains a
question, said Mr. Duncan, who added that the bill might have merely postponed
until fall the agony of some farmers who were destined to fail.

One political effect of the veto appears to have been to diminish the high
popularity Mr. Reagan has enjoyed among farmers.

''The President has lost a lot of support out here,'' Terry Branstad, Iowa's
Republican Governor, said. ''That veto was received with great disappointment
and outrage.''

State Representative Lloyd Polson, the Republican chairman of the Agriculture
Committee in the Kansas House, said, ''Naturally, the farmers are disappointed;
Some of them are downright angry.''

They questioned, however, whether Democrats would realize their hopes of gains
in regional elections next fall.

''Remember, the President isn't running,'' a farm state analyst said. ''And in
the farm states most of those who are have fought for the farmers and distanced
themselves from the President on this issue.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 10, 1980, Thursday, Final Edition

Emergency Meeting Yields No New Help For Farm Borrowers

BYLINE: By Art Pine and Martha M. Hamilton, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: First Section; A4

LENGTH: 394 words


The White House, concerned about a sudden dearth of farm credit that threatens
spring planting, called an emergency meeting yesterday to review the situation,
but apparently decided there was little more that Washington could do.

In an hour-long meeting called by Vice President Mondale, top presidential
economic and agricultural advisers heard status reports on various loan programs
the government has recently put into effect.

However, sources said later there were no new proposals on how the
administration might further ease the squeeze on farmer's borrowings and none is
considered likely.  Officials indicated only that they would continue to monitor
the situation.

Portions of Minnesota, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota and northeastern
Iowa are affected by the credit squeeze.  In many areas, farmers cannot obtain
loans for seed and fertilizer.

The crunch has occurred despite pleas from the Federal Reserve Board for banks
to keep lines of credit open to other financial institutions and small
businesses, even in the face of government credit-tightening.

Administration officials say the government has taken some steps that are likely
to ease the situation.  A week ago, President Carter signed a bill providing for
$1 billion in federal farm loans.  And the United States has purchased wheat and
corn from farmers.

Carter is also expected to sign a bill now before Congress that would allow
farmers who missed out on earlier corn reserve programs to participate now.

Yesterday, Fed officials met with leaders of 15 national and regional farm
organizations to talk over the credit drought, but they apparently reached no
agreement.

Reuben Johnson, Washington lobbyist for the National Farmers Union, said later
that Fed Chairman Paul A. Volcker declined to use authority in a 1969 credit
control law to order banks to make loans available to farmers.

"From my vantage point, I didn't see any ray of hope or any kind of change
coming out of the Fed that is going to solve our problem," Johnson said.  "When
Volcker [dismissed] the credit control act . . .  I got up and walked out."

Farm economists say the credit squeeze stems from a variety of factors,
including high loan-to-deposit ratios in the rural banks, depressed commodity
prices, and losses stemming from transportation tie-ups last autumn.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             April 2, 2005 Saturday

USDA offers Berkshires relief

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 230 words

DATELINE: AMHERST


Sandra Adams, executive director of U.S. Department of Agriculture's Service
Agency in Massachusetts, has announced that USDA designated Hampden and
Hampshire counties agricultural disaster areas, due to losses caused by
abnormally wet weather conditions that occurred from July 15 through Oct. 31,
2004. Also eligible because they are contiguous are Berkshire, Franklin and
Worcester counties.

These counties were designated on March 22, making all qualified farm operators
eligible for low-interest emergency loans from the Farm Service Agency, provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for the loans to help cover part of
their actual losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has a variety
of programs available, in addition to the emergency loan program, to help
eligible farmers recover from adversity.

USDA has also made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance and the
Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program.

Interested farmers may contact Beverly Rice or Randy Kleiner at 585-1000 for
further information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for
these and other programs. Additional information is available online at:
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            October 19, 2010 Tuesday

Gov't. in action locally

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 767 words


Wednesday October 20, 2010

AMHERST

Folks are hurting and many are questioning those of us who work in government.
They say we are overpaid and underachieving, especially in addressing some of
the mammoth economic issues facing our nation. Elected officials are often held
in low regard and taxpayer's frustrations are at the boiling point. Phrases like
"stimulus package" and "job creation" elicit, in some, vitriol and fury.

This surprises me somewhat because much of the stimulus package is actually
working. A recent economic study argues that unemployment would have
sky-rocketed to over 11 percent without the legislation. While many economists
split hairs over the size of the stimulus package, most agree that it was needed
and has been reasonably successful. James Surowiecki, in a recent New Yorker
magazine article, stated, "The weight of the evidence suggests that fiscal
policy softened the impact of the recession, boosting demand, creating jobs, and
helping the economy start growing again." And the non-partisan Congressional
Budget Office estimates that the Recovery Act has reduced unemployment by
anywhere from .8 to 1.7 percent in the past few months.

A recent Boston Globe article ("Not So Bad in Bay State," Steven Syre, Sept. 28)
stated that Massachusetts "places fifth in economic growth from the start of the
recession to the trough in June 2009 and from that bottom through this summer"
compared to all other states. "Taken together," said the author, "those measures
of the Massachusetts economy portray a sputtering machine that still performed
better than average in tough times."

USDA Rural Development is in the job creation and economic revitalization
business. We provide assistance in the form of loans, grants and loan
guarantees. Our loan guarantees encourage local banks to finance local
businesses by mitigating banks' risk -- helping farmers and small businesses get
the capital they need. In Western Massachusetts alone, we committed nearly $88
million through 407 separate projects with a staff of just eight.

In addition to making these loans and grants, this staff also provides most of
the servicing for these projects through the term of assistance. On average, for
every dollar of funding assistance for infrastructure improvements, emergency
response systems, health care facilities, rural housing and small business job
creation, taxpayers have spent less than a penny for the administration of these
vital loans.

The scope of these numbers can obscure the real value of these projects for our
area. The importance of each project can be lost. Thankfully, the importance
isn't lost on local businesses like Berkshire East, the largest employer in my
home town. USDA Rural Development recently guaranteed a local bank loan that
will help them erect a wind turbine -- improving their energy independence and
stabilizing their business costs which will allow them to save and create jobs
for even more local citizens.

Rural Development also recently provided assistance to Berkshire County's
renowned Shakespeare and Company for the building of a new wing and the
restructuring of its debt which was adversely affected by our listless economy.
In South County, Pine Island Farm's economic viability will be enhanced by Rural
Development's infusion of $600,000 in loan and grant funds which will help the
farm turn manure into electric power through the construction and installation
of an anaerobic digester. Soon, the town of Tolland will be able to construct a
new public safety building, allowing critical emergency and safety equipment and
staff to help protect local residents. And let's not forget about the 335 local
families who've been able to purchase or rent a safe, affordable home with Rural
Development's assistance. Rural Development's Area Office in Hadley, which
serves Berkshire, Franklin, Hampshire, and Hampden counties, obligated over $30
million in housing assistance this fiscal year.

Even one person unemployed is an unimaginable hardship made only too real for
many. However, in our region, nearly a thousand jobs have been created or saved
by Rural Development's assistance. And there's an even greater indirect impact
this assistance has on the local economy: providing further job security and
improving the quality of life in Western Massachusetts.

While adversity brings frustration, and the government is often a target, please
recognize that many of us are working very hard to be a part of the solution
rather than a part of the problem.

Jay Healy is the Massachusetts/Connecticut/Rhode Island state director for USDA
Rural Development.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Selected Interest Rates for April 2016

LENGTH: 86  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 Farm Operating Loans (including microloans): 2.25%

 Farm Ownership Loans - Direct: 3.50%

 Farm Ownership Loans - Direct Down Payment, Beginning Farmer: 1.50%

 Farm Ownership Loans - Direct - Joint Financing: 2.50%

 Emergency Loans: 3.25%

 Farm Storage Facility Loans (7 years): 1.625%



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 3, 2014

RECAP USDA Update

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 1063  words


Friday, March 15th is the deadline to purchase a 2013 NAP (Non Insurable Crop
Assistance Program) policy through FSA spring planted non-insurable crops, such
as feed crops and common millet.

Beginning March 11th through Monday, April 8th there are certain FSA application
programs that will not be available to the FSA employees. This is due to the
MIDAS (Modernize and Innovate the Delivery of Agricultural Systems) Release.

To be eligible for 2011 SURE producers must have suffered at least a 10 percent
production loss affecting one crop of economic significance due to a disaster on
a farm in a disaster county.

Signup for the 2013 Direct and Counter Cyclical Program (DCP) began February
19th. The office is currently working on the contracts. However, remember
payments (if issued) will not be issued until October 2013.

The 2012 American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 provided for the continuation of
the Direct and Counter-Cyclical Program for 2013. Signup for the program is to
begin Tuesday, February 19th.

Kiowa County has received authorization for Emergency grazing of eligible CRP
acres. Before producers get too excited, there are some restrictions that may
make the thought of grazing CRP, at this time of year, NOT a profitable idea.

Producers need to be aware when purchasing land and titling the ownership into a
different entity other than themselves as individuals or common entities, such
as corporations or LLC's, not all entities may be considered eligible for FSA
payments.

Nadene Gaynor celebrated 30 years of service to FSA this past Monday, January
28th. She has experienced a lot of changes at FSA from the first computer, to
numerous agency name changes, to a new office.

NRCS has announced the next cut-off date for taking new applications for the
second round of funding in 2013 for the EQIP program.

The next cut-off date for applications is February 15th.

As we are all aware, the high winds on Friday, January 11th caused extensive
damage to the fragile winter wheat crop, and stubble acres. The Service Center
is aware many producers are chiseling at the present time.

AgrAbility workshops in Holyoke, Fort Morgan and Aurora are currently being
advertised. What is Agrability? It's for farmers and ranchers and their family
members who want to start or continue farming/ranching in spite of physical
challenges.

Kiowa County was among one of the 30 counties in Colorado that received a
Disaster Designation due to the persistent drought. Kiowa County has been in a
D4-exceptional drought status on the U.S. Drought Monitor since July of last
year.

The soap opera type drama of the dreaded 'fiscal cliff' in association with the
Farm Bill seems to be on-going.

It is a requirement for the majority of the programs that FSA administers that
producers must supply the FSA office with an accurate and timely report of
acreage for each farm.

The FSA and NRCS have had a few producers question requirements for seismograph
crews going across CRP fields. There are no restrictions for seismograph crews,
if there is no damage incurred on the CRP cover.

Producers with eligible farms have until August 1, 2013 to enroll into the 2013
Direct and Counter Cyclical Program. This year will be the last year for the
program due to the extension of the farm bill.

Beginning Farmer and Rancher loans are available through the Farm Loan Office
for FSA. For Kiowa

County the office is located in Lamar.

Jeff Salisbury currently serves on the COC for this area. He is eligible to
serve another three year term. Additional nominees are always welcome. Nominees
must be eligible voters in LAA #3.

The FSA Office continues to experience problems with the new MIDAS operating
system. We currently can't complete any farm reconstitutions. Continue to be
patient with us.

FSA received word this week that the CRP soil rental rates have been reduced
from an average of $35.00 to $28.00. This is extremely disturbing news, as with
current costs associated with farming the lowered rental rate does not make the
CRP program a competitive alternative for producers to enroll land into the
program.

FSA received some good news this morning. The sequestration 'hold' on payments
has been lifted and FSA offices can begin paying producers that have approved
2011 SURE applications and also 2012 NAP losses.

When producers visit the office for DCP signup if they have had any of their
2013 planted wheat acres released by crop insurance those acres can be reported
as failed wheat acres the FSA-578 'report of commodities'.

For producers that will be planting a subsequent crop on failed wheat acres for
2013. It's important to realize that the majority of the time, the subsequent
crop will not be eligible for crop insurance or a NAP (Noninsured Crop
Assistance Program).

B.J. Jones has accepted a new position with NRCS. His last day in Eads will be
this Friday. We all wish B.J. nothing but the best in his adventures.

Seems that SE Colorado cannot catch any moisture, but we seem to always hold on
to the wind. It has been a devastating last couple of weeks with the high,
damaging winds.

FSA county offices nationwide are utilizing GovDelivery to distribute electronic
newsletters and reminders to producers.

The Farm Storage Facility Loan (FSFL) allows producers of eligible commodities
to obtain low-interest financing to build or upgrade farm storage and handling
facilities.

Producers who are currently grazing CRP acres under the Emergency designation
are reminded all cattle must be removed by September 30, 2013.

FSA loans to rural youth to establish and operate income-producing projects in
connection with 4-H clubs, FFA and other agricultural groups.

Compliance spot checks will be conducted on 2013 crops. Instead of locally
selecting farms a nationwide selection process is conducted by FSA.

The Colorado Drought Task Force, will be holding a 'drought impacts tour' in the
Arkansas River Basin.

Because of the widespread disasters and the effect on livestock producers, FSA
has implemented Emergency Loans for grazing losses.

It has to be one of the worst years on record for Kiowa County, with virtually
no wheat being harvested.

The FSA and NRCS employees were involved in the Pedal the Plains festivities
over the weekend.

The USDA Service Center was affected by the Government shut-down on October 1st
and the employees were furloughed for 16 days. The Service Center re-opened on
October 17th.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Kiowa County Press


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

More Georgia Counties Receive Disaster Declarations Due to Drought

LENGTH: 340  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   In a disaster declaration issued on Sept. 29, Baldwin, Bibb, Hancock,
Houston, Jones, Peach, Taliaferro, Twiggs and Wilkinson counties received
designation from the USDA as primary natural disaster areas due to losses caused
by a recent drought.





 Farmers and ranchers in Bleckley, Crawford, Dooly, Glascock, Greene, Jasper,
Johnson, Laurens, Macon, Monroe, Oglethorpe, Pulaski, Putnam, Taylor, Warren,
Washington and Wilkes counties qualified for USDA disaster assistance because
they are contiguous to a county that is a primary disaster area.



 Since July 6, a total of 92 Georgia counties have been declared eligible for
USDA disaster assistance because of drought, including 70 counties that have
received primary disaster declarations.



 Farmers in counties named either primary disaster areas or contiguous counties
are eligible for low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service
Agency (FSA), provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible
counties have eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans
to help cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan
application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of losses,
security available and repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in
addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible farmers recover from
adversity.



 Other FSA programs that can provide assistance, but do not require a disaster
declaration, include the Emergency Conservation Program, the Livestock Forage
Disaster Program, the Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency Assistance for
Livestock Program, Honeybees and Farm-Raised Fish Program and the Tree
Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service
Centers for more information on eligibility requirements and application
procedures for these and other programs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

More Georgia Counties Receive Disaster Declarations Due to Drought

LENGTH: 340  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   In a disaster declaration issued on Sept. 29, Baldwin, Bibb, Hancock,
Houston, Jones, Peach, Taliaferro, Twiggs and Wilkinson counties received
designation from the USDA as primary natural disaster areas due to losses caused
by a recent drought.





 Farmers and ranchers in Bleckley, Crawford, Dooly, Glascock, Greene, Jasper,
Johnson, Laurens, Macon, Monroe, Oglethorpe, Pulaski, Putnam, Taylor, Warren,
Washington and Wilkes counties qualified for USDA disaster assistance because
they are contiguous to a county that is a primary disaster area.



 Since July 6, a total of 92 Georgia counties have been declared eligible for
USDA disaster assistance because of drought, including 70 counties that have
received primary disaster declarations.



 Farmers in counties named either primary disaster areas or contiguous counties
are eligible for low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service
Agency (FSA), provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible
counties have eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans
to help cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan
application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of losses,
security available and repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in
addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible farmers recover from
adversity.



 Other FSA programs that can provide assistance, but do not require a disaster
declaration, include the Emergency Conservation Program, the Livestock Forage
Disaster Program, the Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency Assistance for
Livestock Program, Honeybees and Farm-Raised Fish Program and the Tree
Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service
Centers for more information on eligibility requirements and application
procedures for these and other programs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

More Georgia Counties Receive Disaster Declarations Due to Drought

LENGTH: 340  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   In a disaster declaration issued on Sept. 29, Baldwin, Bibb, Hancock,
Houston, Jones, Peach, Taliaferro, Twiggs and Wilkinson counties received
designation from the USDA as primary natural disaster areas due to losses caused
by a recent drought.





 Farmers and ranchers in Bleckley, Crawford, Dooly, Glascock, Greene, Jasper,
Johnson, Laurens, Macon, Monroe, Oglethorpe, Pulaski, Putnam, Taylor, Warren,
Washington and Wilkes counties qualified for USDA disaster assistance because
they are contiguous to a county that is a primary disaster area.



 Since July 6, a total of 92 Georgia counties have been declared eligible for
USDA disaster assistance because of drought, including 70 counties that have
received primary disaster declarations.



 Farmers in counties named either primary disaster areas or contiguous counties
are eligible for low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service
Agency (FSA), provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible
counties have eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans
to help cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan
application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of losses,
security available and repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in
addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible farmers recover from
adversity.



 Other FSA programs that can provide assistance, but do not require a disaster
declaration, include the Emergency Conservation Program, the Livestock Forage
Disaster Program, the Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency Assistance for
Livestock Program, Honeybees and Farm-Raised Fish Program and the Tree
Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service
Centers for more information on eligibility requirements and application
procedures for these and other programs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             June 8, 2011 Wednesday

Bingaman, Udall applaud assistance

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 172 words


LAS CRUCES - The U.S. Department of Agriculture has declared 23 New Mexico
counties, including Do?a Ana County, eligible for disaster assistance due to
severe drought conditions, U.S. Sens. Jeff Bingaman and Tom Udall, both D-NM,
announced Wednesday. The senators wrote a letter to Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack urging him to take this action.

The following 15 counties were made eligible for USDA assistance due to severe
drought conditions: Do?a Ana, Chaves, Catron, Curry, DeBaca, Eddy, Grant,
Hidalgo, Lea, Luna, Otero, Quay, Roosevelt, Sierra, and Socorro.

The counties of Cibola, Guadalupe, Harding, Lincoln, San Miguel, Torrance, Union
and Valencia were made eligible for assistance due to their proximity to the
other counties.

A USDA disaster declaration, like the one granted today to these 23 counties,
allows farm operators to apply to the Farm Service Agency for emergency loans
and supplemental revenue assistance payments. Farmers in these counties have
eight months from today to apply for emergency loan assistance.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 18, 1982, Friday, Late City Final Edition

HOUSE COMMITTEE REJECTS A 'FARM CRISIS' BILL

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 9, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 282 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 17


The House Agriculture Committee today rejected a bill that would have set up the
machinery for a mandatory reduction of next year's wheat, feed grain and cotton
crops. The legislation, sponsored by Democrats from grain-producing states,
would also have provided emergency loans for hard-pressed farmers.

Opponents were afraid that bringing a major commodity bill to the floor this
summer would open the way for renewed attacks on the price support programs for
sugar, peanuts and tobacco.

Cotton-state Democrats on the committee were dubious about the bill because it
could have led to higher loan rates on cotton. That would have pushed American
cotton prices above world prices and endangered exports.

Administration Opposed Bill

The Reagan Administration opposed the measure because it would also have
authorized increased spending on Government-guaranteed grain storage loans and
for farm emergency loans Agriculture Secretary John R. Block has said were
unnecessary.

The bill's chief sponsor was Representative Thomas A. Daschle, Democrat of South
Dakota, who called it a ''farm crisis'' measure. He said that the measure was
designed to bail out farmers whose credit is overextended and to force a
reduction in next year's grain supply to bolster grain markets.

Before the committee vote today, Mr. Daschle promised that he would not bring
the bill to the House floor unless amendments were prohibited.

In the committee discussion, the Democratic sponsors agreed to incorporate
Republican amendments earmarking Federal funds to stimulate exports of American
commodities.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 13, 2007 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

in brief

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. LZ08

LENGTH: 1038 words

Drought Disaster Declared

The federal government has declared Loudoun County a natural disaster area
because of agricultural losses from this year's drought, making Loudoun farmers
eligible for low-interest loans and any other relief that Congress might
provide.

Loudoun was one of eight Virginia counties that received  the designation, Gov.
Timothy M. Kaine (D) announced Tuesday. The other counties were Bedford, Bland,
Brunswick, Caroline, King George, Lancaster and Orange. Thirty-seven other
counties, including Fauquier, Fairfax, Prince William and Clarke, received
"contiguous disaster status" because they are adjacent to the disaster areas,
and farmers in those jurisdictions also might be eligible for federal help.

Fauquier and Clarke have requests pending for the natural disaster designation.

The designation allows Loudoun farmers to apply for low-interest emergency loans
from the Farm Service Agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Kaine said
the federal agency will consider each application separately, taking into
account the extent of the farmer's losses, security available and repayment
ability.

The Loudoun County Extension Office estimates that the county's agriculture
industry will suffer drought-related losses of about $24 million, including $10
million in losses for the hay crop and $1.5 million each for corn and soybeans,
said office director C. Corey Childs. The county has about 1,400 farmers.

For more information about applying for the federal assistance, farmers should
contact the  Farm Service Agency office they normally use, Childs said.

Emergency Care Center

HCA Virginia announced Tuesday that it plans to build an emergency care center
as the first step in developing its Route 50 medical campus in Loudoun County.

The company said the 12,000-square-foot, free-standing facility  at Route 50 and
Gum Spring Road will have eight treatment bays and be staffed 24 hours a day.
Barring unexpected delays, the center could open in early 2009, company
officials said.

HCA Virginia also is seeking a special exception from the county so it can build
a hospital of at least 200,000 square feet and 108 beds at the Route 50 site, as
well as up to 55,000 square feet of medical outpatient services. Company
officials said the complex will be called the StoneSpring Medical Campus.

The site is less than half a mile from property where Inova Health System is
seeking a special exception to construct a 113,000-square-foot building that
would include a hospital and outpatient facilities. The county Planning
Commission will hold a public hearing Monday on Inova's request.

The two organizations clashed in 2005, when Inova opposed HCA Virginia's plans
to build a hospital in Broadlands. The Loudoun Board of Supervisors  turned down
the proposal, a decision that HCA Virginia is challenging in a lawsuit. A trial
on the suit has been scheduled for March in Loudoun County Circuit Court.

Shooting in Leesburg

The Leesburg Police Department is investigating a pre-dawn shooting that took
place Saturday at a Leesburg residence.

About 1:52 a.m., officers arrived at the 500 block of Tuliptree Square NE, where
a 24-year-old male from Winchester had been shot in the upper torso. The man was
flown to Inova Fairfax Hospital, where he was treated for  injuries that
appeared not to be life-threatening and released.

Leesburg police Lt. Jeffrey Dube said he could not release further information
about the incident because of the ongoing investigation. He said that anyone
with information should call 703-771-4511 or, to remain anonymous, 703-443-8477.


Fatal Crash in Herndon

A Herndon man died Tuesday from injuries suffered in a two-car crash Saturday
night in Sterling, authorities said.

Shortly before 10:30 p.m., Jose A. Murillo, 47, was driving a Toyota Corolla on
West Holly Avenue near Sterling Boulevard when he was struck by a Jeep Wrangler
driven by a 16-year-old from Sterling, according to the Loudoun County Sheriff's
Office.

The juvenile, who was wearing a seatbelt, was treated at Reston Hospital and
released. Murillo was airlifted to INOVA Fairfax Hospital, where he died Tuesday
afternoon. Murillo's vehicle was not equipped with airbags, and it is unclear
whether he was wearing a seatbelt, authorities said.

The sheriff's office said the cause of the crash remained under investigation
and asked that anyone who witnessed the accident call 703-771-5798.

Cyclist Struck by Car

A bicyclist was struck by a car Saturday morning while crossing Catoctin Circle
on the W&OD Trail, the Leesburg Police Department said.

Brian J. Walsh, 35, of Reston, was biking west on the path about 9:45 a.m. when
he was struck by a 2004 Saturn. The driver was a 19-year-old woman from
Leesburg, authorities said.

According to the police department, Walsh was obeying the crosswalk signal.
Vehicular traffic on Catoctin Circle had a red light. Walsh was airlifted to
Inova Fairfax Hospital, where he was treated for injuries that appeared not to
be  life-threatening.

The police department is asking that witnesses to the accident call
703-771-4500.

High-Speed Push

The Loudoun County Economic Development Commission approved a resolution Friday
advocating the development of high-speed Internet access throughout the county,
especially in western Loudoun.

To accelerate access, the resolution encourages the Board of Supervisors to
consider applications and proposals from the private sector. The board is
considering several incentives, such as creating a special tax classification,
to encourage private investment in wireless broadband infrastructure.

The  majority of eastern Loudoun  has broadband through Verizon and Comcast
cable franchises. A telecommunications consultant concluded in a  study this
year that providing wireless broadband service by constructing a number of
towers would be the best way to reach the western portion of the county.

Parking Lot Closure

The Loudoun County government parking lot between Church Street and Slack Lane
in Leesburg will be closed from 7 p.m. Friday until 7 p.m. Sunday for
maintenance.

The Department of General Services will install message boards at both entrances
to the garage alerting motorists to the closure.

-- Compiled by ARIANNE

ARYANPUR and KENDRA MARR

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Loudoun County

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Katherine Frey -- The Washington Post; Loudoun County farmers
are struggling with a severe drought.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              May 14, 2010, Friday

BUSINESS Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2D

LENGTH: 580 words


Betty Ireland hired into MATRIC management

Former Secretary of State Betty Ireland has joined the management team of a
South Charleston-based research institute.

The Mid-Atlantic Technology Research & Innovation Center has hired Ireland as
vice president of business relationships.

"MATRIC is thrilled to have Betty Ireland join our executive management team,"
said MATRIC CEO Keith Pauley. "Her business and management experience fills a
key gap in the leadership team and will allow MATRIC to continue to grow our
science, engineering and commercialization enterprise."

MATRIC has about 120 full- and part-time employees. The nonprofit institute is
headquartered at the West Virginia Education Research and Technology Park
(formerly the Dow Tech Park) in South Charleston.

Ireland has worked for several consulting firms after leaving the Secretary of
State's office in early 2009. Ireland did not seek a second term.

Two weeks left to apply for flood disaster help

Homeowners, renters and business owners in Fayette, Greenbrier, Kanawha, Mercer
and Raleigh counties who suffered losses as result of the March storms and
flooding have two weeks left to apply for disaster help.

May 28 is the deadline to register for Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) assistance or to apply for a U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA)
disaster loan.

The FEMA toll-free registration number is 800-621-FEMA (3362). The TTY number is
800-462-7585 for callers with speech or hearing disabilities. Registration is
also possible online at www.DisasterAssistance.gov.

SBA closing two disaster loan centers

BEAVER - The U.S. Small Business Administration is closing two centers in
Southern West Virginia that assisted victims of severe storms that hit the
region in March and early April.

The SBA says the disaster loan outreach center at the Mercer County Health
Center in Bluefield closed on Thursday.

A center at the Beaver Fire Department in Raleigh County will close at the end
of the day today. The SBA said people are encouraged to return their completed
applications for federal disaster loans before then.

Md. group hires lawyer from W.Va. wind fight

DEER PARK, Md. - Opponents of a Garrett County wind power project have hired an
attorney involved in a fight against a West Virginia wind farm.

Save Western Maryland says it has hired attorney Brad Stephens to fight a
Constellation Energy wind farm currently in construction atop Backbone Mountain.

Stephens represented the group Mountain Communities for Responsible Energy in
opposing the Beech Ridge Energy wind farm during its permit process with the
West Virginia Public Service Commission. A federal suit filed by the group led
the developer to scale back the project.

Constellation spokesman Larry McDonnell says the project is proceeding on
schedule.

The Western Maryland proposal calls for an electrical substation and 28 415-foot
wind turbines atop Backbone Mountain near Eagle Rock.

State gets millions for homeland security

West Virginia is getting more than $3.75 million in federal homeland security
funding.

Sen. Robert C. Byrd said Thursday the funding includes $1.5 million for security
improvements at chemical plants, dams, stadiums and other potential terror
targets.

The state's senior senator says the state Public Port Authority in Huntington
gets nearly $1.2 million for security including training for port operators.

West Virginia also is getting money for emergency communications and better
driver's licenses.

- The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          September 3, 2008 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

USDA loan limits increased for farms

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 296 words

DATELINE: WARREN


Farm ownership may be closer for some people after the recent announcement that
loan limits have been raised for farm ownership.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency said limits that were
at $200,000 have been increased to $300,000 for farm ownership and operating
loans, the first increase in 24 years.

"FSA is working with farmers at the local level and has already started making
loans with this higher limit," FSA's Farm Loan Chief Deborah Dufour said. "FSA
strives to be the lender of first opportunity and is proud to help the
hardworking Americans in Maine who were struggling with the high costs of
running a family farm, especially beginning and socially disadvantaged
producers."

Dufour explained that direct loans are a resource for farmers to obtain the
credit they need to build and sustain family farms. Despite continual increases
in farm input costs, FSA loan limits had remained unchanged since 1984.

"The increased loan limits are expected to help farmers whose credit
requirements could not previously be met by the FSA loan limits. In addition,
some existing FSA borrowers who have already reached the previous limit of
$200,000 will now be eligible to obtain additional credit from FSA," Dufour
said.

Direct farm loans are made by FSA with Government funds. FSA also services these
loans and provides direct loan borrowers with supervision and business planning
so they have a better chance for success. Farm ownership, operating, emergency
and youth loans are the main types of loans available under the direct program.
Direct loan funds also are set aside each year for loans to socially
disadvantaged and beginning farmers.

Farmers interested in applying for a direct operating or farm ownership loan
should contact their local FSA office.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Reidsville Review (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 14, 2008 Friday

'Spotty' rainfall leaves Rockingham dry

BYLINE: Mike Ryan, The Reidsville Review, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 580 words


Nov. 14--Drought and extreme heat hit Rockingham County in 2008.

Neil Burnette is executive director of the Rockingham County Farm Service
Agency. He said the county was in extreme drought in April, but that status
bounced from severe to moderate throughout the summer.

Meteorologist Jim Hudgins of the National Weather Service in Blacksburg, Va.,
said a station in Reidsville estimated this year's total precipitation for the
city at 38.39 inches. Hudgins said April's precipitation was just 1.26 inches,
well below its average. By comparison, Reidsville has already received 1.27
inches this month.

According to http://www.idcide.com, the annual average precipitation in
Reidsville is 46.92 inches, and the rainfall is "fairly evenly distributed
throughout the year." Burnette said that has not been the case in 2008.

"Rainfall last year basically didn't come anywhere. This year it's been spotty,"
he said. "However, for farmers in some parts of the county, it is just as bad
this year as in 2007."

On Monday, the U.S. Department of Agriculture granted Gov. Mike Easley's request
to have 59 counties, including Rockingham, designated as disaster areas due to
crop losses.

The declaration makes farm operators in primary and contiguous counties eligible
for assistance from the U.S. Farm Service Agency, provided eligibility
requirements are met. Assistance includes low-interest emergency loans and the
Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program approved as part of the Food,
Conservation and Energy Act of 2008.

Burnette said the main criteria for a farmer to be eligible for assistance is to
have had all 2008 crops insured. Burnette said few farmers in the county are
eligible.

"Buying in back then was a gamble," he said. "You didn't know if you would get
any return or not."

Quite a few farmers did buy in for grazing losses, however. In either case, the
deadline to meet was Sept. 16.

With current interest rates as low as they are, Burnette said he does not know
if the emergency loans will be an advantage for farmers. In fact, at times the
emergency rate can wind up being higher than the standard rate.

"There's not much help for those without insurance," Burnette said. "In farming
at this point, you have to take measures to protect yourself."

Burnette said last year's drought was more widespread, but there will be similar
losses this year. Although tobacco was probably the worst-hit crop, he said corn
and soybean crops had significant losses as well.

"You can't make generalizations for the county. Losses vary by individual,
depending on what stage a crop was at and when it received rain," Burnette said.
He said some crops did well if they got a shower at the right time.

Details as to the specifics of the assistance program and how it will pay out
are still a few months away. Burnette said help is coming, he just does not know
how much or when.

For more information, farmers should contact the FSA office in their county. A
complete list of the county offices is available at fsa.usda.gov. The Rockingham
County office can be reached at 342-0460.

To see more of The Reidsville Review or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.reidsvillereview.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Reidsville Review, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081114-RD-Spotty-rainfall-leaves-Rockingham-dry-1114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RD


                      Copyright 2008 The Reidsville Review


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      March 9, 1984, Friday, Final Edition

Senate Panel Votes Measure To Freeze Farm Subsidy Now

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 592 words


The Senate Agriculture Committee, in a something-for-everyone spirit, yesterday
approved a bill that would freeze the level of next year's farm subsidy payments
but pay farmers cash this fall, before the Nov. 6 elections, for idling part of
their land in 1985.

The measure started out as an effort to sweeten terms of the current wheat
program, which farmers have shunned in huge numbers, but by the time the
committee finished, it had become a bonsai version of a legislative Christmas
tree.

Yesterday's action was preceded by three days of intense negotiations between
farm-state senators, many nervous about reelection, and Agriculture Secretary
John R. Block and Office of Management and Budget Director David A. Stockman,
both nervous about rising farm program costs.

The result was a victory for the Reagan administration, which got the target
price freeze that it sought; a victory for legislators, who wanted a 1985
land-idling program with advance payments this year, and possible budget savings
of up to $3.5 billion between now and fiscal 1987. Earlier in the day, Stockman
hinted in a speech to the National Association of Manufacturers that the package
would work.

"We may end up . . . freezing target prices and achieving a major deficit
reduction right in the heartland of pork-barrel politics," he said. "Maybe
that's a sign Congress is getting serious."

But throughout the round of bargaining and deal-cutting, campaign-year
sentiments ran deep. At one point yesterday, Sen. Don Nickles (R-Okla.), sitting
in as an observer, wondered why farmers would be given money in 1984 for next
year's farm program.

"Elections," rumbled Sen. J. James Exon (D-Neb.), another observer who took an
active part in the negotiations. Laughter engulfed the room.

Even with that, however, floor passage of the revised farm program is not a
given. Sens. Howell Heflin (D-Ala.) and David H. Pryor (D-Ark.) said they did
not like the cotton and rice provisions and would have more to say in floor
debate. Sen. John Melcher (D-Mont.), unhappy with the wheat portion and what he
called "phony baloney" administration figures on savings, indicated that he,
too, would have more to say on the floor.

The committee bill would apply to the 1985 crops of corn, cotton and rice by
freezing target price payments--direct subsidies to farmers, based on their
production costs--at current levels. In return for the freeze, the
administration agreed to pay farmers to idle part of their land from production.

The wheat provisions, covering 1984 and 1985, slow the increase in target
prices, but call for payments for idling land, collectable in advance, both
years.

In addition, the bill would:

* Increase Food for Peace spending by $325 million and add $1.6 billion in loan
guarantees and export credit activities during this fiscal year and next to
stimulate farm sales overseas.

* Liberalize terms of the disaster emergency loan program for farmers seeking
help from the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA).

* Direct the FmHA to double the farm operating loan limit to $200,000;
liberalize the agency's policy on interest rates for deferred loans, and extend
from seven to 15 years the repayment period for consolidated or rescheduled
loans.

* Require the administration to increase from $50 million to $310 million the
amount of economic emergency loans it makes available to farmers by Sept. 30. A
federal court ordered the Agriculture Department to resume a $600 million loan
program but it has released only $50 million for direct loans.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             May 09, 2009 Saturday

Bloomington weighs Starcom radio system

BYLINE: By M.K. Guetersloh;mkguetersloh@pantagraph.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 456 words


BLOOMINGTON - A request from state law enforcement agencies, not pressure for
Normal and McLean County police agencies, prompted the city of Bloomington to
test Starcom 21 radios, said one city official.

Recently, city officials met with the Illinois Emergency Management Agency,
Illinois Terrorism Task Force and Starcom administrators to discuss testing the
equipment.

Bloomington City Manager David Hales said the state agencies took the initiative
to offer eight portable radios and three larger, in-vehicle mobile radios to the
city. The equipment is on loan from Starcom's manufacturer, Motorola.

The city has been under state and local pressure to switch to Starcom, a digital
communication system used by Normal and McLean County.

"They know (Police Chief) Randy (McKinley) and I are looking at some long-range
plans to replace our radio equipment, and they know Randy and I are open-minded
about any possibility," Hales said.

Hales said the test is not directly related to a previous communication dispute
with McLean County and Normal.

The issue came to a head last summer when the three police agencies responded to
State Farm Insurance Cos. headquarters. Normal Police Chief Kent Crutcher and
McLean County Sheriff Mike Emery said their officers had trouble communicating
at the scene with Bloomington officers.

State Rep. Dan Brady, R-Bloomington, stepped up the pressure on the city last
fall because of the State Farm incident. He pushed a resolution through the
House that calls for Bloomington to use Starcom.

The House approved that resolution about two weeks ago.

City staff changes, including a new city manager and police chief, made after
the resolution was introduced have helped the situation, Brady said.

"The resolution continues to keep focus on Bloomington to look at this, but
Hales and McKinley have been a breath of fresh air in dealing with this issue,"
Brady added.

McKinley said the eight portable radios are on loan for a 90-day test. The three
mobile radios are on loan for the next five years, and those will be installed
in the city's command vehicles.

Hales said the city's study of radio systems is part of long-term plans to
replace the city's aging analog system purchased in 2002. It is not tied to
recent discussions about rejoining Metcom, the countywide emergency dispatch
system, Hales said.

Normal City Manager Mark Peterson, who also serves as Metcom board chairman,
said the fact the city is testing the radios is promising. He added that the
city must be on Starcom if it wants to rejoin Metcom.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Pantagraph


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            August 5, 1999 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Politicians offer farmers slice of American aid pie

BYLINE: Joanne Gray WASHINGTON

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 333 words


As Republicans and Democrats shape up to win the farm vote in the year 2000
elections, both sides are pushing large aid packages to help the agricultural
sector through a period of drought and low prices.

Democrats have backed an $US11 billion emergency farm aid plan to counter the
bumper harvest and the drought in the mid-west and northeast.

Presidential contender vice-president Al Gore supported the proposal, but has
called for it to be offset by spending cuts elsewhere.

"We should take emergency action right now because the crisis will not wait," he
said.

Republicans, who control the Senate by 55 votes to 45, have proposed a $US7
billion farm aid package, which would comprise direct payments to grain and
soybean farmers that have been hit by low prices and overproduction. As both
parties and the Administration want to help the sector, a compromise is
expected.

Farmers argue that they need another aid package on top of the $US6 billion they
received last year because the weak demand and low prices for many commodities,
including corn, wheat, soybean and cotton, are forecast into the year 2000. Many
farmers become eligible for special loans when prices fall below a set federal
price.

They blame the "crisis" on a combination of overproduction, high overhead costs,
depressed demand due to the Asian crisis and bad weather.

The Democrat plan would aid farmers through loans and also by paying them to
take more land out of production and adding millions of acres to the
Conservation Reserve Program, under which 30 million acres (12 million ha) of
farm land now lies idle each year.

But to expand the program, it has to be reformed to lift limits on the type of
land that can be included.

The plan is controversial because although it guarantees farmers' income and
turns more land over to recreation, it has forced the closure of many rural
businesses.

Farmers are required to keep the land out of production for 10 years.

In return, they receive annual payments that average $US45 an acre.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1999 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 2, 2009 Wednesday

Disaster declaration made official

BYLINE: Vershal Hogan, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 434 words


Dec. 2--VIDALIA -- Some in the Concordia Parish farming community have been
saying it for months, but now the U.S. Department of Agriculture agrees -- it's
a disaster.

The disaster in question was heavy rain followed by no rain followed by heavy
rain, and USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack declared 53 parishes in Louisiana --
Concordia, Catahoula and Tensas among them -- as primary disaster areas Monday.

"It rained nearly every day for six or seven weeks, but in June and July it just
got dry," Concordia Parish Extension Service Director Glen Daniels said. "Then,
when it came time to harvest, it started raining again."

That rain caused a delay in harvesting a crop already damaged by the long dry
spell.

"It was such a tremendous loss in quality and yield," Daniels said. "A lot of
the crop deteriorated, a lot of the beans rotted, the cotton rotted -- it all
went down with this bad weather."

The declaration means that farmers have until July 26, 2010, to apply for
emergency assistance loans to help with losses incurred between April 1 and Oct.
30, Concordia Parish Farm Service Agency Director Kevin Case said.

The declaration also guarantees that the parish will have a Supplemental Revenue
Assistance Program, he said.

"SURE is a grant type program, whereas an emergency loan is a loan that has to
be repaid over a series of years," Case said. "A person applies for SURE and is
paid due to their eligibilities -- it's kind of a subsidy program to help them
get through the current crisis."

The SURE program is authorized through the 2008 Farm Bill, and one of its
requirements is that farmers maintain a certain level of crop insurance.

Daniels said that grant programs are especially needed right now.

"If it is just low interest loans, that's not going to be much of a help to
farmers in the parish," he said. "Refinancing debt is not going to be a
tremendous help to a lot of farmers."

Concordia and Tensas parishes were already considered contiguous disaster areas
due to a declaration about flooding related to the rain in Mississippi, and the
latest declaration reciprocates that action and places Adams, Jefferson and
Wilkinson counties in the contiguous disaster area category.

To see more of the Natchez Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.natchezdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091202-YY-Disaster-declaration-made-official-1202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                                 Copyright 2009


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Iowa Governor Expected to Reach Decision on Moratorium;
Four Other Midwest States Considering Emergency Stays of Debt Payments on Farm
Loans as Crisis Deepens

                           February 11, 1985, Monday

By ANDREA BENNETT

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad is expected to announce this week whether he will use
emergency powers to trigger a debt moratorium on real estate loans in the state.
Farm groups have been pushing for such a moratorium, but insiders say the
governor will probably decide against it.

''The governor and legislators...are all looking for different alternatives,''
said Susan Neely, press secretary to Gov. Branstad. ''There's been a lot of talk
that [a moratorium] is the wrong way to go.''

Gov. Branstad's decision is coming as other farm states begin to explore the
possibility of imposing moratoriums on farm debt. Legislators in Indiana,
Minnesota, and North Dakota are considering bills that would impose debt
moratoriums. In Nebraska, where state laws are too restrictive to allow a
moratorium, legislators are looking at alternatives that would have the same
effect.

''There's a lot of noise for one,'' said Harry J. Argue, executive director of
the North Dakota Bankers Association.

A recent study by Farm Journal magazine found that 21% of the farmers in the
Farm Belt face a high risk of being forced out of business this year. As time
runs out for these farmers, they are putting increasing pressure on state
legislators for a stay of execution.

Moratoriums seek to halt foreclosure proceedings on farm debt for a specific
period of time. Exactly how they are imposed and what debt they cover varies
from state to state. For example, in Iowa, if the governor declares an economic
emergency, a moratorium on real estate foreclosures goes into effect.The
moratorium allows a borrower to petition a judge to postpone - but not cancel -
foreclosure proceedings. Interest continues to accrue on the debt during the
postponement.

Traditional Opposition of Bankers

Bankers traditionally oppose moratoriums. They claim moratoriums do not help
farmers and may, in fact, worsen conditions as lenders become more cautious
about making loans.

''A debt moratorium only makes things worse unless there is a chance of
(economic) circumstances changing,'' said William B. Brandt, general counsel for
the Nebraska Bankers Association. ''We think it is counterproductive not only
for lenders but debtors as well.''

Some farm groups favor moratoriums as a way of getting breathing room and
allowing them to continue to farm while debt restructuring plans are worked out.

Not all farm states are getting severe pressure for debt moratoriums.  Bankers
in Illinois, Kansas, Michigan, and South Dakota said calls for moratoriums had
not been as urgent as in other Midwest states.

They attributed the lack of activity to more divergent economies in their states
than in primarily agricultural states such as Iowa, more diversity in
agricultural production in their state, and good communication between farm and
lender groups.

But other states are considering moratoriums. They include:

* Indiana - Proposals for mortgage foreclosure relief backed by farm and
citizens groups are in committee in both the Senate and House of Representatives
but have not been scheduled for hearings.

* Minnesota - A bill that calls for a voluntary 120-day moratorium on farm
foreclosures passed the Senate in late January. But the House of
Representatives, which is considering the bill, has deleted the grace period,
said Norbert A. McCrady, executive vice president of the Independent Bankers of
Minnesota He was uncertain if a voluntary moratorium provision would be
reinserted at a later date.

Failure to pass a voluntary moratorium might increase pressure for a mandatory
one-year moratorium, he believed. ''There is definitely pressure for it,
although people who are pushing for it are taking a watch-and-see attitude to
the 120-day grace period,'' he said.

* Nebraska - Bill Kerrey, agricultural advisor and brother of Nebraska Gov. Bob
Kerrey, said the governor has looked at the legality of moratoriums and
concluded that because the Nebraska constitution is so restrictive on provisions
for impairment of contracts, ''it would be virtually impossible for the governor
to declare an across-the-board moratorium on farm foreclosures.''

However, a bill has been introduced in the state's unicameral Legislature that
would allow courts to grant additional stay periods on farm foreclosures.
Current law allows courts to grant a nine-month stay on the sale of farm real
estate if the debtor requests one.

Mr. Kerrey said the governor has not decided whether he will support the bill.
''He's just looking at it at this time,'' he said.

* North Dakota - A modified foreclosure moratorium is part of a five-point
agricultural relief plan outlined by North Dakota Gov. George Sinner that is
being considered by the state Legislature. Under the plan, a moratorium would go
into effect in one or more of eight counties if the county was determined to be
in state of economic emergency. Harry Argue of the NDBA said that could mean a
moratorium might be imposed that was not statewide.

The plan would set up credit review boards in the eight regions that would
review foreclosure proceedings and could impose a six-month halt on foreclosures
of any ''farm-related'' debt.

''There could be a very broad definition as to what is related to farming,'' he
said.  ''It's not just restricted to real estate and heavy machinery.''

The bill would have a two-year sunset clause. Mr. Argue said there was also
pressure by farm groups and some legislators for a statewide moratorium.

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 912 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Harvesting Bad LoadsSeventh of a series

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 9, 2012 Thursday

Agencies survey fire damage across Oklahoma

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 513  words


Federal Emergency Management Agency officials joined other federal and state
agencies Thursday in surveying and estimating the damages from grassland fires
that have swept across the state. Although it is still too early to produce a
comprehensive figure, officials said, the cost of barbed-wire fencing by itself
provides some perspective of the scale of the loss to farmers and ranchers.
Nearly 105,000 acres have been burned in the last week, damaging hundreds of
structures, farm machinery, feed and even livestock.

The Oklahoma Farm Service Agency has announced that ag producers that incurred
damages might be eligible for assistance under the Emergency Conservation
Program, even the fences that surround more valuable property. "Assistance is
available to restoring or replace permanent fences damaged during the
devastating wildfires," FSA Executive Director Francie Tolle said in a
statement. "I encourage everyone who had fences damaged or destroyed to visit
their local FSA office and learn more about ECP before repairs are started. "
According to the state Department of Agriculture, the average size of a farm in
Oklahoma is about 400 acres. That includes a wide range, from the majority of
producers who operate about 120 acres to the few who run up to 3,000 acres. Rod
Wanger, an FSA conservation programs specialist, estimated the average cost of
replacing barbed-wire fence at $1 per foot. That might not seem like much of an
expense to someone without experience in the field until a little geometry is
applied: An ag operation with 400 acres, if laid out as a square, would measure
about 4,200 feet to a side, so the full perimeter fence could cost about
$17,000. Of course, not all grassland is fenced, and barbed wire is available in
wide range of grades, so Wanger said his department was reluctant to provide
estimates this early in recovery. "We will definitely see a temporary increase
in sales to replace field fencing and barbed wire," said Lou Richards at
Oklahoma Steel and Wire, a major barbed-wire wholesaler. "But that uptick in
business won't show in our profits. "We don't like to increase our business
because of fires, blizzards, floods, hurricanes or any of that," he said. "We're
not profiteers. We will not take advantage of ag producers and I'd like to say I
don't think retailers will, either. " The company contributes to several
disaster relief programs and asks that its distributors hold their prices in
check during major recoveries. "We want to earn money the old-fashioned way," he
said. "And I know those farmers have bigger problems on their minds right now. "
The ECP provides cost-share assistance to affected producers at a rate not to
exceed 75 percent of the eligible cost of restoration measures. Producers will
need to contact the local FSA office for a review of their situation before
repairs begin. The agency also has an Emergency Loan Program available at a
2.25-percent interest rate. An expedited loan process has been approved to
process these loans that involve feed losses such as hay destroyed by the
wildfires.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

As Drought Lingers, Banks Push for Farm Bailout

                           September 16, 2002, Monday

BY BEN JACKSON



With the help of their banks, farmers have largely weathered the drought that
has half the country in its grip, but agricultural bankers say that without a
government bailout, many of their customers could soon be out of business.

The full effect of the drought likely will not be known until after the fall
harvest, but many agricultural bankers have been restructuring debt to help
farmers and ranchers get through the year. Still, bankers say that the emergency
relief package approved by the Senate, but strongly opposed by the Bush
administration, is crucial, because only that will provide income to farmers who
have lost most of their crops or livestock.

In Montana, where farmers are facing their fifth year of drought, small
communities are suffering because the farmers are not spending money, according
to Michael E. Grove, the president of Countricorp's $56 million-asset Bank of
the Rockies in White Sulphur Springs, Mont.

"The farmers have been struggling to stay alive through government payments and
crop insurance," Mr. Grove said.

Ray E. Purdy, the Garden City, Kan., branch president of the $570 million-asset
HNB Corp. of Arkansas City, said he has seen four families quit the farming
business over the past two years and has advised at least two others to consider
selling their farms. Ranchers have suffered the most, because they cannot get
crop insurance, he said.

At the end of July 49% of the land in the lower 48 states was in moderate to
extreme drought, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's National
Climatic Data Center in Asheville, N.C., reported. The worst hit states have
been Kansas, Nebraska, Wyoming, Colorado, Montana, and the Dakotas.

Bankers, of course, are concerned that, if drought continues and crop output is
diminished, farmers and ranchers will be unable to repay their loans.

Even nonagricultural banks have reason to be worried about the drought. In a
Securities and Exchange Commission filing last month, Fulton Financial Corp. of
Lancaster, Pa., said that it had made $14.5 million of loans to a real estate
developer who had been denied water and sewer permits for a construction project
because of the drought.

Though the loans were not yet classified as nonperforming, the $7.9
billion-asset company indicated that they are at risk.

Agricultural bankers are counting on relief from the federal government. Last
week the Senate passed an amendment to the Interior Department appropriations
bill that would provide an estimated $5.95 billion of emergency relief to
farmers.

Because the amendment, offered by Senate Majority Leader Thomas Daschle, D-S.D.,
provides for emergency spending outside of the regular budget, it is not
required by law to be offset by spending cuts elsewhere. However, it could face
opposition when House leaders sit down to hammer out the appropriations bill in
a conference committee.

And even if the amendment gets through the conference, the bill may face a veto.
The Bush administration opposes spending for farmers that is not offset by
spending cuts elsewhere.

George Beattie, the executive vice president of the Nebraska Bankers
Association, said the administration should view the drought as it would any
other natural disaster.

"If we had a hurricane or flooding or fire, there wouldn't be any question
about" emergency aid, he said.

Agricultural banks are in better position to deal with drought and other
disasters than they were in the 1980s, when many of them failed. Jim Maag, the
executive vice president of the Kansas Bankers Association, said that banks are
better capitalized than they were then, so they have the flexibility to change
loan terms and absorb losses. Also, land prices are strong, so there is
collateral to refinance loans if necessary.

Still, Mike Nelson, the president of the Nebraska trade group and chairman of
Compass Bank Nebraska, said that agricultural banks are taking steps to protect
themselves, such as constantly updating their cash-flow projections from farm
operations to keep track of repayment schedules.

Banks are also looking for government loan guarantees and adding to their loan
-loss reserves, he said.

Copyright 2002 Thomson Media. All Rights Reserved. http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 711 words

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 American Banker, Inc.


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 28, 2011 Thursday
                                 Drive Edition

USDA declares disaster in all but three counties

BYLINE: MICHAEL MCNUTT, Capitol Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 237 words


The U.S. Agriculture Department issued a disaster declaration Wednesday for most
of Oklahoma's counties, where farmers are reeling from wildfires and the ongoing
drought.

The declaration covers 74 of the state's 77 counties. Nowata, Craig and Ottawa
counties in far northeastern Oklahoma are not covered.

It is in response to a June 10 request by Gov. Mary Fallin, who asked the
federal agency to issue a disaster declaration in order to help farmers who are
adversely affected by drought and wildfires.

The governor had asked that all 77 counties be covered in a disaster
declaration. The Agriculture Department replied that it was "unable to make a
complete and accurate determination of production losses" for counties not
included under the declaration, according to the governor's office.

It said "a decision ... will be deferred until the loss information becomes
available" regarding the three counties not included.

The Agriculture Department's disaster designation makes farmers in approved
counties eligible to be considered for federal assistance from the Farm Service
Agency.

Such assistance would include Farm Service Agency emergency loans and
eligibility in the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments Program.

Farmers in designated counties have eight months to apply for emergency loan
assistance. Farmers interested in requesting additional information should
contact their local Farm Service Agency office.


LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A weed grows up from dry, cracked soil recently outside State Fair Park
in Oklahoma City. PHOTO BY JOHN CLANTON, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2015 Saturday

Louisiana: USDA Designates Natural Disaster Areas

LENGTH: 246 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Baton Rouge: Louisiana Department of Agriculture and Forestry, The state of
Louisiana has issued the following news release:





 Agriculture and Forestry Commissioner Mike Strain, D.V.M., said the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) declared Natchitoches Parish a primary natural
disaster area due to a recent drought.



 In accordance with section 321(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act, additional areas were named as contiguous disaster parishes.
They are: Bienville, Desoto, Grant, Rapides, Red River, Sabine, Vernon and Winn.




 Strain said farmers and ranchers located in both primary and contiguous
parishes are eligible for low-interest emergency loans from the Farm Service
Agency (FSA), provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible
areas have 8 months from the disaster declaration date, Sept. 30, 2015, to apply
for the emergency loans.



 &ldquo;Our farmers and ranchers face great challenges with every seed they sow
and animal they nurture all for the purpose of providing food and fiber for
people like you and me,&rdquo; Strain said. &ldquo;This assistance will provide
much needed relief to producers.&rdquo;



 Strain urged farmers and ranchers who may be eligible to contact their local
parish FSA office for further information. Additional information is also
available online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     July 15, 1998, Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

Further disaster aid available for Georgia farmers;
Designated areas: Federal low-interest loans extended to farmers in 155 counties
to counter assault weather.

BYLINE: Peter Scott

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 02B; Pg. 02B

LENGTH: 452 words


Georgia farmers whose crops have drowned, burned and withered under a continued
assault of weather maladies are now eligible for continued disaster benefits.

Federal officials are extending a disaster designation to make low-interest
loans available to farmers in 155 of Georgia's 159 counties, the state announced
Tuesday. The relief is an extension of benefits made available to counter the
negative impact of last summer's drought, the heavy rains of fall and winter and
the storms and tornadoes in the spring. It comes as a result of the broiling
summer heat and dry conditions that are currently damaging the state's crops.

"This has been one of the wackiest weather years I've ever seen," said Buzz
Weiss, a spokesman for Georgia Emergency Management Agency (GEMA).

The disaster declaration from the U.S. Department of Agriculture covers all
Georgia counties except Cobb and Douglas in the Atlanta area and Chatham and
Camden on the coast, said Commissioner of Agriculture Tommy Irvin Tuesday.  The
four counties are urban and did not experience as much weather damage as others,
state officials said.

Irvin said the current drought will mean a $ 400 million loss to the state's
economy.  He made a personal appeal for help to President Bill Clinton during
Clinton's visit to Atlanta last week.

With the extended designation, farmers affected by the weather will be eligible
for low-interest loans to help them rebuild their crops and save their farms, as
well as other benefits, said Gary W. McConnell, director of the Georgia
Emergency Management Agency. Farmers who wish to apply for benefits should
contact a local Farm Service Agency office.

More than loans are needed, however, Irvin said. He is seeking emergency federal
relief money from Congress that could help the hardest hit of the state's
farmers. Loans, even low-interest ones, place additional burdens on farmers who
have lost crops, and crop insurance is often inadequate and based on recent
harvests that have been smaller than normal, he said.

The disaster designation is used as a fallback for some farmers, such as
64-year-old Grady 'Bud" Hodges of Newton County, about 40 miles east of Atlanta.
Hodges hopes his crop insurance will meet his operating needs, but he is glad to
know there will be loans available.

The relentless heat and drought that hit the South in early summer burned up 15
acres of corn Hodges planted, and he now uses it to feed the 200 head of cattle
he raises. He has been able to harvest crops from his 300 acres of land set
aside for wheat, but doubts if he will see more if the drought continues. He
planted only 50 of the 200 acres set aside for soy beans but those that came up,
died.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Metro Final Today's News

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 Bone dry: Grady "Bud" Hodges, a 64-year-old Newton County farmer,
 inspects one of his parched cornfields he was forced to cut for silage
 after it withered and died from drought conditions. Hodges owns 265
 acres of farmland and leases about 1,000 more acres to grow wheat, hay,
 soybeans and corn. / CURTIS COMPTON / Staff
 Photo :
 Help on the way: Grady "Bud" Hodges and other Georgia farmers who have
 struggled through heavy rains, tornadoes and drought conditions are now
 eligible for more disaster benefits. / CURTIS COMPTON / Staff

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution
