
                                1 of 9 DOCUMENTS

                   Copyright (c) 2016 Energy Bar Association
                               Energy Law Journal

                                      2016

                               Energy Law Journal

                              37 Energy L. J. 265

LENGTH: 20746 words

ARTICLE: PROTECTING LOW-INCOME RATEPAYERS AS THE ELECTRICITY SYSTEM EVOLVES

NAME: Adrienne L. Thompson*

BIO: * Associate, Troutman Sanders, LLP. The views expressed here are solely
those of the author and not of Troutman Sanders LLP or its clients. Funding for
this article came from the George Washington University Law School Energy Law
Advisory Board while the author served as the 2014-2016 GW Law Energy Law
Scholar and Sustainable Energy Initiative Research Associate. The author wants
to thank those who gave valuable feedback and edits on this article, including
the journal editors, Ron Elwood of the Legal Services Advocacy Project in
Minnesota, and John Howat of the National Consumer Law Center. Special
appreciation goes to Donna Attanasio, Senior Advisor to Energy Law Programs,
Professorial Lecturer in Law, and Director of the Sustainable Energy Initiative
at GW Law for her thoughtful comments and for providing the seeds for this
article and many of the solutions mentioned herein.

HIGHLIGHT:

   Synopsis: From distributed energy resources to smart meters, we are
witnessing one of the most significant economic and physical transitions in the
history of our electricity sector. As utilities, regulators, and stakeholders
grapple with transforming our aging grid, one under-examined issue is how these
changes will impact low-income ratepayers. Specifically: as reformers begin to
align utility pricing structures with true system costs, what will happen to the
rate-based subsidies helping to provide electricity to these financially
vulnerable consumers? With millions of Americans otherwise unable to afford
utility service, the answer to that question has real-world implications. This
article analyzes the intersection of grid modernization efforts and low-income
ratepayer assistance programs. It discusses the unique problems facing
low-income customers, and explores norms like "universal service" that underpin
utility regulation in general, and ratepayer assistance in particular.
Ultimately, this article proposes policy solutions to facilitate the goals of
both grid modernization and low-income ratepayer assistance. Only by tackling
this issue head-on can policymakers ensure that tomorrow's energy future will
look bright for all ratepayers - regardless of their income.


 TEXT:
 [*267]

   I. Introduction

 Electric utilities in the United States can no longer rely solely on producing
and selling kilowatts to generate revenue. The challenges facing these companies
today include: flattening electricity consumption, pressing resiliency and
security concerns, and rising demand for distributed energy resources (DER). In
addition to implementing standard system upgrades, utilities are being called to
integrate decentralized assets, facilitate customer generation and energy use
options, and invest in smarter grid technology - all while operating more
efficiently and with less carbon output.

   These realities are fundamentally changing the way that utilities will be
operated and regulated in the near future. Several states, like New York,
Minnesota, Massachusetts, California, and Hawaii, are investigating how to
prepare for and guide this evolution. At the forefront of these discussions are
important questions over how utility business models and rate structures must
change, as well as how tomorrow's electricity system will continue to deliver
affordable, reliable, and universal service.

   Under-examined throughout this process, however, is the concern of how this
grid evolution will impact the most vulnerable in our communities: low-income
ratepayers. Indeed, these changes raise a host of low-income consumer protection
issues from addressing stringent distributed energy financing rules n1 and the
landlord-tenant impediment to energy upgrades, n2 to ensuring cost containment
as  [*268]  smart metering enables new pricing structures. n3 This article
analyzes just one aspect of this multifaceted conundrum: how modern rate
structure reforms will likely impact low-income ratepayer assistance programs.
The goal is to explain this problem and provide a preliminary set of policy
solutions for industry members, stakeholders, and regulators. No single policy
will provide the answer for most states. However, using some of the suggestions
outlined in this article, in combination with an inclusive dialogue, we can
better ensure a more just and equitable outcome for low-income consumers in the
electricity system of tomorrow.

   To that end, this article proceeds as follows: Part II describes the chronic
"energy burden" weighing down low-income households, and explores the various
federal and state policies in place to lighten this load. Part III follows with
a brief discussion of the current set of challenges prompting grid modernization
efforts, and describes what implications those efforts present for low-income
ratepayers. With this background as context, Part IV lays out a series of policy
approaches that can help regulators and reformers address these concerns and
meet their intended objective: modernizing the electricity system while ensuring
affordable service, universal access, and equal participation for all
ratepayers.

   II. The Energy Burden Facing Low-Income Households and the Current State of
Assistance Programs

 To better understand the proposed grid reforms outlined in Part IV, it is
necessary to first set out the status quo for low-income households in the
United States today. This Part discusses the primary metric by which
"affordability" is often measured by utilities and regulators: the energy
burden. The second subsection addresses federal and state-level policies and
programs to help alleviate this burden.

   A. What Is the Energy Burden?

 According to the most recent data from the U.S. Census Bureau, 46.7 million
people were in poverty in the United States in 2014 - nearly 14.8% of the
population. n4 But those numbers tell only part of the story. Generally,
although each state and utility-run energy assistance program defines
"low-income" differently, most peg eligibility to certain thresholds at or up to
200% of the federal poverty level  [*269]  (FPL) - which brings the total of
people potentially eligible for low-income assistance programs in the United
States to around 106 million. n5

   In the context of energy assistance, many programs look to not only a
person's income in relation to the FPL but also his or her total "energy burden"
- that is, the percentage of a customer's income spent on energy. n6 According
to various sources, including the federal Energy Information Administration, n7
middle-income and high-income ratepayers have a 1-5% energy burden, whereas
low-income customers face burdens from 6-30% or more depending on the state. n8

   Sample State Comparison of Energy Burden and Number of Households in 2015
Broken down in Relation to the Federal Poverty Level

Fed. Pov. Level   Ohio         Arkansas     California      Texas
                  Burden       Burden       Burden          Burden
                  <abval1>     <abval1>     <abval1> People <abval1>
                  People       People                       People
Below 50%         30%  340,907 38%  90,651  25%  889,088    31%  652,395
50-100%           16%  391,315 20%  127,775 13%  1.16 mil.  16%  919,249
100-125%          11%  207,370 13%  69,004  9%   658,115    11%  494,789
125-150%          9%   208,736 11%  69,711  7%   648,586    9%   486,728
150-185%          7%   300,805 9%   93,978  6%   862,381    7%   650,634
185-200%          6%   125,281 8%   36,055  5%   335,906    6%   258,823
Total households  1,574,414    487,174      4,557,152       3,462,609

 Although the above table highlights only four states, it is clear that millions
of Americans struggle to pay their energy bills. Indeed, by some estimates, the
number of low-income households represents 28% of the $ 159 billion residential
energy market. n9 And the closer a household is to the FPL, the more onerous
that  [*270]  monthly energy bill is. As this problem is studied further, the
harsh realities facing low-income households come into clearer focus.

   1. The Majority of Low-income Households Include Vulnerable Members.

 According to the National Energy Assistance Directors' Association (NEADA), a
significant number of low-income households have at least one member who is
particularly reliant on electricity for temperature control or other
necessities. Based on a NEADA survey of 1,800 recipients of Low-Income Energy
Assistance Program (LIHEAP) n10 funding, 40% had someone age sixty or older, 72%
had a family member with a serious medical condition, 41% had a child under
eighteen and 21% with young children under five, and 42% were disabled. n11

   2. High Energy Burdens are Strongly Associated with Negative Health Impacts

 Numerous studies have established the link between energy unaffordability and
poor health outcomes. In particular, utility shutoffs, bill debt, and
inefficient weatherization have been linked to increased cases of pneumonia,
bronchitis, other illnesses, and hunger among low-income communities. n12 23% of
the NEADA survey respondents reported keeping their homes at unhealthy
temperatures in response to unaffordable utility bills; 33% used the kitchen
stove or oven for supplementary heat; and 24% stated they had gone without food
for at least one day. n13 Children are particularly at risk for a host of health
complications associated with high energy burdens, including carbon monoxide
poisoning, malnutrition, and cognitive and behavioral underdevelopment. n14

   3. Energy Insecure Households are Predominantly Southern and African
American.

 The racial and geographic disparities associated with high energy burdens are
also significant. Of the households facing high energy burdens, 18% are
Hispanic, 28% are white, and 49% are African American. n15 Likewise, 46% of
families with high energy burdens reside in the South, followed by the Midwest
at 22%, the Northeast with 17%, and the Northwest with 15%. n16

[*271]

   B. Current Policies and Programs to Assist Low-Income Households

 States and the federal government have various tools available to help reduce
the energy burden on low-income households. At the federal level, two important
initiatives are the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) and the
Weatherization Assistance Program (WAP) - both of which are federally-funded
grant programs administered in every state, the District of Columbia, as well as
most tribal reservations and U.S. territories. n17 At the state level, as a
result of a series of common law principles and regulatory norms, a primary
mechanism for assisting low-income ratepayers has become the utility rate
structure itself. As explored further in Part III, a likely consequence of the
grid modernization efforts underway today will be rate design reforms - a
prospect with negative financial implications for low-income ratepayers.

   1. Federal Level: LIHEAP and WAP

 In response to the steep increase in home heating oil following the oil
industry's decontrol and the 1979 Iranian Crisis, Congress passed the Home
Energy Assistance Act in 1980, and reauthorized it as the Low Income Home Energy
Assistance Program (LIHEAP) that next year. n18 In essence, LIHEAP is a
state-administered federal grant program providing targeted assistance to the
most vulnerable households. Although states have flexibility to allocate some
funds for weatherization and energy-related repairs, the bulk of the funds are
used to offset heating and cooling bills for qualifying households. n19 States
are allowed to set household income eligibility to the greater of either 150% of
the federal poverty level or 60% of the state median income. n20

   Since funding began, LIHEAP has become a critical lifeline for those with
"the lowest incomes and highest energy costs or needs in relation to income" - a
group of people that disproportionately includes young children, the elderly,
and individuals with disabilities. n21 However, since LIHEAP is not a mandatory
federal spending program like Social Security or Medicare, it is under constant
threat of underfunding.

   Due to budgetary constraints, LIHEAP funding has been cut considerably - from
$ 4.7 billion in 2011 to just over $ 3 billion for 2016 - which directly impacts
the number of recipients who can receive funding. n22 According to a December
2015 report by the Congressional Research Service, only about 22% of eligible
[*272]  households in 2012 actually received LIHEAP assistance that year. n23
This is not an anomaly. Historically, the program has only served about 15-20%
of eligible households in the United States, and only served 36% of eligible
households when funding first began in 1981. n24

   Second to LIHEAP, the next major source of federal dollars for low-income
ratepayers is the Weatherization Assistance Program (WAP). First created in
1976, WAP is a grant program derived from annual Congressional appropriations
and administered by the Department of Energy (DOE). n25 The DOE distributes this
grant funding to each state, territory, a number of tribes, and the District of
Columbia. These funds are then allocated to the respective recipient's local
weatherization agency to put toward weatherizing the homes of eligible
individuals - those with an income within 200% of the FPL. n26

   Aside from 2009-2013, which saw an unprecedented infusion of $ 5 billion in
funding through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, n27 since 2002, the
total WAP allocation has ranged between $ 204-242 million; n28 the total
allocation for 2016 is $ 213.8 million. States are allowed to allocate a small
portion of their LIHEAP grants toward WAP as well. n29 In addition, grant
recipients are also able to leverage DOE's allocations to acquire additional
funding from local utilities, state general funds, and public benefits funds.
n30

   In addition to improved health outcomes, the other benefits of home
weatherization include reduced utility bills for ratepayers, lower arrearages
for utilities, reduced reliance on LIHEAP and other subsidies, and improved
housing stock within the community. n31 Although the benefits to home
weatherization are significant, so is the extent of the weatherization problem
among the low-income community. Indeed, although WAP funding has allowed for
over 6 million homes to  [*273]  be weatherized since the program was created,
n32 there are over 40 million homes eligible for program funding. n33

   2. State Level: Underlying Principles Supporting Low-Income Ratepayer
Assistance

 State low-income assistance programs pick up where LIHEAP and WAP leave off.
The primary means through which low-income ratepayers receive financial help is
through favorable rate structures that provide below-cost rates through various
types of discount programs. These programs, explained further in the next
subsection, are grounded in principles that underpin both utility regulation in
general as well as public assistance programs in the United States.

   The philosophical and political roots of poverty assistance in the United
States stretch back to the English Poor Laws of the 1580s, but the concept
became a more formalized government policy in the years during and following the
Great Depression. n34 The idea of "public interest" regulation of electric
utilities has a much more recent history - one that is grounded in both the
belief that electricity is an essential service, and the traditional assumption
that such service can only be economically delivered by a single entity. n35 The
rationale for low-income ratepayer assistance, therefore, draws from both of
these histories, and in particular, from four subsidiary principles. These
principles form the basis of current low-income assistance programs and are the
animating forces behind the policy suggestions in Part IV of this article.

   a. Duty to Serve

 The duty to serve is one of the fundamental principles underpinning utility
regulation and dates back to English common law. n36 In essence, it operates as
a check on a monopoly utility's market control and ability to favor certain
customers. The duty obligates utilities to provide service to any member of the
public who resides in the utility's service area who has applied, and is willing
to pay, for  [*274]  service. n37 In contrast with other business enterprises,
utilities are obligated to serve both profitable and unprofitable clients within
their service territory. n38 Indeed, in some cases, utilities have been ordered
to extend their services to remote areas regardless of the fact that such a
requirement may result in a financial loss to the utility in the short-term. n39

   b. Duty of Non-Discrimination

 A common law outgrowth of the "duty to serve" is the utility's duty to provide
such service without undue discrimination. n40 According to this duty, public
utilities must treat all those within its franchise without arbitrary
discrimination and "to [the] extent of its capacity, serve all who apply, on
equal terms, as far as they are in [the] same class and similarly situated." n41
Low-income rate discounts - sometimes termed "lifeline" rates - have largely
withstood challenges under this common law duty. n42 This is due in part because
price differentiation does not necessarily amount to undue discrimination, n43
especially for customers that are often, although not exclusively, low users of
electricity services. n44 Other grounds have included broad recognition of
regulators' abilities to consider non-cost factors in approving rates. n45

   c. Universal Service/Access Requirement

 The concept of universal access has its roots in the equity principles central
to public assistance programs generally as well as in New Deal-era notions of
economic opportunity. n46 By the early twentieth century, electricity had spread
through most of America's cities, leaving much of the rural countryside without
the modern conveniences or industrial advancements attendant to electrification.
As the electricity gap widened so did the economic gap between urban and rural
[*275]  America. n47 The federal government responded by establishing the Rural
Electrification Administration and authorizing the new agency to make loans to
local governments, nonprofits, and farming cooperatives for purposes of
developing electricity infrastructure. n48 By the 1950s, electricity could be
delivered to almost any farm in the country. n49 Thanks in large part to the
success of rural electrification, the concept of affordable and universal access
to electricity has become a fundamental tenant of utility regulation and a
guiding principle for regulators. n50

   d. Ability-to-Pay Principle

 The ability-to-pay principle - a concept borrowed from tax policy - has also
influenced how utility rates are structured to assist low-income customers. n51
In the context of utility ratemaking, the principle is grounded in the notion
that electricity service is a necessity that should not be denied to low-income
individuals simply because they cannot pay the full cost of service. n52

   The four core ideas outlined above have endured through past evolutions of
the electricity sector. n53 Indeed, even as we enter a new phase of this
transition, at a time of reimagining old business models and regulatory
structures, regulators and stakeholders are invoking these principles as they
consider grid reforms. n54 The challenge, of course, will be to put words into
meaningful action, so that these principles can matter as much tomorrow as they
do today.

[*276]

   3. State Level: Rate-Based Low-Income Ratepayer Discount Programs

 In the context of low-income ratepayer assistance, the preceding principles and
policies are implemented in the utility rate structure through the state-level
utility ratemaking process. That process, and how it may be impacted by current
grid reform efforts, is discussed in Part III.B. What follows below is a brief
summary of the common types of low-income ratepayer discount programs, n55 which
along with low consumption-based rates, are sometimes referred to collectively
as "lifeline rates." n56 As explained in Subsection B, the costs for these
programs are funded through higher rates imposed on non-low-income ratepayers,
as well as through LIHEAP and any applicable state grants. n57

   a. Straight/Percentage of Bill Discount

 In a straight discount program, a certain percentage of the bill is cut from
the customer's total amount due. n58 For example, under a 20% straight discount
program, a low-income customer with a $ 40 monthly bill would see it reduced by
$ 8 to be a total of $ 32. In 1989, California's legislature enacted the
California Alternative Rate for Energy (CARE) program, which currently provides
a 30-35% electricity bill discount and 20% natural gas bill discount for
low-income customers. n59 Other states with straight discount programs include
Massachusetts, Alabama, Arizona, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine,
Maryland, and Rhode Island. n60 As of this writing, Texas is phasing-out its
"Lite-up Texas" straight discount program, with the process to finish by the end
of 2016. n61

   b. Percentage of Income Payment Plan (PIPP)

 Unlike the straight discount, which is applied equally to low-income customers'
bills regardless of the energy burden severity, the PIPP provides more targeted
[*277]  assistance. The first PIPPs were instituted by Ohio, followed by
Pennsylvania, n62 and Illinois. n63 Under this discount scheme regulators set an
affordable energy burden and program administrators look at a household's annual
income to calculate the monthly bill. For example, if regulators set a 5% energy
burden, and a household earns $ 15,000 annually, the total energy bill would be
$ 750 for the year or $ 62.50 per month. Energy costs beyond that $ 750 yearly
total are covered by available state or LIHEAP funds first, then other
ratepayers - although some states apply those arrears once the customer leaves
the PIPP. n64

   c. Fixed Credit Model

 This is a PIPP variation that is utilized by New Jersey and Maine. n65 First, a
PIPP is determined the same way as above, but in order for the discount to
apply, the household's actual utility bill must be over a certain threshold. The
discount only applies to cover any amount that exceeds that threshold. n66

   d. Tiered Discount

 Tiered discount models, like those implemented in Indiana and New Hampshire,
offer varying percentage discounts depending on the low-income customer's income
level. Thus, the closer a ratepayer is to the federal poverty line, the deeper
the discount into their utility bill. n67 The advantage of this method is that
it attempts to arrive at an affordable rate for each "tier" of low-income users.
In its May 2016 Order on low-income affordability programs, the New York Public
Service Commission rejected a straight discount approach in favor of a tiered
approach in which low-income ratepayer discounts vary based on income level (as
demonstrated by the ratepayer's receipt of certain public assistance benefits).
n68

   e. Consumption-Based Discounts

 This type of model works in a similar fashion to an inclining block rate. n69
Under a consumption-based discount, as a low-income customer's use increases,
the discount is reduced. n70 Unlike the tiered discount approach, however,
consumption-based discounts are pegged to usage, not affordability. Thus, a low-
[*278]  income ratepayer could be a lower user, garnering a significant discount
as a result, but it may not be enough to bring that ratepayer to an affordable
energy burden. n71

   f. Other Program Types

 In addition to rate designs, this encourages conservation and rewards
low-usage, and the discount programs mentioned above, there are also several
other kinds of ratepayer-funded low-income assistance programs. Every state, for
instance, has a weatherization program to receive and distribute WAP grants (and
often supplement with additional ratepayer funding). n72 States like Maryland,
New Jersey, Ohio, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, and Missouri offer
varieties of arrearage forgiveness to low-income ratepayers. n73 In addition,
many states institute set bill amounts ("budget billing") during severe fuel
hikes or extreme weather. n74 Like the above rate discounts and any below-cost
rates offered to low-income/low-using customers, these programs are primarily
funded by other ratepayers through their rates or other bill surcharges.

   4. State-Level Example: New York Public Service Commission's May 2016 Order

 One state leading the way on improving ratepayer-funded low-income customer
assistance programs is New York. In January 2015, the New York Public Service
Commission (NYPSC) opened a docket "to standardize utility low income programs
to reflect best practices where appropriate, streamline the regulatory process,
and ensure consistency with the Commission's statutory and policy objectives."
n75 After input from numerous stakeholders, utilities, academics, as well as
Commission staff, the Commission issued a final Order on May 20, 2016. n76 While
the Order is an excellent first step toward fully funding low-income assistance
programs, it does not address how rate structure reforms could impact this
effort and what could be done in response - an inquiry that the Commission may
be reserving for its Reforming the Energy Vision (REV) proceeding.

   NYPSC's low-income order is notable for several reasons. First, the
Commission established an "affordability block" rate for low-income customers
aimed at reducing the energy burden for low-income ratepayers to a 6% target - a
vast improvement from the 9%-41% burden currently weighing down most low-income
New Yorkers. n77 Second, to reach that goal the Commission committed to
allocating an additional $ 248 million to low-income discount program budgets in
future rate cases, an increase of around 87%. n78 Third, the Commission adopted
a proposal pushed by consumer advocates and directed staff to work with other
state  [*279]  agencies to create an inter-agency task force to synthesize the
various policies, programs, and agency agendas related to low-income assistance.
n79 Fourth, and relatedly, the Commission recognized the need to consider these
issues, and revise its Order as necessary, as its REV and other related dockets
progress. n80

   The NYPSC low-income order is a significant development in the intersection
of low-income and grid reform efforts. However, the order fails to break new
ground in that it seeks to meet the 6% low-income energy burden target
primarily, but not exclusively, through rate-based subsidies. n81 In response to
suggestions for alternate funding sources, such as some of those outlined in
Part IV of this article, the Commission dismissed them as ""one-shot' solutions,
where continual funding for these programs is needed." n82 Left unaddressed,
though, was a discussion of how the rate structure reforms contemplated in the
Commission's REV proceeding might impact the additional program funding
established in the low-income order.

   Regulators in New York and elsewhere have not yet addressed the problem that
rate structure modernization poses to low-income ratepayer assistance programs.
The remainder of this article directly addresses this question and sets out some
policy solutions that can indeed help ensure the "continual funding" of these
important programs.

   III. The Evolving Electricity System and its Implications for Low-Income
Ratepayers

 Despite federal and state funding for low-income assistance, there are still
many overburdened households in the United States - a reality that makes its own
case for why more funding avenues are needed. This issue becomes yet more urgent
when considering the fundamental changes underway in the U.S. electricity system
today and the additional system costs they may impose. This Part summarizes
these changes and explains their implications for low-income ratepayers, setting
the stage for the next Part's discussion of potential policy solutions.

   A. Challenges Facing the U.S. Electricity System

 Generally speaking, the drivers for change can be broken down into at least
four broad, but often interrelated, categories: flattening electricity demand;
older generator retirements; environmental constraints; and disruptive
technologies. n83

[*280]

   1. Flattening Electricity Demand

 Compared to the near 10% annual electricity growth in the 1950s, the past
decade has seen a much reduced 0.5% annual growth rate. n84 Indeed, for the
fifth time in the last eight years and in spite of growth in the residential and
commercial sectors - total U.S. electricity sales have declined. n85 This has
major implications for traditionally-regulated electric utilities which derive
their revenues from electricity sales and large-scale investments in
centrally-located power production facilities and related transmission
infrastructure. n86

   2. Retirements of Older, Less Competitive, Generation Units

 Over the course of 2015, 18 GW of electric generator capacity was retired - 80%
of which was coal-fired. n87 The EIA projects that from 2012 to 2020 there will
be upwards of 60 GW of coal-plat retirements, n88 roughly equivalent to thirty
Hoover Dams. n89 Many nuclear energy generators are also struggling to stay open
- and at least four plants have closed since 2013. n90 The majority of these
coal and nuclear facility closures are due to low-cost competition from natural
gas in restructured wholesale markets, n91 although, as discussed below, coal
plants also face additional economic constraints due to environmental regulatory
costs. n92

[*281]

   3. Increasing Environmental Compliance Costs

 To illustrate how environmental regulations impact the coal-fired power sector:
about 30% of the total coal-fired power plant closures in 2015 occurred in April
the same month that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) Mercury and
Air Toxics Standards (MATS) rule came into force. n93 The EPA's Clean Power Plan
- as of this writing, temporarily stayed by the Supreme Court, pending judicial
review - is also expected to lead to more plant closures, if it goes into
effect. n94 While these closures mean that the grid's overall fuel mix is
getting cleaner, they also spell financial trouble for many U.S. utilities with
extensive coal-fired generation fleets.

   4. Disruptive New Technologies

 Facilitated by declining costs, assistance from third-party servicers, and
favorable state policies, customers are more empowered than ever to take control
of their energy consumption and grid interaction. n95 However, not everyone
comes out a winner in this new world of customer choice. When middle and
upper-income ratepayers install rooftop solar, they may unwittingly shift their
share of fixed system costs onto those unable to self-generate. n96 Furthermore,
this combination of efficiency measures and disruptive technology is chipping
away at utilities' revenues, with a potential to create a $ 48 billion shortfall
by 2025. n97

   In light of the above shifts taking place in the electric sector, some
regulators, utilities, and stakeholders in various states have begun considering
reforms. A few of the leading efforts are New York state with its commission-led
REV docket, n98 Minnesota's stakeholder-driven e21 initiative, n99 various
dockets open  [*282]  before the California Public Utility Commission, n100
Commissions in Hawaii, n101 and Massachusetts. n102 These efforts emphasize
various policy solutions from innovative utility business model like in New
York's REV proceeding or California's recent foray into distribution-level
planning. One common thread connecting all these reform efforts, however, is a
fundamental reexamination of the utility rate structure - which is the primary
vehicle through which low-income ratepayers receive subsidies for their
electricity use.

   B. Implications for Low-Income Ratepayers: Reduced Financial Assistance

 To understand how reforms to utility rate structures may adversely impact
low-income ratepayers, it is important to first briefly summarize the ratemaking
process itself. It begins with setting the utility's revenue requirement - the
amount of money from ratepayers that the utility needs to collect to cover its
costs and make an adequate return on investment. n103 Next, that revenue
requirement is allocated among the various customer classes, which is often done
based on factors including: how many customers are in a particular class, their
usage of the system during peak demand times (when energy is most expensive),
and the total amount of energy each class uses. Common class breakdowns are
along the lines of residential, commercial, and industrial users, but states
have many other types of designations. n104 After each customer class is
allocated its portion of the utility's total revenue requirement, the final
ratemaking question becomes how to collect that money from ratepayers - an
inquiry known as rate design. For residential customers, the answer to this last
question is manifested in their monthly bill, which typically sets out fixed
charges and energy charges (usually on a per kilowatt-hour basis). n105 However,
beyond using the ratemaking process solely as a means to keep utilities
financially viable, regulators also use this process to effectuate certain
policy goals. n106

    [*283]
 Without the ability to implement widespread residential time-sensitive pricing
until more recently, the inclining block rate design has been seen as the next
best rate structure to promote the dual social goals of energy conservation and
low-income ratepayer assistance. n107 Through this structure, energy becomes
more expensive once a customer's usage passes a certain threshold. In comparison
to flat rates and declining block rates, in which, respectively, energy costs
stay the same or become cheaper beyond a certain threshold, an inclining block
rate encourages consumers to be prudent in their energy use.

   From the perspective of rate reform advocates, the inclining block structure
raises two problems. First, it may not be the most ideal policy for targeting
low-income customers so much as low-usage customers, many of whom may not
necessarily be low-income. n108 As such, usage-based rates may be
over-inclusive, thereby diverting resources away from low-income customers who
are not low energy users - because of poor home weatherization, large household
size, or other factors - and applying them to low-usage customers who do not
require subsidization. As smart metering technology improves, however, it may be
possible to better identify low-income customers in other higher-use residential
classes and target assistance accordingly.

    [*284]  A second concern raised by rate reform advocates regarding the
inclining block structure is that it does not adhere to principles of modern
rate design. n109 In particular, this rate structure neither represents the true
costs of serving customers nor the benefits that customers may provide to the
grid in return. n110 By increasing non-low-income rates to accommodate
low-income subsidies, the cost of energy for non-low-income customers is
artificially high. Thus, as grid reformers seek to better align rates with true
system costs, the cross-subsidies that provide low-income customers with cheap
power and other assistance will be reduced.

   One example of this reality playing out in real time is in California. In
July 2015, after three years of evidentiary hearings and deliberations, the
California Public Utility Commission (CPUC) issued a landmark order
transitioning residential customers from a four-tier to a two-tier rate
structure and setting out a path toward default time-of-use (TOU) retail rates
by 2019. n111 According to the Commission and the state's three main utilities,
California's original four-tiered structure was over-charging higher using
residential consumers to make lower-usage residential customers' bills less
expensive. n112 The Commission determined that the Order was necessary not only
to reduce this inequity but also to better align rates with true system use for
all customers - the sine qua non of modern rate design. n113 Although the CPUC
deferred a decision on raising fixed monthly charges, practically speaking, as a
result of this "tier-flattening," all residential customers will likely see
their electricity bills increase in California. As illustrated in the graphic on
this page, this increase will include low-income customers who qualify for lower
CARE rates. n114

[*285]

   Illustration of PG&E's former 4-Tier and proposed 2-Tier Rate Structure
(volumetric component)


 California is just the beginning. As other states modernize their rate
structures - bringing rates into alignment with the true costs of utility
service - ratepayer-subsidized low-income assistance programs will face revenue
shortfalls. For a society that cleaves to the common law duties of service and
non-discrimination as well as the ability-to-pay and universal service
principles, this prospect creates a dilemma.

   IV. Protecting Low-Income Ratepayers as the Electricity System Evolves

 As the electricity system evolves, separate consideration must be made for how
to help low-income customers with this transition. Because these ratepayers
already carry a significantly higher energy burden than other customers, they
are particularly vulnerable to rising costs and to the rate structure reforms
contemplated in most grid modernization processes active today. The question
becomes, then: as these electricity system reforms proceed, what policies can be
implemented to complement the overarching goals of these reforms, while also
protecting low-income customers? As with many public policy problems, the
solution primarily boils down to money. Thus, the following sections discuss
alternative revenue sources and other policy solutions to address funding
shortfalls that may occur as rate structure redesigns reduce cross-subsidies for
low-income assistance programs.

   A. Expanding the Budgets or Mandates of Existing Grant-Based Programs

 One relatively straightforward way to offer stronger protections for low-income
customers is to expand existing state or federal grant-based programs. n115 As
[*286]  noted previously, federal programs like LIHEAP and the Weatherization
Assistance Program already exist to assist low-income ratepayers. Some states
also have grant programs, or public benefit funds (discussed below) to provide
direct ratepayer assistance to low-income communities. n116 Despite the need
across the country for more home energy assistance funding, these programs are
chronically underfunded, so one analytically simple, albeit politically
difficult, solution would be for Congress or the states to expand their budgets.
Likewise, budgets could be expanded for existing energy-related loan-guarantee
and grant programs administered by the U.S. Departments of Energy and
Agriculture. These programs can already be used to benefit low-income ratepayers
with little to no modification. n117

   In addition to budgets, the mandates of LIHEAP, WAP, and other federal and
state programs could also be broadened to facilitate greater low-income
ratepayer participation in DER and energy efficiency measures. n118 For example,
the Department of Agriculture Rural Development Office has several grant
programs relating to energy-development or health and safety-related
home-retrofit projects. But these energy-development programs do not target
low-income customers, nor do the health and safety-related programs recognize
the link between energy affordability and health outcomes. n119 By making slight
adjustments to these program mandates, their core purposes could be preserved
while providing greater assistance to low-income individuals.

   B. Increasing or Modifying the Use of Public Benefit Funds

 In the early to mid-1990s, when some states considered whether to open their
electricity sectors to retail competition, organized wholesale markets, or both,
questions arose about what effect these actions might have on in-state
low-income ratepayers. n120 The animating concern at the time was that certain
"public benefits" programs traditionally paid for through the ratemaking process
would either be  [*287]  left unaddressed or insufficiently funded as wholesale
and retail competition became more common. As a result, many of these states
established Public Benefit Funds (PBFs), n121 and funded them primarily through
monthly surcharges on non-low-income customer bills. This is similar to how
telephone bills for low-income households are subsidized through a "Universal
Service Fund" surcharge on non-low-income telephone customers. n122 Typically,
PBF surcharges are set on a mills per kilowatt hour (kWh), with 1.0 mill being
the equivalent of $ 0.001, or one tenth of one cent. n123 The funds generated
from this surcharge are then allocated to various "public benefits" programs,
which can include renewable energy development, energy efficiency investments,
and low-income ratepayer assistance. n124

   Currently, thirty states and the District of Columbia have some form of a
PBF. n125 This mechanism, however, is not necessarily restricted to states with
restructured electricity markets, nor is it primarily funded solely by utility
surcharges. n126 Several states at least partially fund their PBFs through
previous settlement agreements with local utilities n127 or through other
market-based sources like Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative carbon emission
auction revenues. n128

   The versatility of Public Benefits Funds, and ease at which they can be
incorporated into the existing regulatory scheme through a surcharge are
appealing features of this policy. Furthermore, even though PBF surcharges
technically represent the sort of rate-based cross-subsidization eschewed by
modern rate design advocates, they are only a very small portion of a
ratepayer's bill, such as $ 0.000361/kWh in the case of Washington D.C.'s
Residential Aid Discount surcharge. n129 Although many PBFs are earmarked for
renewable energy development  [*288]  and efficiency policies, n130 several
state PBFs allocate funds to low-income assistance programs, including
California, the District of Columbia, Maine, New York, Oregon, Texas, and
Vermont, among others. n131

   Using a PBF surcharge as a substitutionary funding tool for lost
cross-subsidies would bring benefits and challenges. On the plus side, most
states are already familiar with this kind of surcharge, so it would be
administratively straightforward to set up and increase as needed. On the
down-side, even though PBF surcharges are a relatively small line-item on a
utility customer's bill, they nonetheless have the potential to distort price
signals and discourage distributed generation or conservation the more they are
exclusively relied upon to fund assistance programs. A further challenge would
be the near-certain pushback from other ratepayers, especially high-users.
However, a PBF surcharge could be creatively established to lessen the burden on
any one class of rate payers. For example, Illinois levies lower PBF surcharges
on residential customers than larger commercial and industrial accounts. n132
Michigan funds its low-income assistance programs through a PBF surcharge as
well as through savings associated with securitization bonds associated with
paying off stranded utility assets. n133

   C. Carve-out Proceeds from Different Markets

 As rate structure reforms potentially threaten rate-based subsidies for
low-income customers, regulators could turn to other market-based opportunities
to replace or supplement these funds. This subsection explores some current
examples of this kind of action, as well as sets out some other emerging market
opportunities that regulators can consider tapping into.

[*289]

   1. Cap-and-Trade Auction or Carbon Tax Revenues

 Two of the most commonly-cited methods for reducing greenhouse gases,
especially carbon dioxide (CO<2>), are cap-and-trade schemes and carbon taxes.
Although both policies operate differently, they both essentially put a price
tag on carbon emissions - the revenue from which can be earmarked for certain
uses. Two notable examples of this method are the Northeast's Regional
Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI) and California's cap-and-trade program. Since
RGGI began in 2003, it has appropriated over $ 1 billion toward energy
improvements in its nine member states, including low-income weatherization and
efficiency projects. n134 In California, since CO<2> permit auctions began in
2012, over $ 912 million in auction revenues have been allocated to communities
in need. n135 Indeed, by law, at least 25% of total climate fund investments
must be spent on projects that benefit disadvantaged communities. n136 Provided
that the EPA's Clean Power Plan survives legal challenge, the cap-and-trade
model of carbon regulation may find favor among states looking to meet their
emission limits, thereby opening another continual funding source for low-income
ratepayer assistance.

   2. Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Development

 As America's vehicle fleet becomes more electrified, supportive infrastructure
will need to come online to accommodate this new demand. Seeing a new revenue
opportunity, utilities have grown eager to get into the electric vehicle (EV)
infrastructure space, n137 with regulators reluctant to go along at the expense
of fostering competition with third-parties. Although the EV market is still
nascent, state legislatures and public utility commissions in Oregon,
Washington, Illinois, Kansas, and Kentucky are strongly considering the
utility's role in EV infrastructure development. n138 Another notable example is
California, whose PUC in 2014 reversed a multi-year ban on utility EV
infrastructure ownership to allow such projects on a case-by-case basis. n139
Rather than stifling this market opportunity, regulators could approve utility
EV infrastructure ownership on the condition that a portion of the revenues
generated from such projects go to fund low-income assistance programs.

[*290]

   3. Highway Right of Way Development

 Highway rights of way present additional opportunities for siting renewable
energy projects. These areas tend to be located close to existing energy
infrastructure and encompass otherwise-undeveloped or underutilized sidewalks,
corridors, shoulders, and rest areas adjacent to highway traffic lanes. n140
Roadside solar PV projects have been used more extensively in Europe and Canada,
but several states are beginning to tap into this potential as well. n141 In
2008, the state of Oregon partnered with Portland General Electric to develop
the nation's first roadside solar project: a 594-panel, ground-mounted 104-kW
solar array system, with a second, 1.75MW, solar roadside system completed in
2012. n142 States like Colorado, Ohio, Texas, Massachusetts, Utah, and North
Carolina are either developing or conducting feasibility studies on solar, wind,
and bioenergy projects along highway rights of way. n143 As renewable energy
technologies mature, and electricity systems and rate structures evolve to
accommodate and appropriately value these new systems, the potential for
roadside applications will likely become more attractive to utilities and
third-parties. As with the other market opportunities in this subsection,
regulators can leverage this interest for the public's benefit by allowing
access to these new market opportunities according to certain conditions. For
instance, project developers could carve-out funds from power sales or ancillary
services revenue to go toward low-income assistance programs; developers could
provide direct service to low-income communities around such projects (if
cost-effective); or the state could essentially charge the developers rent to
use the right of way. Those rental fees could then be allocated to aid
low-income ratepayers.

   4. Leveraging Utility and Third-Party Interest in DER Project Development

 There is already considerable interest from utilities and third-parties with
regard to DER development. In an evolved electricity system that values the
grid-benefits of DER, the current untapped potential for such resource
development within low-income communities will also become a promising
opportunity. Indeed, with an estimated 48% of U.S. businesses and 49% of
households unable to support PV infrastructure, there is tremendous potential
in, for example, shared renewables projects to equalize access and deepen market
growth for this sector. n144 According to a report from the National Renewable
Energy Laboratory, with supportive state and federal policies, community solar
projects could represent 35%-49% of the residential PV market by 2020, which
would translate to 5.5-11.0GW  [*291]  of cumulative deployment by 2020 and
represent $ 8.2-$ 16.3 billion in investments. n145

   Regulators can leverage current interest in DER development in two ways.
First, they can condition access to desirable markets on the interested party's
promise to either directly serve low-income communities or offset their
low-income customers' bills according to revenue generated from the project.
Colorado and California have taken similar approaches with their community solar
laws, which, respectively, require utilities to reserve a percentage of project
shares for low-income subscribers and locate a portion of such projects within
"disadvantaged communities" including those "with socioeconomic vulnerability."
n146

   Second, regulators can restrict ownership of DER to only those projects
located in under-served communities. The NYPSC took this latter approach with
regard to incumbent utilities in its Track One REV Order. Concerned about the
market power implications of utility ownership of DER resources, the NYPSC
largely restricted such access to four exceptions: (1) if "procurement of DER
has been solicited to meet a system need, and a utility has demonstrated that
competitive alternatives proposed by nonutility parties are clearly inadequate
or more costly than a traditional utility infrastructure alternative;" (2) if
the project consists of distribution-level energy storage; (3) if the project
"will enable low or moderate income residential customers to benefit from DER
where markets are not likely to satisfy the need;" and (4) if the DER project is
for demonstration purposes. n147

   5. As-Yet Unrealized Market Opportunities

 The above-mentioned opportunities are only a sample of what may be available.
Indeed, as the NYPSC staff noted in an April 2014 report at the early stages of
REV, there are numerous currently non-monetized benefits that distributed
resources provide to electricity systems and the public. These include: certain
ancillary services; reliability (in the absence of performance contracts);
resource diversity; certain environmental impacts; economic development
opportunities; community development; and housing improvements. n148 Outside
DER, weatherization programs also generate a number of non-energy benefits for
ratepayers, their households, and society at large. These include fewer doctor
and emergency  [*292]  room visits, and hospitalizations, and improved physical
and mental health outcomes generally. n149 To the extent that policy and rate
structures evolve to value these currently un-monetized benefits, new revenue
streams can be opened and partially diverted to assist low-income ratepayers.
n150

   D. Advancing DER Development and Weatherization in Low-Income Communities

 DER development and weatherization programs within low-income households are
useful tools for both offsetting energy bills and also facilitating greater
involvement in today's evolving electricity system. n151 Low-income ratepayers
face numerous barriers to DER participation, including: high up-front costs to
ownership, strict credit rating requirements for leasing arrangements, n152 and
in the case of rooftop solar, either no rooftop access (such as with rentals),
or insufficient structural integrity to support rooftop installations. n153
Absent rate and regulatory reforms to make low-income DER installations
profitable outright for utilities or third-party providers, other options must
become available to finance, or otherwise ensure, this development.

   1. Financing and Other Mechanisms for Low-Income DER and Home Weatherization

 This subsection notes some of the actions taken by states, private
institutions, and individuals to address DER access and energy cost disparities
within low-income communities. Such actions are all in addition to other federal
initiatives through the EPA and Department of Housing and Urban Development to
boost  [*293]  wind and solar development in low-income communities. n154 The
EPA is also developing a detailed summary of initiatives by states, local
agencies, non-profits, and utilities to help low-income communities improve
their energy efficiency and access to renewable energy resources. n155

   a. Public-Private Partnerships.

 At a time of constrained government resources, the public-private partnership
(P3) model is gaining renewed interest among those concerned about addressing
the needs of America's electricity system in particular, and infrastructure in
general. n156 These contractual arrangements allow governments and private
actors to combine their resources and expertise to finance, develop, construct,
operate, or own infrastructure assets. n157 From expanding affordable housing
access, n158 and improving municipal recycling and waste management, n159 to
working on next-generation batteries and other technology, n160 public-private
partnerships have become a common tool for governments to leverage public funds
and capitalize on the experience and skills of the private sector.

   The P3 model has already proven effective as a state and federally led policy
to drive distributed generation integration in low-income communities. For
example, as part of California's Go Solar initiative, the California Energy
Commission's New Solar Homes Partnership, which provides incentives for solar
installations on new home constructions, has already provided $ 23 million in
incentives  [*294]  for 883 low-income homes. n161 This also translates to 7.69
MW of electricity back to the grid. n162 More recently, public housing
developments have become the target of DER projects. In December 2015, Goldman
Sachs partnered with the Housing Authority of the City of Newark to provide $ 84
million to finance energy efficiency projects in over 6,000 rental homes - the
largest such project to date, with the potential to impact 10,000 low-income
Newark residents. n163 The Burbank California Housing Authority and non-profit
solar installer PV4All, partnered to install rooftop solar, storage, inverters,
and other smart technology in several of the Authority's housing units. n164
These resources are networked together through an intelligent energy management
system and controllable by PV4All. As the owner and aggregator of all these
resources, PV4All is able to provide distribution and transmission services like
curtailment, ramping, and voltage control - all of which redound to the benefit
of the Burbank Housing residents who receive reduced energy bills as a result.
n165

   b. Tax Incentives, Tax-Based Financing, and On-Bill Financing

 There are a number of incentives and financing mechanisms to help spur project
development. These include state and local tax policies like Property Assessed
Clean Energy (PACE), Tax Increment Financing (TIF), and the federal New Market
Tax Credit (NMTC). Under a PACE model, up-front costs for certain energy-related
projects are provided by state or local governments and are paid back through an
increased property tax assessment over the course of fifteen to twenty years.
n166 Through the TIF model, state and local governments can attract economic
developers by earmarking future property tax increases that are the result of
economic and community development in a particular area. For its part, the NMTC
provides federal tax credits to individuals and businesses that invest in
"Community Development Entities" - which in turn make investments in low-income
communities, much like a community development financial institution (CDFI).
n167 In addition to tax-based incentives and financing structures,
customer-sited DER (or energy efficiency) projects can get a boost through
on-bill financing, in which the upfront costs are provided by the utility and
then gradually paid  [*295]  back by the customer through their bill. n168 These
are just some of the state and federal policies available to use individually or
in tandem with other solutions mentioned here to spur economic and energy
development in financially struggling communities and help reduce the energy
burden of lower-income customers.

   c. Green Banks, CDFIs, and Impact Investors

 States are helping to finance renewable resource project developments through
grants or through quasi-public and non-profit institutions like Green Banks and
Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs). These institutions are
then able to provide low-interest loans to targeted communities - like
low-income ratepayers - who might not qualify for traditional financial
assistance. n169 Funds for these programs can come from numerous sources, such
as general tax funds, PBF surcharges on utility customers, or even through some
of the other revenue sources suggested throughout this Part. Similarly, private
institutions, families, or individual investors interested in advancing
low-income DER development can often get directly involved as impact investors
for such projects. n170

   2. Non-Profit or Government Development DER Within Low-income Communities

 Much like with the urban and rural electrification disparity of the early
twentieth century, the "electrical divide" in the United States between
lower-income and higher-income households, with regard to DER and clean tech
access, is becoming ever more apparent. n171 Beyond concerns of universal
service, though, low-income communities suffer financially when they are denied
equitable access to DER when these resources can provide cost-effective power or
otherwise offset their utility bills. Where utilities or third-party providers
fail to address the need for cost-effective DER development within low-income
communities, a backstop option could be establishing a separate non-profit or
government entity to undertake such projects.

[*296]

   a. Non-Profit Development: Urban Electric Cooperatives

 In areas where DER development within low-income communities fails to entice
profit-motivated utilities and third party providers, such development could be
undertaken by non-profit entities. One emerging model in this vein is the urban
electric cooperative. Patterned off the cooperatives that electrified rural
America in the early twentieth century, n172 the urban electric cooperative
model emerged as a twenty-first century response to cost concerns stemming from
electric sector deregulation in the late 1990s and early 2000s. n173 In 1997, a
group of New York City housing cooperatives formed the first urban electric
cooperative, 1st Rochdale Cooperative Group Ltd. n174 Initially imagined as a
comprehensive energy demand aggregator and manager, the 1st Rochdale Cooperative
eventually recognized other cost-savings opportunities through distributed
generation development in addition to taking on more conservation and efficiency
measures. n175 Despite the innovative approach taken by 1st Rochdale, the urban
electric cooperative model failed to find popularity, possibly due to the
then-high cost of distribution-side resources.

   As the economics of demand response and distributed generation technologies
continue to improve, however, urban electric cooperatives are emerging again as
potential solutions for underserved communities. Indeed, such a model was the
centerpiece of a recent proposal to "NY Prize" - a New York state initiative to
spur grid modernization and resiliency through microgrid development. The
proposal, "Beyond the Grid Community Microgrid," seeks to establish a non-profit
urban microgrid that uses a variety of generation, storage, and other DER to
serve three public schools, a community center, pharmacy, supermarket, and
several apartment buildings in parts of Manhattan's East Village that were
adversely affected by Hurricane Sandy. n176

   Much like how rural cooperatives were initially financed through REA loans,
their urban counterparts could likewise seek funding through grant programs or
revenues generated from power purchase agreements or selling other grid
services. For example, the Beyond the Grid Community Microgrid would rely in
part on NY Prize grant money and PPAs with the New York City Housing Authority.
n177 In addition, because its distributed generation assets would be "qualifying
facilities" under the federal Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act, the
microgrid would also be able to sell power to ConEdison under the utility's
Buy-Back Service. n178  [*297]  By securing such funding sources, this
reemerging model could serve as a useful tool in the broader effort to bring
equitable and cost-effective DER solutions to low-income communities. n179

   b. Government Development

 Just as the federal government prioritized electrification to foster rural
economic development, so too could the federal or state governments directly
intervene to develop energy resources in help low-income communities. As seen in
past efforts to develop certain natural resources or business opportunities,
such government intervention could be done on either a permanent or
transitionary basis.

   Examples of the first approach include the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA)
and the Bonneville Power Administration (BPA). Although they each have different
mandates - TVA as a vertically-integrated generator, transmitter and distributor
of electricity, n180 BPA as a federal power marketer n181 - they each operate as
self-sustaining businesses. n182 Like other similar federal agencies, they also
prioritize their power sales to non-profit publicly-owned utilities, such as
municipally-owned utilities and cooperatives. n183 A state-level example of
government resource development is the New York Power Authority's Niagara Power
Project, which was authorized by Congress in 1957 to develop and distribute
power from the Niagara River, and which also gives preference to publicly-owned
utilities and cooperatives. n184

   The second government-led approach would be for the state or federal
government to initially develop the DER potential within certain low-income
communities and then transition project ownership and maintenance to the local
utility or other third-parties once those assets become profitable and the
market has matured.  [*298]  An example of this model at the federal level is
the Consolidated Rail Corporation (Conrail), which was created by Congress in
1974 to rehabilitate Northeast and Midwest freight and passenger rail traffic
following the bankruptcies of six major northeastern railroad companies from
1967-1972. n185 After nearly $ 8 billion in federal dollars, and following
railroad deregulation through the 1980 Staggers Rail Act, n186 Conrail became
profitable again in 1981, and by 1983 had become the fourth largest freight
hauler in the United States. n187 Although the government only received around $
2 billion from Conrail's initial public offering in 1987, the venture's
achievement lies primarily in the fact that the Northeast's rail system, and its
economy to a large degree, were preserved. n188

   Implementing either of the two government-led models would involve similar
considerations. First, because the Federal Power Act (FPA) restricts the federal
government's authority to only wholesale sales of electricity and interstate
transmission, n189 the best approach for establishing a federal agency to
develop distribution-level resources would be for Congress to pass separate
statutory authority with a broader Commerce Clause finding, similar to the
approach taken by the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978. n190
States could more easily establish a separate government entity since the FPA
places distribution-level development and retail sales under their jurisdiction.
n191

   The second consideration is the matter of under what "mandates" this new
state or federal agency would operate. Just as natural waterways create the
potential to harvest hydroelectric power, so too is there energy potential on
residential and commercial rooftops, brownfield sites, and other locations
predominately located in low-income areas. As a result, the primary mandate of a
newly-created  [*299]  government agency could be to directly serve low-income
customers if cost-effective, n192 or otherwise ensure that they receive the
financial benefit of any power or grid services sold to utilities or into
wholesale markets.

   E. The Role of Charitable Donations

 Another avenue for supplementing low-income ratepayer assistance programs is
through donations from other ratepayers, utilities, or businesses. Many
utilities today offer their customers the ability to make one-time or recurring
donations on their utility bills. n193 Others have online forms that customers
can fill out to donate. n194 A few utilities make it even easier: for example,
texting "SHARE" to 27722 will automatically donate $ 5 to a needy New York state
customer through ConEdison's EnergyShare fuel fund, n195 while texting "LIGHT"
to 20222 will send that same amount to someone in California through SoCal
Edison's Energy Assistance Fund. n196

   These donation programs reap multiple benefits: first and foremost, to the
low-income recipients, but also to the individuals and businesses in the form of
tax-deductible donations, sometimes matched dollar-for-dollar by the utility.
n197 A utility can leverage its own charitable donations and increase its
profile within a community by raising awareness on social media or publicizing
additional matching-fund challenges. Such was the approach of Columbia Gas of
Pennsylvania, which pledged a donation for every new "like" or "follow" on the
company's social media throughout February 2015 - a campaign that raised $ 7,000
for the Red Cross, while also giving the utility a dedicated audience for the
emergency preparedness tips it shared online. n198

   By giving to local fuel funds in particular - non-profits that assist with
bill-paying - utilities can write-off their contributions as charitable
donations and see that same money flow back as cash payments at times when bills
are most difficult to collect from low-income households: peak summer and peak
winter periods. n199 Although no money is made in this transaction, the utility
and its shareholders benefit when the number of outstanding accounts receivables
is reduced. n200 With  [*300]  corporations able to expense up to 10% of their
taxable income as charitable gifts, this could be a powerful, if intermittent,
funding mechanism for the most vulnerable ratepayers.

   With more products and services coming online and billing practices becoming
more sophisticated as the grid evolves, additional avenues open for tapping into
customers' charitable dispositions. For instance, customers in some places can
already donate their solar energy net metering credits to institutions like
churches and schools. n201 With smart technologies to accurately quantify
customer-side generation, modern rate designs to appropriately value those
services, and the right organizations to connect with needy customers, donating
to low-income ratepayers could become even more streamlined and impactful.

   F. Preserving Protections Within Rate-Structures, Even as they Evolve

 As seen in the California Public Utility Commission's Order on tier-flattening
and TOU rates, a major grid reform goal is changing rate structures to better
align costs and benefits of serving individual customers. Even states committed
to rate-based low-income assistance, like New York, n202 are nonetheless
considering such rate modifications. As regulators move forward with utility
reforms, it will take creative collaboration among multiple parties to ensure
the sustainability of the electricity system, while remaining faithful to the
fundamental principles of universal and non-discriminatory electricity access to
low-income ratepayers. This final section, then, discusses some of the
rate-related policies to achieve those ends.

   1. The Emerging Rate Structures and Policies: PBR and Time-of-Use

 Transitioning to an advanced electricity system will require turning toward
modern rate designs and away from the traditional and "unenlightened" rate
structure that has been standard throughout the utility industry for decades.
n203 Although grid reforms underway are each approaching this question in
different ways, there is general agreement that the solution will involve
time-varying rates and performance-based ratemaking (PBR). n204 These policies
raise implementation and measurement concerns, but with the proper safeguards in
place, all customers - especially vulnerable low-income customers - can be
protected from significant cost increases and empowered to participate in
tomorrow's reformed electricity system.

[*301]

   a. Performance-Based Ratemaking

 As a regulatory approach, PBR replaces the consumption and
capital-expenditure-based incentives in traditional cost-of-service ratemaking
with other financial incentives to lower costs, improve service, or otherwise
achieve different system, social, economic, or environmental goals. n205 This
ratemaking tool is already widely used in parts of Australia, New Zealand,
Canada, South America, in addition to U.S. states like Illinois and
Massachusetts. n206

   Seen as a way to shore-up utility revenues in an era of declining demand and
as an avenue to advance other objectives, PBR has been embraced by utility
reformers. n207 In its Phase I report, the e21 Initiative called on Minnesota to
develop and allow utilities to "opt into a multi-year, performance-based
[regulatory] framework." n208 Such a framework would measure and provide revenue
based upon utility performance in areas like total system efficiency,
reliability, customer service, environmental sustainability, affordability, and
competitiveness. n209 The state's public utility commission is taking these
recommendations under advisement, and according to a March 2016 staff report,
the Commission acknowledges PBR's role as part of a larger long-term vision for
the state's grid modernization efforts. n210

   Although a PBR framework has yet to be formally adopted in the New York REV
proceeding, earlier Commission Orders and staff reports in the REV proceeding
indicate a central role for performance incentives as not only a revenue
stabilizer for utilities but as a way to earn additional profits. n211 Through
so-called Earnings Impact Mechanisms (EIMs), utilities can supplement their
revenue streams by taking action on areas like peak reduction, energy
efficiency, customer engagement and information access, interconnection, and
affordability. n212 The "affordability" EIM is particularly noteworthy because
it targets low-income ratepayers for special assistance by incentivizing utility
support for DER integration in low-income communities and reducing the numbers
of service terminations and uncollectible expenses. n213 According to the broad
strokes of the staff report, utilities would earn EIM credit if they can show
certain levels of low-income DER  [*302]  participation and per-customer
savings, as well as below-average numbers of service terminations. n214 Further
explanation and detail of the REV PBR model will be provided by the NYPSC in its
forthcoming Track Two Order.

   The primary question with PBR schemes that is often raised by low-income and
other consumer advocates, is how to craft incentives that force meaningful
utility action in exchange for reasonable, but not excessive, revenues. n215
Both the e21 Phase I report and, to a lesser extent, the NYPSC Track Two staff
report leave the details to be ferreted out later. Indeed, the NPYSC staff
report acknowledges a number of outstanding implementation issues to be
addressed, including "ratepayer impacts (of both the incentives and the desired
outcomes)," as well as "the degree of utility control over the outcomes." n216
Another question to address is the consequence for the utility's failure to meet
a PBR benchmark - an issue that may be less relevant to the NYPSC Track Two
staff proposal - since EIMs supplement existing utility service obligations.
Nonetheless, it remains to be seen how rigorous the e21 and NYPSC
performance-based schemes will be in their design and implementation.

   b. Time-Varying Rates

 Time-differentiated electricity pricing, facilitated by smart technologies,
will be an integral part of modernizing the electricity system. n217 There are
four subsets of time-varying rates - Critical Peak Pricing (CPP), Peak Time
Rebates (PTR), Time of Use (TOU), and Variable Peak Pricing (VPP) - but they all
essentially seek to give price signals tied to current market or demand
conditions. n218 With some limited exceptions, residential time-varying rates
have mostly been implemented in the United States through pilot programs. n219

   Many consumer advocates have expressed concern that time-varying rates
negatively impact low-income customers, especially those who are not equipped
with the necessary metering infrastructure or are unable to alter their
consumption during high-use times. n220 Others argue, however, that low-income
customers tend  [*303]  to be responsive to price signals, n221 and that they
tend to be low-usage customers to begin with - although not always. n222

   Notwithstanding the potential system and cost-savings benefits from using
time-varying rates, regulators should nonetheless take extra precautions to
ensure that low-income customers are especially protected due to their
vulnerability to rate increases. Such precautions could include: ensuring
adequate access to energy information, providing bill protection to ease with
the transition, and offering a two-tiered rate option in which low-income
customers pay the lesser of their historical usage (individual or class) or the
time-varying rate. n223

   2. Rate Designs and Policies that Can Harm Low-Income Customers

 There are many goals regulators seek to accomplish through the utility rate
structure - goals that, depending on the needs of the particular state, may
outweigh the "affordability" concerns that are the sole focus for low-income
ratepayer advocates. These can include, for instance, promoting energy
efficiency and environmental objectives, ensuring continued utility revenue,
facilitating distributed generation development as well as empowering customer
choice. n224 Nonetheless, experience has shown that certain rate designs have a
negative impact on low-income ratepayers. Regulators and reformers concerned
about maintaining universal and equitable grid access while transitioning to a
modern regulatory model should therefore either avoid entirely, or mitigate the
effects of, the following rate designs and rate-related policies.

   a. High Fixed Charges

 Fixed costs are set monthly charges designed to help utilities recoup
distribution system costs. n225 Although useful for restoring utility revenue
lost through demand reductions, they can discourage efficiency measures and
distributed generation, and could contribute to grid defection if storage
technologies mature. n226 In addition, they also penalize low-use customers and
contribute to the overall energy burden of low-income ratepayers. n227 The same
disincentives could be said to apply to public benefit fund surcharges - with
the exception of negative low-  [*304]  income customer impacts. However, public
benefit charges tend to be much smaller than utility fixed charges, and in any
event, the negative effects of these disincentives could be avoided by instead
implementing strong volumetric, time-varying prices combined with otherwise low
distribution-related fixed charges.

   b. Decoupling That is Not Tied to Added Efficiency Measures and Other
Benefits

 Through traditional cost-of-service rate regulation, utilities lack incentive
to promote energy efficiency or customer-side generation because they secure
revenue through their earned rate of return on large capital investments and
selling kilowatts. n228 However, under a revenue regulation scheme, regulators
"decouple" revenue from electricity sales and set it as a fixed amount. n229
Although there is no longer the disincentive to promote energy efficiency,
consumer advocates warn that without careful regulatory guidance these schemes
could end up "blindly rewarding companies for reductions in sales for reasons
that have nothing to do with utility-sponsored energy efficiency." n230 Over
time, the regulator-approved revenue amounts increase slightly - another point
of contention among consumer advocates. n231 There are numerous policy arguments
in favor of revenue regulation, n232 but suffice to say, the above-identified
criticisms can be addressed through such additional consumer protections as:
conditioning "decoupling" on new energy efficiency programs; closer scrutiny and
adjustment of utility cost structure assumptions; or applying a decoupling
charge on higher-usage customers, which is then used to offset costs for
lower-usage customers. n233

   V. Conclusion

 As utilities and regulators endeavor to adapt to the new realities bearing down
on the electricity grid, they will have big problems to solve: How will
utilities earn revenue despite falling demand and customer-side generation, and
what regulatory policies will be required to ensure sustainable, equitable, and
forward-thinking development? As new policies and regulatory models emerge from
these discussions, it is also important to remember that this evolution will
especially impact some of the most vulnerable members of our community.

   Each of the grid modernization processes underway today envision new rate
structures that would likely reduce the cross-subsidization upon which most
low-income assistance programs rely. Thus, the question for low-income consumer
[*305]  advocates becomes: what tools remain available to fund these programs
that will not conflict with the overarching goals of the wider reform efforts
underway? This article raised just some of the options available to regulators
and stakeholders. Creative application of these and other solutions can help
sustain energy assistance programs while also empowering low-income ratepayers
by leveraging the electricity system benefits they can provide.

   Ultimately, however, the money to sustain low-income ratepayer programs
cannot be created from whole cloth. Each of the options outlined in Part IV will
require appropriating funds that could also go to other worthy projects,
programs, or stakeholder groups. Addressing the growing electrical divide and
ever-present affordability problems for low-income households will therefore
require not only resourcefulness, but also conviction and follow-through.

   We have already seen what this kind of dedication looks like through past
experiences with rural electrification and other New Deal era public works
projects. Likewise, we have a long history of providing public assistance in
general, and through utility regulation in particular. These principles should
be the lodestars that guide policy discussions around low-income ratepayer
issues. Indeed, regardless of how thoughtful the design or good the intentions,
there is no solution to this problem that will not require a recommitment to the
fundamental equity ideals underpinning utility regulation and universal access.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Energy & Utilities LawTransportation & PipelinesElectricity TransmissionEnergy &
Utilities LawUtility CompaniesGeneral OverviewEstate, Gift & Trust
LawWillsBeneficiariesElections

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Third-party financing, and more recently utility-led financing, is how the
majority of residential customers install distributed energy resources (DER) on
their properties. These arrangements, though, can be both complicated and nearly
out of reach for customers without good credit scores - a group that often
includes low-income customers. See, e.g., Patrick Sabol, From Power to
Empowerment: Plugging Low Income Communities into the Clean Energy Economy,
Groundswell (April 2016), groundswell.org/frompower_to_empowerment_wp.pdf.





n2.  As is common in the United States, because renters typically pay utility
costs, landlords have little incentive to pay for the property and
weatherization upgrades necessary to make a rental unit more energy efficient.
Likewise, few renters see the long-term value in improving property that they do
not own. This dilemma is particularly acute for households qualifying for
federal energy assistance, nearly 79% of which live in rental units and pay
their own utility bills. Diana Hernandez & Stephen Bird, Energy Burden and the
Need for Integrated Low-Income Housing and Energy Policy, 2 Poverty Pub. Pol'y 5
(Nov. 2010),
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4819257/pdf/nihms-763053.pdf.





n3.  See, e.g., Ralph Cavanagh & John Howat, Finding Common Ground Between
Consumer and Environmental Advocates, ElectricityPolicy.com 5 (May 2012),
https://www.nclc.org/images/pdf/energy_utility_telecom/additional_resources/deco
upling-common-ground.pdf.





n4.  Carmen DeNavas-Walt & Bernadette D. Proctor, Income and Poverty in the
United States: 2014, U.S. Census Bureau 12 (Sept. 16, 2015),
https://www.census.gov/content/dam/Census/library/publications/2015/demo/p60-252
.pdf. Whether a person is living in poverty depends on average annual income
level and family size. According to the most recent data from the U.S. Census
Bureau, the poverty threshold for a single person is $ 12,071 annually, $ 15,379
for a two-person home, $ 18,850 for three member families, $ 24,230 for
four-member families, and so on. Id. at 43.





n5.  Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation, Distribution of the Total Population by
Federal Poverty Level (Above and Below 200% FPL) (2015),
kff.org/other/state-indicator/population-up-to-200-fpl/ (using U.S. Census
bureau information from 2014 to set out how many people nationally and in each
state live under 200% of the federal poverty level). Of the 313.3 million people
living in the U.S. by the end of 2013, over 106.4 million were living under 200%
of the federal poverty level. Id. This number likely represents the upper-end of
additional potential aid recipients because only a few states extend eligibility
to 200% of the FPL.





n6.  Staff Report, Proceeding of the Commission to Examine Programs to Address
Energy Affordability for Low Income Utility Customers, No. 14-M-0565, 5 (N.Y.
Pub. Serv. Comm'n June 1, 2015) [hereinafter NYPSC Low-Income Staff Report].





n7.  Residential Energy Consumption Survey, U.S. Energy Info. Admin.,
www.eia.gov/consumption/residential/. For a state-by-state breakdown of energy
burdens, see Home Energy Affordability Gap, Fisher, Sheehan, & Colton,
www.homeenergyaffordabilitygap.com/03a_affordabilityData.html (last visited
Oct.6, 2016).





n8.  NYPSC Low-Income Staff Report, supra note 6, at 5; Home Energy
Affordability Gap, supra note 7.





n9.  Fisher Sheehan & Colton, Home Energy Affordability Gap 2015 (April 2016),
www.homeenergyaffordabilitygap.com/03a_affordabilityData.html (click on
individual states in the map to download factsheets); Kevin Monte de Ramos,
Poverty & the Public Utility 50 (2005).





n10.  LIHEAP is a federal grant program that provides the most assistance to
low-income ratepayers. See infra Section II.B.1.





n11.  Jo-Ann Choate & Mark Wolfe, Nat'l Energy Assist. Directors' Ass'n,
National Energy Assistance Survey 3 (Nov. 2011),
neada.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/NEA_Survey_Nov11.pdf.





n12.  See, e.g., Id.; Hernandez & Bird, supra note 2; John Cook & Ingrid Weiss,
The Impacts of Increasing Household Energy Prices on Health and Health Care
Costs in New York State 12-18 (May 2013),
www.childrenshealthwatch.org/wp-content/uploads/Final_Entergyfoundationreport-No
v-4-2013-w-changes-Accptd.pdf; Monte de Ramos, supra note 9, at xvii.





n13.  Choate & Wolfe, supra note 11, at 5.





n14.  Cook & Weiss, supra note 12, at 9; Hernandez & Bird, supra note, 2 at 3.





n15.  Diana Hernandez et al., Energy Insecurity Among Families with Children,
Nat'l Center for Children in Poverty 7 (Jan. 2014),
www.nccp.org/publications/pdf/text_1086.pdf.





n16.  Id.





n17.  LIHEAP Frequently Asked Questions, U.S. Dep't Health & Human Serv. (Jan.
9, 2016),
http://www.acf.hhs.gov/ocs/resource/consumer-frquently-asked-questions#Q11;
Weatherization Assistance Program, U.S. Dep't Energy,
energy.gov/eere/wipo/weatherization-assistance-program (last visited Oct. 6,
2016).





n18.  Charles Harak et al., Access to Utility Service, § 8.1.2 (Nat'l Consumer
Law Center 2011) (describing the history of the LIHEAP grant program).





n19.  Id. § 8.1.1.





n20.  LIHEAP Clearinghouse, LIHEAP 101: What You Need to Know 7 (March 2014),
https://liheapch.acf.hhs.gov/pubs/LCIssueBriefs/FinalLIHEAPPrimer.pdf.





n21.  42 U.S.C. § 8624(b)(5) (2012).





n22.  LIHEAP and WAP Funding, LIHEAP Clearinghouse,
www.liheapch.acf.hhs.gov/Funding/funding.htm (last visited Oct. 7, 2016) (noting
that the total amount of Congressionally-allocated LIHEAP funds for 2016 will be
$ 3.35 billion by the end of that year).





n23.  Gene Falk et al., Cong. Research Serv., R44327, Need-Tested Benefits:
Estimated Eligibility and Benefit Receipt by Families and Individuals 39 (2015),
https://www.fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/R44327.pdf. For further discussion of the wide
gap between who is eligible and who receives benefits from LIHEAP see Home
Energy Affordability Gap, supra note 7.





n24.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 8.1.1.





n25.  Bruce Tonn et al., Oak Ridge Nat'l Lab., Weatherization Works - Summary of
Findings from the Retrospective Evaluation of the U.S. Department of Energy's
Weatherization Assistance Program 3 (Sept. 2014),
weatherization.ornl.gov/Retrospectivepdfs/ORNL_TM-2014_338.pdf [hereinafter
Weatherization Works].





n26.  42 U.S.C. § 6862 (2009); Weatherization Works supra note 25, at 3. The
National Association of State Community Services Programs (NASCSP) is the
national organization that provides the latest news on WAP, as well as technical
support, guidance, and other assistance to grant recipients and their
weatherization agencies. The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009,
Pub. L. No. 111-5 § 407, 123 Stat. 115, 145 (revised the eligibility criteria
from 150% to 200% of the FPL).





n27.  See generally The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.





n28.  U.S. Dep't Energy, Weatherization Assistance Program funding II-1 (2008),
www.waptac.org/data/files/website_docs/briefing_book/2_programfunding_final.pdf.





n29.  Weatherization Program Notice 16-2A, Program Year 2016 Grantee Allocations
- Revised, U.S. Dep't Energy (Jan. 8, 2016); Weatherization Works, supra note
25, at 4.





n30.  Weatherization Works, supra note 25, at 4-5; Nat'l Ass'n for State Cmty.
Serv. Programs, Weatherization Assistance Program: PY 2014 Funding Survey 2
(2014),
www.nascsp.org/data/files/weatherization/publications/nascsp2014_wap_funding_sur
vey_final062015_print508.pdf [hereinafter WAP Program Survey].





n31.  Weatherization Works, supra note 22, at xvi (analyzing the
benefits-to-costs ratio WAP, and concluding that it is nearly 4-1 - an analysis
that has been challenged by other economists, see infra note 150).





n32.  Weatherization Works, supra note 25, at 6.





n33.  U.S. Dep't Energy, Weatherization and Intergovernmental Program: Fact
Sheet (May 2009), www1.eere.energy.gov/wip/pdfs/wap_factsheet.pdf.





n34.  Duncan M. MacIntyre, Public Assistance: Too Much or Too Little? 8-10
(1964); Monte de Ramos, supra note 9, at 29-31 (briefly outlining the origins of
Poor Law in England, and tracing its influence on American law and the New
Deal).





n35.  See Reg. Assistance Project, Electricity Regulation in the U.S.: A Guide
3, 7 (Mar. 2011) [hereinafter RAP Guide]. Although the early electric companies
of the late 19th century were initially allowed to compete openly with coal,
peat, and other energy providers subject to only loose city regulations,
eventually, they soon became viewed like other businesses similarly "affected
with a public interest." Munn v. Illinois, 94 U.S. 113 (1877). That is, like
grain terminals, warehouses, railroads and other industries at the time,
electric companies were soon recognized as providing essential services to
society. Furthermore, in light of the technical and infrastructure complexities
inherent in the industry, it became clear that it could not fully support
competition, and that electric companies were in fact, "natural monopolies."
Although later electric-sector restructuring of the 1990s and early 2000s would
prove that the generation sector could be subject to market forces, such
competition is not possible for the transmission and distribution components of
utility service.





n36.  Tripp v. Frank (1792) 100 Eng. Rep. 1234 (extending the duty of service to
ferries and laying the groundwork for later including utilities); Jim Rossi, The
Common Law "Duty to Serve" and Protection of Consumers in an Age of Competitive
Retail Public Utility Restructuring, 51 Vand. L. Rev. 1233, 1236-37 (1998)
(providing background information on the historical development of the common
law duty to serve).





n37.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 2.1.2; 64 Am. Jur. 2d Public Utilities § 21
(2016); 73B C.J.S. Public Utilities § 8 (2016).





n38.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 2.1.2; Rossi, supra note 36, at 1255-56.





n39.  See, e.g. New York v. McCall, 245 U.S. 345, 350-51 (1917) (upholding, as
non-arbitrary or capricious, an order from the New York Public Service
Commission requiring a natural gas utility to extend distribution lines to a
community within its service territory, regardless that such an extension would
not be very profitable); Elk Run Tel. Co. v. General Tel. Co. of Iowa, 160
N.W.2d 311 (Iowa 1968) (considering the common law "duty to serve" in
interpreting a state statute and holding that the state Commerce Commission is
authorized to require a telephone utility to extend its service to new customers
who are inside the utility's franchise area); Rossi, supra note 36, at 1255-56.





n40.  James C. Bonbright, Principles of Public Utility Rates 33-35, 136-41,
369-85 (1961).





n41.  73B C.J.S. Public Utilities § 9 (Service to the public - Duty to provide
service without discrimination); Harak et al., supra note 18, § 2.3.





n42.  See infra notes 56, 122 (discussing "lifeline" rates).





n43.  Bonbright, supra note 40, at 372-83.





n44.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 2.3.4; see infra note 108 (discussing how
low-income customers are not necessarily low-users of electricity).





n45.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 2.3.4.





n46.  See generally Deward Clayton Brown, Electricity for Rural America: The
Fight for the REA (1980); Richard P. Keck, Reevaluating the Rural
Electrification Administration: A New Deal for the Taxpayer, 16 Envt'l L. 39,
42-62 (1985).





n47.  Brown, supra note 46 at xiii - xvi; Keck, supra note 46.





n48.  Keck, supra note 46, at 44. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt issued an
executive order establishing the Rural Electrification Administration, Exec.
Order No. 7037 (May 11, 1935). Congress later endorsed this action with passage
of the Rural Electrification Act the following year. Ch. 432, 49 Stat. 1363
(1936) (codified as amended at 7 U.S.C.§§901-950b (2012)).





n49.  Brown, supra note 46.





n50.  See, e.g., Order Adopting Low Income Program Modification and Directing
Utility Filings, No. 14-M-0565, 7, 45 (New York Pub. Serv. Comm'n May 20, 2016)
[hereinafter NYPSC Low-Income Order] (listing examples of invocations of this
and other core utility regulatory principles); see also infra Section IV.D.2.a
(discussing the emergency of urban electrification cooperatives modeled off of
the early history of rural electric cooperatives).





n51.  Bonbright, supra note 40, at 111-112.





n52.  Id. at 111; see also NYPSC Low-Income Order, supra note 50, at 45.





n53.  For example, as retail competition arrived in some parts of the country in
the 1990s and early 2000s, regulators ensured distribution utilities maintained
their "duty to serve" utilities by requiring them to provide back-stop "basic
service options" to any customer within their service territory. See, e.g.,
Rossi, supra note 36, at 1294.





n54.  For example, regulators in New York and stakeholders in Minnesota and
elsewhere have voiced their support for continued universal service in the midst
of their respective electric grid reform discussions. Order Adopting Regulatory
Policy Framework and Implementation Plan for a Reformed Retail Electric
Industry, No. 14-M-0101, 85 (N.Y. Pub. Serv. Comm'n Feb. 26, 2015) [hereinafter
REV Track One Order] ("Our statutory responsibility to maintain universal,
affordable service is a critical driver of the REV initiative"); e21 Initiative,
Phase I Report: Charting a Path to a 21st Century Energy System in Minnesota 2
(Dec. 2014),
http://www.betterenergy.org/sites/www.betterenergy.org/files/e21_Initiative_Phas
e_I_Report_2014.pdf (listing universal access for low-income customers in
particular as a "guiding principle" for their reform process); Jim Lazar &
Wilson Gonzalez, Smart Rate Design for a Smart Future, Reg. Assistance Project 6
(Jul. 2015), http://www.raponline.org/document/download/id/7680 (setting out the
three principles of modern ratemaking, and noting that the first is at-cost grid
access); David Littell, Principal, Reg. Assistance Project, Presentation to the
National Conference of State Legislators: Regulatory Structures and Market
Transformation 8 (Dec. 8, 2015),
www.ncsl.org/Portals/1/Documents/energy/Littell-present.pdf (reiterating the
principles of modern ratemaking and making the right of universal access
explicit at the first principle).





n55.  According to one study, there are around ten different kinds of rate-based
discount programs to assist low-income ratepayers - the most common of which are
discussed in the main text. For a general discussion of the ten different rate
program types, such as the "flat rate discount", "marginal cost based rate," and
"block rate approach," see Maren Mahoney & Michael O'Boyle, ASU Energy Pol'y
Innovation Council, A National Survey of Electric and Gas Utility Rate
Structures for Low-Income Customers 2 (Sept. 2013),
https://energypolicy.asu.edu/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/National-Survey-of-Low-I
ncome-Utility-Rates.pdf; and Harak et al., supra note 18, § 7 (describing
various utility affordability programs).





n56.  The term "lifeline" rate is primarily associated with the
telecommunications sector, but is also used in the context of electricity
service. See, e.g., Harak et al., supra note 18, § 11.3.2.2; RAP Guide, supra
note 35, at 94. See infra note 122 for a brief summary of how lifeline rates are
funded through "Universal Service Fund" surcharges on non-low-income customers.





n57.  See infra Part IV.B (discussing public benefit charges and public benefit
funds, through which many states fund their low-income ratepayer assistance
programs); RAP Guide, supra note 35, at 49; Joseph P. Tomain, "Steel in the
Ground': Greening the Grid with the iUtility, 39 Envt'l L. 931, 946-47 (2009).





n58.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 7.2.2.2. (discussing straight discount
programs).





n59.  CARE/FERA Programs, Cal. Pub. Util. Comm'n,
www.cpuc.ca.gov/General.aspx?id=976 (last visited Oct. 8, 2016); Harak et al.,
supra note 18, § 7.2.2.2.2.





n60.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 7.2.2.2.3; Mahoney & O'Boyle, supra note
55, at 3 (listing the states that use a "flat rate" discount).





n61.  Paying Your Bill, Pub. Util. Comm'n of Tex. (last visited Oct. 8, 2016),
https://www.puc.texas.gov/consumer/lowincome/assistance.aspx; Jim Malewitz,
Texas Stops Helping Poor Families Pay Their Electric Bills, Tex. Trib. (Sept. 2,
2016),
https://www.texastribune.org/2016/09/02/texas-stops-helping-poor-families-pay-th
eir-electr/.





n62.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 7.2.3.2.3.





n63.  Mahoney & O'Boyle, supra note 55, at 6.





n64.  Harak et al., supra note 18, at § § 7.2.3.2.1-2 (discussing Ohio's PIPP,
and its requirement that customers remain liable for PIPP arrears).





n65.  Id. § 7.2.3.3.





n66.  Id.





n67.  Id.





n68.  NYPSC Low-Income Order, supra note 50, at 19-20. Although the Commission
allowed for other methods to be considered to better target assistance, it
approved using ratepayer receipt of any state Home Energy Assistance Program
(HEAP) benefits as a means by which to determine the discount level. Id. at 20.
See infra Section II.B.4 for further discussion of this order.





n69.  See infra Part III.B (explaining the inclining block rate structure).





n70.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 7.2.2.4.





n71.  Id.





n72.  Id. § 9.





n73.  Id. at § 7.2.5 (noting that arrearage programs come in many varieties,
including, up-front forgiveness, "crisis" forgiveness to stave-off
disconnections, bill multipliers corresponding with what the ratepayer pays,
etc.).





n74.  Id. § 7.2.4.





n75.  NYPSC Low-Income Order, supra note 50, at 1.





n76.  Id. at 2.





n77.  Id. at 4-5; 23-26.





n78.  Id. at 4.





n79.  Id. at 3, 42.





n80.  NYPSC Low-Income Order, supra note 50, at 10-12 (detailing the
Commission's recent efforts "to promote affordability of utility service and
provide opportunities to offer benefits to low and moderate income customers to
participate in DER").





n81.  Id. at 30 ("this Order establishes that low income programs will be funded
in utility rates on a continuing basis"); but see Id. at 28 ("Reducing the
energy burden of low income households to the 6% level will require a range of
initiatives, and cannot be accomplished through rate discounts alone.").





n82.  Id. at 30. Among the possible funding sources mentioned were system
benefit charge funds (SBC) and funds generated from cap-and-trade auctions
through the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI), of which New York state
is a member. Id. at 10, 29. These potential funding solutions are discussed in
Sections IV.B and IV.C.1, respectively.





n83.  Regulators and industry members also share reliability, resiliency, and
security concerns related to increasing renewables integration, climate
change-related weather events, and vulnerability to cyber and physical attacks.
These concerns relate less to whether the utility can carry on with business as
usual than to whether that can still be said about the electricity system - a
topic outside the scope of this article.





n84.  U.S. Energy Info. Admin., DOE/EIA-0383(2015), Annual Energy Outlook 2015,
at ES-7, ES-8 (Apr. 2015), http://www.eia.gov/forecasts/AEO/pdf/0383(2015).pdf;
Ron Binz et al., Ceres, Practicing Risk-Aware Electricity Regulation: What Every
State Regulator Needs to Know 5 (Apr. 2012),
www.ceres.org/resources/reports/practicing-risk-aware-electricity-regulation
(noting the general decline of electricity, among other factors challenging the
U.S. electric utility sector).





n85.  Kimberly Klaiman, Total Electricity Sales Fell in 2015 for 5th Time in
Past 8 Years, U.S. Energy Info. Admin. (Mar. 14, 2016),
www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.cfm?id=25352. The steepest drops were primarily
due to the 2008-2009 recession, according to the U.S. Energy Information
Administration, and while economic factors likely also play a role in the more
recent sales declines, they are also likely driven by energy efficiency
improvements across the residential, commercial, and industrial sectors. Id.;
Stephen Lacey, Even as America Constructs More Buildings, Electricity Use
Continues to Drop, Greentech Media (Mar. 16, 2016),
https://www.greentechmedia.com/articles/read/electricity-sales-keep-falling-in-t
he-us.





n86.  Amory Lovins, Reinventing Fire 172-74 (2011) (discussing the typical
utility business model, and how it is negatively impacted by declining
electricity demand).





n87.  Owen Comstock, Coal Made Up More Than 80% of Retired Electricity
Generating Capacity in 2015, U.S. Energy Info. Admin. (Mar. 8, 2016),
https://www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.cfm?id=25272.





n88.  Elias Johnson, Planned Coal-fired Power Plant Retirements Continue to
Increase, U.S. Energy Info. Admin. (Mar. 20, 2014),
https://www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.cfm?id=15491.





n89.  Hoover Dam: Frequently Asked Questions and Answers, U.S. Bureau of
Reclamation, www.usbr.gov/lc/hooverdam/faqs/powerfaq.html (last updated Mar. 12,
2015) (noting that the nameplate capacity of the Hoover Dam is 2,080 megawatts,
i.e. 2.08 GW).





n90.  Nuclear Energy Inst., Status and Outlook for Nuclear Energy in the United
States 3 (Nov. 2015),
www.nei.org/CorporateSite/media/filefolder/Policy/Papers/statusandoutlook.pdf?ex
t=.pdf.





n91.  Id.





n92.  See, e.g. Tyson Brown & Mike Leff, AEO2014 Projects More Coal-fired Power
Plant Retirements by 2016 Than Have Been Scheduled, U.S. Energy Info. Admin.
(Feb. 14, 2014) www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.cfm?id=15031.





n93.  Id.; Comstock, supra note 87.





n94.  U.S. Energy Info. Admin., Proposed Clean Power Plan Would Accelerate
Renewable Additions and Coal Plant Retirements (June 5, 2015),
https://www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.cfm?id=21532.





n95.  For a deeper discussion of some technology-related challenges see Lazar &
Gonzalez, supra note 54.





n96.  See, e.g., Mass. Inst. Tech., The Future of the Electric Grid 183 (2011),
https://mitei.mit.edu/system/files/Electric_Grid_Full_Report.pdf (noting the
questions of horizontal and vertical equity raised by net metering policies);
but see Mark Muro & Devashree Saha, Rooftop Solar: Net Metering is a Net
Benefit, Brookings Inst. (May 23, 2016),
www.brookings.edu/research/papers/2016/05/23-rooftop-solar-net-metering-muro-sah
a (noting recent studies that suggest that net metering policies benefit all
ratepayers, when taking all system costs and benefits into account).





n97.  Accenture, Utilities Face Significant Revenue Losses from Growth of Solar,
Storage and Energy Efficiency, Accenture Research Shows (Dec. 8, 2014),
https://newsroom.accenture.com/news/utilities-face-significant-revenue-losses-fr
om-growth-of-solar-storage-and-energy-efficiency-accenture-research-shows.htm;
James M. Van Nostrand, Getting to Utility 2.0: Rebooting the Retail Electric
Utility in the U.S., 6 San Diego J. Climate & Energy L. 149, 154 (2014-2015).





n98.  Order Adopting Regulatory Policy Framework and Implementation Plan, No.
14-M-0101 (N.Y. Pub. Serv. Comm'n Feb. 26, 2015). For a list of key documents in
the docket see Key Documents, N.Y. St. Dep't Pub. Serv.,
www3.dps.ny.gov/W/PSCWeb.nsf/All/C12C0A18F55877E785257E6F005D533E?OpenDocument
(last updated Apr. 27, 2016).





n99.  e21 Initiative, supra note 54. In May 2015, the Minnesota Public Utility
Commission opened a proceeding on grid modernization and is considering many of
the issues addressed in the stakeholder-led e21 Initiative process. Minn. Pub.
Util. Comm'n, Staff Report on Grid Modernization (Mar. 2016),
morethansmart.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/MNPUC_Staff_Report_on_Grid_Moderniz
ation_March2016.pdf.





n100.  California has been addressing many grid reform issues through separate
dockets on subjects ranging from distribution-level resource planning, to
transitioning, to time-of-use rates. See, e.g., Coley Girouard, Top 10 Public
Utility Commission Issues to Watch in 2016, Advanced Energy Persp. (Feb. 4,
2016), blog.aee.net/top-10-public-utility-commission-issues-to-watch-in-2016
(summarizing the open dockets).





n101.  Hawaii has been particularly concerned with how to integrate increasing
levels of distributed energy resources (DER), largely solar PV. See, e.g., Haw.
Pub. Util. Comm'n, Commission's Inclinations on the Future of Hawaii's Electric
Utilities (April 28, 2014),
puc.hawaii.gov/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/Commissions-Inclinations.pdf (setting
out the broad technical, economic, and policy issues implicated in the continued
integration of DER); Order No. 33258, In re Public Utilities Commission
Instituting a Proceeding to Investigate Distributed Energy Resource Policies,
Docket No. 2014-0192 (Hawaii Pub. Util. Comm'n Oct. 12, 2015) (replacing the
existing net metering program with two new tariff options).





n102.  See, e.g., Grid Modernization, Mass. Dep't Pub. Util.'s,
www.mass.gov/eea/energy-utilities-clean-tech/electric-power/grid-mod/grid-modern
ization.html (last visited Oct. 8, 2016).





n103.  RAP Guide, supra note 35, at 6.





n104.  Id. at 47, 50-54; Bonbright, supra note 40, at 398-99.





n105.  RAP Guide, supra note 35, at 51.





n106.  Bonbright, supra note 40, at 121-34.





n107.  See, e.g., Proposed Decision, Decision on Residential Rate reform for
Pacific Gas and Electric Company, Southern California Edison Company, and San
Diego Gas & Electric Company and Transition to Time-Of-Use Rates, R.12-06-013,
308 (Cal. Pub. Util. Comm'n Jul. 3, 2015),
http://docs.cpuc.ca.gov/PublishedDocs/Published/G000/M153/K024/153024891.PDF
[hereinafter CPUC Tier-Flattening Order] (finding that "one purpose of the
inclining block rate structure is to encourage residential customers to reduce
aggregate electricity consumption"); Tom Karier, Utility Pricing and Public
Policy, 28 Elec. J. 12, 15 (2015).





n108.  See, e.g. Karier, supra note 107; Charles F. Phillips Jr., The Regulation
of Public Utilities: Theory and Practice § 10 (1988) (noting that one of a
long-standing concerns about "lifeline rates" was whether "high-usage but
low-income consumers would face significant rate increases"). A helpful
illustration of this can be found in the results of a recent utility study in
Oregon. As part of the study, an analysis of the utility's residential customer
class found low-income ratepayers at various usage levels, not just solely at
lowest level. With only ten percent of the utility's total residential class
being low-income that meant that the utility's block rate structure "was helping
about nine times as many customers as intended." Karier, supra note 107, at 15.





n109.  See, e.g., Lazar & Gonzalez, supra note 54, at 6, 23-24 (discussing core
rate design principles and setting out three principles through which regulators
can modernize the rate structure and accommodate the changes taking place in the
electricity system).





n110.  Id.





n111.  CPUC Tier-Flattening Order, supra note 107.





n112.  Id. at 13; Herman K. Trabish, Inside California's Rate Restructuring Plan
and the Battle for Fixed Charges Looming Over It, Utility Dive (Jul. 13, 2015),
www.utilitydive.com/news/inside-californias-rate-restructuring-plan-and-the-batt
le-for-fixed-charge/402117.





n113.  See CPUC Tier-Flattening Order, supra note 107, at 27-28 (setting out the
rate design principles adopted by the Commission).





n114.  Testimony of Dr. Ahmad Faruqui on Demand Elasticity and Conservation
Impacts of Investor-Owned Utility Proposals, R. 12-06-013, at 12 fig. 1 (Pub.
Util.'s Comm'n of Cal. Oct. 17, 2014) (used with permission from Dr. Faruqui).
With some modifications, the CPUC adopted the proposed rates of PG&E and the
other two investor-owned utilities in its final July 2015 Order.





n115.  Richard W. Caperton & Mari Hernandez, Ctr. for Am. Progress, The
Electrical Divide-New Energy Technologies and Avoiding an Electric Service Gap
9-10 (Jul. 15, 2013),
https://cdn.americanprogress.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/DistributedGeneratio
nBrief-3.pdf.





n116.  See, e.g., Harak et al., supra note 18, § 7.2.3.4 (detailing states, like
Maryland and Washington, that provide supplemental funding for their respective
LIHEAP implementation programs).





n117.  See, e.g., Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy: EERE Funding Opportunity
Exchange U.S. Dep't Energy, https://eere-exchange.energy.gov (last visited Oct.
10, 2016) (listing all of the current EERE funding opportunities - many of which
relate to the sort of technological investments, such as advanced metering
infrastructure, that would be necessary for low-income customers to participate
in the new electricity system being shaped by Utility 2.0); All Programs, U.S.
Dep't Agric., Rural Dev. Off., www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/all-programs
(last visited Oct. 10, 2016) (setting out the rural-community-specific programs
available, many of which, such as distributed generation project development and
USDA's energy efficiency and conservation loan program, could benefit low-income
ratepayers without much modification).





n118.  For more information on other federal programs for financing energy
efficiency and clean energy development see U.S. Dep't Energy et al., Guide to
Federal Financing for Energy Efficiency and Clean Energy Deployment (Sept.
2015),
http://www.energy.gov/sites/prod/files/2014/10/f18/Federal%20Financing%20Guide%2
009%2026%2014.pdf.





n119.  See, e.g., Rural Energy for America Program Renewable Energy Systems &
Energy Efficiency Improvement Loans & Grants, U.S. Dep't Agric., Rural Dev.
Off.,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-energy-america-program-renewable-
energy-systems-energy-efficiency (last visited Oct. 10, 2016); Single Family
Housing Repair Loans & Grants, U.S. Dep't Agric., Rural Dev. Off.,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
single-family-housing-repair-loans-grants (last visited Oct. 10, 2016); see also
supra notes 149, 150 (listing sources that address the link between unaffordable
energy bills and adverse health outcomes).





n120.  Annie Gilleo et al., Am. Council for Energy Efficient Econ., The 2015
State Energy Efficiency Scorecard 21-23 (Oct. 2015),
aceee.org/sites/default/files/publications/researchreports/u1509.pdf.





n121.  PBF surcharges go by several names including, "public benefits charges,"
"system benefits charges," and "utility service riders." Monte de Ramos, supra
note 9, at 101.





n122.  Pursuant to the Communications Act of 1934 and the Telecommunications Act
of 1996, telephone service discounts for low-income households ("lifeline
rates") are paid for by the Universal Service Fund (USF) - which itself is
funded through quarterly fees charged to the nation's telecommunications
companies and, ultimately, to their customers. The USF is managed by the
Universal Service Administrative Company (USAC), a private nonprofit corporation
that administers the lifeline rates program in addition to other USF-funded
programs designed to increase access to high speed broadband to the nation's
schools, libraries, and rural healthcare facilities. Harak et al., supra note
18, § 11.3.2.1.2; Universal Service, Fed. Commc'n Comm'n,
https://www.fcc.gov/general/universal-service (last updated Sept. 7, 2016).





n123.  Sandy Glatt, U.S. Dep't Energy, Public Benefit Funds: Increasing
Renewable Energy & Industrial Energy Efficiency Opportunities ii (Mar. 2010),
www1.eere.energy.gov/manufacturing/states/pdfs/publicbenefitfunds.pdf
[hereinafter DOE: Public Benefit Funds]. For example, if a state's PBC charged
one mill per kilowatt hour, it would take one million kWh to equal $ 1,000. Id.
at 4.





n124.  See, e.g., Michael Dworkin et. al., Revisiting the Environmental Duties
for Public Utility Commissions (2006), 7 Vt. J. Envt'l L. 1, 5-6 (2006); Steven
Ferrey, 2 Law of Independent Power § 10:114 (2016) (describing how system
benefits charges have been used as a policy mechanism to support renewable
resources).





n125.  DOE: Public Benefit Funds, supra note 123, at ii, 1.





n126.  Id.; David Nichols, The Role of Regulators: Energy Efficiency, 18 Pace
Envt'l L. Rev. 295, 306 (2001) ("Although the PBC concept arose in the context
of restructuring debates, there is no necessary linkage between a PBC and
deregulation.").





n127.  DOE: Public Benefit Funds, supra note 123, at 13, 15 (detailing Minnesota
and Pennsylvania's approach to, at least partial, PBF funding).





n128.  Id. at 11-16 (noting that the RGGI participating states, CT, DE, ME, MD,
MA, NH, NJ, NY, RI, VT, can allocate some of the revenues generated from cap and
trade auctions toward their individual state PBFs).





n129.  State PBF/USF History, Legislation, Implementation: District of Columbia,
LIHEAP Clearinghouse, https://liheapch.acf.hhs.gov/dereg/states/dc.htm (last
updated Dec. 2015) (noting that effective March 2015, the RAD surcharge was
adjusted from 0.294 mills per kWh to 0.361 mills per kWh, which equates to $
0.000361 per kWh).





n130.  Public Benefit Funds, Ctr. for Climate & Energy,
www.c2es.org/us-states-regions/policy-maps/public-benefit-funds (last visited
Sep. 27, 2016) (setting out a map of the four categories of public benefit
funds: (1) funds for energy efficiency (3 states); (2) funds for renewables (3
states); (3) funds for renewables and efficiency (16 states plus DC); and (4)
Quasi-PBF (5 states)); see also Ctr. for Energy & Env't, Public Benefit Funds,
www.c2es.org/sites/default/modules/usmap/pdf.php?file=5893 (last updated May 20,
2013) (describing each state's PBF program in more detail).





n131.  DOE: Public Benefit Funds, supra note 123, at 11-16 (setting out all of
the state PBF programs).





n132.  Id. at 1.





n133.  State PBV/USF History, Legislation, Implementation: Michigan LIHEAP
Clearinghouse, www.liheapch.acf.hhs.gov/dereg/states/michigan.htm (last updated
Sept. 2015); John D. Quackenbuch et al., Mich. Pub. Serv. Comm'n, Report on the
Low-Income and Energy Efficiency Fund Fiscal Year 2011 1 (Oct. 28, 2011),
www.michigan.gov/documents/mpsc/2011_LIEEF_report_368715_7.pdf. Utility
securitization bonds are variants of asset-backed securities. Through this
method, a utility would earmark a portion of future revenue (from rates) and
sell that as an asset in a financial market. The value of that asset would
depend on various "credit enhancement" factors, like assurance from the
legislature or PUC that it would not be retroactively modified. Funds collected
from the sale would be used to pay off any outstanding debts for capital
investments no longer in use (i.e. stranded). Any funds left over can be
repurposed for other expenses or refunded to ratepayers. Reg. Assistance
Project, Securitization: In search of the Proverbial Free Lunch, Issues Letter
(1997), http://www.raponline.org/docs/RAP_IssuesLetter-Securitization.pdf. To
the extent that other states already utilize, or are considering utilizing, a
securitization method to offset utility stranded costs (especially retiring coal
plants), a portion of the savings could likewise be repurposed for low-income
ratepayers.





n134.  Reg'l Greenhouse Gas Initiative, Investment of RGGI Proceeds Through 2012
3, 23 (Apr. 2015),
https://www.rggi.org/docs/ProceedsReport/Investment-RGGI-Proceeds-Through-2013.p
df (noting that RGGI proceeds have helped to make electricity improvements to
20,000 low-income and multi-family households throughout the RGGI states). As of
this writing, the most current revenue proceed figures provided by RGGI are from
2013.





n135.  Cal. Climate Investments, Using Cap-and-Trade Auction Proceeds 6 (March
2016),
arb.ca.gov/cc/capandtrade/auctionproceeds/cci_annual_report_2016_final.pdf.





n136.  Id.; California Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006: Greenhouse Gas
Reduction Fund (2012), S.B. 535, 2012 Gen. Assemb., Reg. Sess. (Cal. 2012).





n137.  Edison Elec. Inst., Transportation Electrification: Utility Fleets
Leading the Charge 1 (June 2014),
www.eei.org/issuesandpolicy/electrictransportation/fleetvehicles/documents/eei_u
tilityfleetsleadingthecharge.pdf (calling the electrification of the
transportation sector "our biggest opportunity").





n138.  See, e.g., Michelle Melton, Utility Involvement in Electric Vehicle
Charging Infrastructure: California at the Vanguard, Ctr. for Strategic & Int'l
Stud. (Apr. 6, 2016),
https://www.csis.org/analysis/utility-involvement-electric-vehicle-charging-infr
astructure-california-vanguard.





n139.  Phase I Decision Establishing Policy to Expand the Utilities' Role in
Development of Electric Vehicle Infrastructure, R. 13-11-007, 1-2 (Cal. Pub.
Util.'s Comm'n Dec. 22, 2014).





n140.  Future Uses of Highway Rights of Way, U.S. Dep't Transp. (Apr. 2012),
https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policy/otps/rowstudyproj.cfm.





n141.  Carson Poe & Gina Filosa, Alternative Uses of Highway Rights-of-Way:
Accommodating Renewable Energy Technologies, 2270 Transp. Res. Rec. 23, 24
(2012), ntl.bts.gov/lib/51000/51800/51866/Alternative_Uses_Rights_Way.pdf.





n142.  Poe & Filosa, supra note 141, at 24; Oregon's Solar Highways: All About
the Oregon Solar Highway, Or. Dep't Transp.,
www.oregon.gov/odot/hwy/oipp/pages/inn_solarhighway.aspx (last updated Jan.
2016); Innovative Partnership Program, Or. Dep't Transp.,
https://www.oregon.gov/ODOT/HWY/OIPP/pages/slr_baldock.aspx (last updated Jan.
2016).





n143.  Poe & Filosa, supra note 141, at 24 Table 1.





n144.  Nat'l Renewable Energy Lab., Shared Solar: Current Landscape, Market
Potential, and the Impact of Federal Securities Regulation v (Apr. 2015),
www.nrel.gov/docs/fy15osti/63892.pdf.





n145.  Id.





n146.  Electricity: Green Tariff Shared Renewables Program, S.B. 43, 2013 Gen.
Assemb., Reg. Sess., § 2833(d)(1)(A)(ii) (Cal. 2013) (requiring 100 MW of the
program's total 600MW be located in "disadvantaged communities," including those
areas with "socioeconomic vulnerability."). Pursuant to Colorado's 2010
Community Solar Gardens Act (House Bill 10-1342), and subsequent PUC
regulations, require that community solar developers reserve at least 5% of
subscriber shares to low-income participants if the demand is present.
Recommended Decision of the Administrative Law Judge G. Harris Adams Adopting
Rules, No. R 11-0784, 229-32 (Colo. Pub. Util.'s Comm'n Jul. 25, 2011)
(discussing the Low-income set aside provision of the Community Solar Gardens
Act); see also Lotus Eng'g & Sustainability, Analysis of the Fulfillment of the
Low-Income Carve-Out for Community Solar Subscriber Organizations 4-6 (Nov.
2015),
https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/sites/default/files/atoms/files/CEO%20Low-Incom
e%20Community%20Solar%20Report.pdf.





n147.  REV Track One Order, supra note 54, at 70.





n148.  Staff Report and Proposal, Reforming the Energy Vision, No. 14-M-0101, 17
(N.Y. Dep't of Pub. Serv. Apr. 24, 2014).





n149.  See, e.g., Bruce Tonn et al., Oak Ridge Nat'l Lab., Health and
Household-Related Benefits Attributable to the Weatherization Assistance Program
xvi (Sept. 2014),
weatherization.ornl.gov/Retrospectivepdfs/ORNL_TM-2014_345.pdf; Kate Kuholski et
al., Healthy Energy-Efficient Housing: Using a One-Touch Approach to Maximize
Public Health, Energy, and Housing Programs and Policies, 16 J. Pub. Health
Mgmt. Prac. S73 (2010),
www.greenandhealthyhomes.org/sites/default/files/3Healthy_Energy_Efficient_Housi
ng.pdf (advocating for a "one-touch" approach that combines public health and
energy efficiency home interventions so as to maximize direct and indirect
benefits to homeowners from these programs).





n150.  Monetization proposals already exist in some cases. See, e.g. Bruce Tonn,
supra note 149, at 104-105 Table 4.49 (summarizing the study's monetization
estimates, and noting that total value of these benefits amounts to over $ 1.1
billion); but see Eduardo Porter, For Government that Works, Call in the
Auditors, N.Y. Times (Oct. 6, 2015),
www.nytimes.com/2015/10/07/business/for-government-that-works-call-in-the-audito
rs.html (criticizing the Oak Ridge report for relying on faulty assumptions,
invalid extrapolations and untested measuring formulae).





n151.  See, e.g., NYPSC Low-Income Order, supra note 50, at 10 ("Greater access
and support for low income and underserved communities to DER is the best way to
narrow the affordability gap that needs to be filled with direct financial
assistance for customers with low incomes.").





n152.  Groundswell, From Power to Empowerment: Plugging Low Income Communities
Into the Clean Energy Economy 4 (Apr. 2016),
groundswell.org/frompower_to_empowerment_wp.pdf.





n153.  Id. This is an especially expensive problem in public housing units,
which consume 38% more energy than comparably-sized private housing. Corey
Barnes et al., Rocky Mountain Inst., Superefficient Affordable Housing:
Solutions to Hurdles 4 (2013),
www.rmi.org/Knowledge-Center/Library/2013-03_SHISolutionsToHurdles.





n154.  U.S. Envt'l Prot. Agency, The Clean Power Plan: Clean Energy Incentive
Program,
https://www.epa.gov/sites/production/files/2015-08/documents/fs-cpp-ceip.pdf
(last accessed Oct. 14, 2016) (allowing states to earn Emission Reduction
Credits toward their Clean Power Plan compliance by making early investments in
renewable energy projects, and provides yet-more incentives for projects in
low-income communities); News Release, U.S. Dep't Hous. & Urban Dev., HUD
Announces New Renewable Energy Partners (May 9, 2014),
portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/press/press_releases_media_advisories/2014/HUD
No_14-04 (announcing the commitment of 27 affordable housing and service
providers to install over 15 MW of on-site renewable energy capacity).





n155.  Bringing the Benefits of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy to
Low-Income Communities, U.S. Envt'l Prot. Agency,
https://www.epa.gov/statelocalclimate/bringing-benefits-energy-efficiency-and-re
newable-energy-low-income-communities (last updated Sept. 8, 2016). As of this
writing, the EPA website had case studies on programs in California and
Colorado.





n156.  See, e.g., 2013 Report Card for America's Infrastructure: About America's
Infrastructure, Am. Soc'y Civil Eng'rs.,
www.infrastructurereportcard.org/executive-summary/ (last visited Oct. 14, 2016)
(giving the U.S. an overall grade of D+ for the state of its infrastructure as
part of its most recent quadrennial report).





n157.  Monte De Ramos, supra note 9, at 33 fig. 2-2 (setting out six common
types of public-private partnerships).





n158.  See generally, U.S. Dep't Hous. & Urban Dev., The Evolution of HUD'S
Public-Private Partnerships (Oct. 2015),
https://www.huduser.gov/hud50th/HUD2-048-Public-Private_Partnership_508.pdf.





n159.  Mike Hower, 5 Public-private Partnerships Pushing the Sustainability
Envelope, GreenBiz (Mar. 4, 2015),
https://www.greenbiz.com/article/5-public-private-partnerships-pushing-sustainab
ility-envelope.





n160.  Pew Charitable Trusts, Distributed Generation: Cleaner, Cheaper, Stronger
5 (Feb. 2016),
www.pewtrusts.org/<diff>/media/assets/2016/02/energy_storage-backs_up_power_supp
ly.pdf; Latest ARPA-E News, U.S. Dep't Energy, Advanced Res. Projects Agency -
Energy, https://arpa-e.energy.gov/?q=media/latest-arpa-e-news (last visited Oct.
14, 2016) (listing all the most recent recipients for grants to develop
high-potential energy technologies).





n161.  Zacharay Shahan, Solar Power For Low-& Moderate-Income Americans -
Obama's New Solar Initiative, CleanTechnica (July 11, 2015),
cleantechnica.com/2015/07/11/solar-power-for-low-moderate-income-americans-obama
s-new-solar-initiative/.





n162.  Id. This is in addition to two other low-income ratepayer-focused
programs through the California Solar Initiative: Single-family Affordable Solar
Housing (SASH) and Multi-family Affordable Solar Housing (MASH). Solar for
Affordable Housing, Go Solar Cal.,
www.gosolarcalifornia.ca.gov/affordable/index.php (last visited Sept. 10, 2016).





n163.  Impact Investing: Newark Housing Authority Energy Efficiency, Newark, NJ,
Goldman Sachs,
www.goldmansachs.com/what-we-do/investing-and-lending/impact-investing/case-stud
ies/newark-housing-authority.html (last visited Oct. 14, 2016).





n164.  Advanced Energy Econ. Inst. et al., Toward a 21st Century Electricity
System in California 10 (Aug. 11, 2015),
http://info.aee.net/hubfs/PDF/aeei-toward-21ces-ca.pdf?t=1439494418628.





n165.  Id.





n166.  See Bethany Speer & Ron Koenig, Property-Assessed Clean Energy (PACE)
Financing of Renewables and Efficiency, Nat. Renewable Energy Lab (July 2010),
www.nrel.gov/docs/fy10osti/47097.pdf.





n167.  U.S. Dep't Energy, Guide to Federal Financing for Energy Efficiency and
Clean Energy Deployment 21 (Sept. 2014),
http://energy.gov/sites/prod/files/2014/10/f18/Federal%20Financing%20Guide%2009%
2026%2014.pdf.





n168.  See, e.g., On-Bill Recovery Financing Program, N.Y. Energy Res. & Dev.
Auth.,
https://www.nyserda.ny.gov/All-Programs/Programs/On-Bill-Recovery-Financing-Prog
ram (last visited Sept. 10, 2016).





n169.  States that have utilized the Green Bank method of financing energy
improvements include Connecticut, New York, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Iowa, and
Massachusetts. Financing Clean Energy: Cost-Effective Tools for State Compliance
with the Clean Power Plan (2015), Union Concerned Scientists,
www.ucsusa.org/clean-energy/increase-renewable-energy/green-banks-financing-clea
n-energy#.VwZVaTYrL-k (last visited Oct. 14, 2016) (setting out examples).





n170.  See, e.g., Environmental Market Opportunities: Green Bonds and Impact
Investing, Goldman Sachs,
www.goldmansachs.com/citizenship/environmental-stewardship/market-opportunities/
green-bonds-impact-investing/ (last visited Oct. 14, 2016); Sarah Kearney et
al., Impact Investing in the Energy Sector, Prime Coalition 5 (Oct. 2014),
primecoalition.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/Impact_Investing_in_the_Energy-Sec
tor.pdf (noting that energy-related impact investments within low-income
communities have largely focused on efficiency improvements, but arguing for
broader consideration of other energy-related solutions).





n171.  See generally Caperton & Hernandez, supra note 115.





n172.  Supra Section II.B.2.c.





n173.  Shannon Terrell-Ernest, Let There Be Light (and Heat, and
Telecommunications): A Closer Look at the 1st Rochdale Cooperative, Cooperator
N.Y. (Oct. 2001),
http://cooperator.com/article/let-there-be-light-and-heat-and-telecommunica/full
#cut.





n174.  Edward Yaker et al., The Cooperative Alternative Case Study: The First
Electric Coop., 5 Deregulation of the Util. Indus. & Role Energy Servs. Cos.
(ESCOs) 381, 381 (2000),
aceee.org/files/proceedings/2000/data/papers/SS00_Panel5_Paper32.pdf.





n175.  Id. at 384.





n176.  What's New: Beyond The Grid Completes NY Prize Stage-One Feasibility
Study, Two Bridges Neighborhood Council,
twobridges.org/blog/what-s-new/226-beyond-the-grid-feasibility (last visited
Sept. 10, 2016).





n177.  Two Bridges Neighborhood Council, Why a Smartgrid in Manhattan's East
Village? Presentation to NY Prize, at 7 (May 4, 2016),
https://www.scribd.com/doc/311441932/NY-Prize-Presented-May-4-2016.





n178.  Id.





n179.  Aside from funding issues, other questions are raised by the prospect of
urban electric cooperatives that are beyond the scope of this brief introduction
here, such as whether they might conflict with a state's particular utility
franchise laws.





n180.  Our Customers, Tenn. Valley Auth.,
https://www.tva.com/Energy/Our-Customers (last visited Sept. 10, 2016).





n181.  Bonneville Power Admin, Path to Success: 2015 Annual Report 62 (Nov.
2015),
https://www.bpa.gov/Finance/FinancialInformation/AnnualReports/Documents/AR2015.
pdf ("BPA is the power marketing administration that purchases, transmits, and
markets power for the FCRPS [Federal Columbia River Power System]").





n182.  Id. (noting that BPA covers its costs by selling its products and
services); Our History, Tenn. Valley Auth.,
https://www.tva.com/About-TVA/Our-History (last visited Sept. 10, 2016) (noting
that legislation in 1959 paved the way for self-financing through selling
electricity services); but see Joel Yudken, If It Ain't Broke, Don't Fix It!,
402 Econ. Pol'y Inst. 3 (June 4, 2015),
www.epi.org/publication/potential-impacts-of-privatizing-the-tennessee-valley-au
thority/ (noting that TVA stopped having to rely on tax-payer funds as recently
as 1999).





n183.  See, e.g., U.S. Gen. Acct. Off., GAO-01-373, Federal Power: The Evolution
of Preference in Marketing Federal Power 12-15 (Feb. 2001),
www.gao.gov/assets/240/231087.pdf (setting out all the federal statutes that
relate to energy resource development and have power preference provisions). In
addition, both TVA and BPA advance other important objectives like environmental
stewardship, energy conservation, and regional jobs-creation.





n184.  Niagara Redevelopment Act (1957), 16 U.S.C. § 836 (2012). For other
examples of federal preference power requirements from energy resource
development projects see U.S. Gen. Account. Off, supra note 183, at 12-15.





n185.  Kevin R. Kosar, Cong. Research Serv., RL30365, Federal Government
Corporations: An Overview 12 (2011), https://fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/RL30365.pdf;
see also Brief History of Consolidated Rail Corporation, Conrail,
www.conrail.com/history/ (last visited Sept. 10, 2016) [hereinafter Conrail
History].





n186.  Staggers Rail Act of 1980, Pub. L. No. 96-448, 94 Stat. 1895 (codified as
amended at 49 U.S.C. § 10101).





n187.  Conrail History, supra note 185.





n188.  Id.





n189.  Federal Power Act, 16 U.S.C. § 824(b)(1) (2012) (preserving state
authority over "facilities used for the generation of electric energy,"
"facilities used in local distribution," facilities for the "transmission of
electric energy in intrastate commerce," and "facilities for the transmission of
electric energy consumed wholly by the transmitter").





n190.  Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, Pub. L. No. 95-617, 92
Stat. 3117 (codified as amended at 16 U.S.C. § 2601). PURPA's constitutional
basis is found in 16 U.S.C. § 2601 ("The Congress finds that the protection of
the public health, safety, and welfare, the preservation of national security,
and the proper exercise of congressional authority under the Constitution to
regulate interstate commerce require."). This constitutional basis was upheld by
the Supreme Court under a rational basis framework. FERC v. Mississippi, 456
U.S. 742, 755-56 (1982) ("The Court heretofore has indicated that federal
regulation of intrastate power transmission may be proper because of the
interstate nature of the generation and supply of electric power. FPC v. Florida
Power & Light Co., 404 U.S. 453 (1972). Our inquiry, then, is whether the
congressional findings have a rational basis. [citations omitted] The
legislative history provides a simple answer: there is ample support for
Congress' conclusions.").





n191.  16 U.S.C. § 824(b)(1).





n192.  Such an arrangement would be conceptually similar to how publicly-owned
entities are "preference power" customers of TVA, Bonneville, and Niagara.





n193.  See, e.g., ConEdison, Help for Those In Need (Dec. 2014),
www.coned.com/customercentral/brochures/Help_For_Those_In_Need(Eng)_SCREEN.pdf;
Give to HeartShare, HeartShare, https://www.heartshare.org/take-action/donate/
(last visited Oct. 14, 2016) (noting how National Grid customers can donate to
help low-income customers in New York state).





n194.  See, e.g., Gift of Energy, PEPCO,
https://www.pepco.com/forms/pepco/other/giftofenergy.aspx (last visited Oct. 14,
2016); Project SHARE, Ga. Power,
https://customerservice.southerncompany.com/ProjectShare/ProjectShare.aspx?mnuOp
co=gpc&mnuType=res (last visited Oct. 14, 2016).





n195.  ConEdison, supra note 193.





n196.  Energy Assistance Fund - What is it?, S. Cal. Edison,
https://www.sce.com/wps/portal/home/residential/assistance/energy-assistance-fun
d (last visited Sept. 10, 2016).





n197.  See, e.g., ConEdison, supra note 193; Give to HeartShare, supra note 193.





n198.  Daniel Moore, Plugging in to Charity: Energy Utilities See Unique
Business Case for Philanthropy, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (July 28, 2015),
powersource.post-gazette.com/powersource/companies/2015/07/28/Energy-utilities-c
haritable-giving-unique-business-case/stories/201507280002.





n199.  Monte De Ramos, supra note 9, at 349.





n200.  Id. at 347-50.





n201.  See, e.g., Nora Caley, Drop a SREC Into the Collection Plate, Solar
Indus. (Dec. 5, 2013),
solarindustrymag.com/drop-a-srec-into-the-collection-plate (noting a program in
Massachusetts).





n202.  NYPSC Low-Income Order, supra note 50, at 30 ("this Order establishes
that low income programs will be funded in utility rates on a continuing
basis.").





n203.  RAP Guide, supra note 35, at 5; Id. at 14 fig. ES-1 (illustrating that
the flat rate design is the typical default across all customer classes).





n204.  See, e.g. e21 Initiative, supra note 54, at 8-11; REV Track One Order,
supra note 54, at 120 (noting that the metrics to evaluate REV will be similar
to those used for utility PBR - an issue that will be largely addressed in later
REV proceedings).





n205.  See, e.g., Reg. Assistance Project, Performance-Based Regulation for
Distribution Companies 11 (Dec. 2000),
http://www.raponline.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/rap-performancebasedregulati
onfordistributionutilities-2000-12.pdf.





n206.  Staff White Paper on Ratemaking and Utility Business Models, In re
Reforming the Energy Vision, No. 14-M-0101, at 51 (N.Y. Pub. Serv. Comm'n Jul.
28, 2015) [hereinafter REV Staff Paper on Business Models].





n207.  Id.





n208.  e21Initiative, supra note 54, at 9.





n209.  Id. at 8.





n210.  Minn. Pub. Util. Comm'n, supra note 99, at 33-34.





n211.  REV Track One Order, supra note 54, at 130; REV Staff Paper on Business
Models, supra note 206, at 51.





n212.  REV Staff Paper on Business Models, supra note 206, at 51-63.





n213.  Id. at 57-58. Eventually, as retail markets mature and additional service
and revenue-generating opportunities become available, EIMs will be phased out
in favor of Market-Based Earnings (MBEs), which utilities and other market
participants will compete for. Id. at 63.





n214.  Id. at 57-58.





n215.  Lazar & Gonzalez, supra note 54, at 72 ("The challenge in PBR is to set
the objectives for the utility to be achievable but challenging, and to set the
rewards to be ample but not excessive.").





n216.  REV Staff Paper on Business Models, supra note 206, at 59; see also AARP
Comments on Staff Track 2 Whitepaper, In re Reforming the Energy Vision, No.
14-M-0101, at 6 (N.Y. Pub. Serv. Comm'n Oct. 26, 2015) (voicing strong concerns
about the Staff's proposed EIM "affordability" metric).





n217.  Lazar & Gonzalez, supra note 54, at 44; see generally Ahmad Faruqui et
al., Reg. Assistance Project, Time-Varying and Dynamic Rate Design (July 2012),
www.raponline.org/document/download/id/5131; Ahmad Faruqui, et al., Smart by
Default, Pub. Util. Fortnightly (Aug. 2014),
mag.fortnightly.com/article/Smart_by_Default/1778777/220143/article.html
[hereinafter Smart by Default]; Karier, supra note 107, at 18 (advocating for
better aligning rates and customer costs based on location and time. "Customers
can't avoid costly power if they don't know when it occurs.").





n218.  Smart by Default, supra note 217; Lazar & Gonzalez, supra note 54, at 44.





n219.  Smart by Default, supra note 217; Faruqui et al., supra note 217, at 27.
Those pilot programs mostly used the TOU or CPP structures, which vary prices
depending on, respectively, the time of day and annual critical peak periods.
Smart by Default, supra note 217.





n220.  AARP et al., The Need for Essential Consumer Protections: Smart Metering
Proposals and the Move to Time-Based Pricing (2010),
https://www.nclc.org/images/pdf/energy_utility_telecom/additional_resources/adv_
meter_protection_report.pdf.





n221.  Faruqui et al., supra note 217, at 8.





n222.  Id. at 25, 29 ("empirical evaluation has indicated that most low-income
customers would immediately save money on their electricity bills from
time-varying rates"); but see CPUC Tier-Flattening order, supra note 107, at 76
(finding that "low-income and moderate-income ratepayers are not universally low
or high users of energy.").





n223.  Faruqui et al., supra note 217, at 25, 42; see also AARP et al., supra
note 220, at 15 ("Not all customers must participate in dynamic pricing programs
to get system wide benefits.").





n224.  Lazar & Gonzalez, supra note 54, at 11, 23-24 (discussing core rate
design principles and setting out three principles through which regulators can
modernize the rate structure and accommodate the changes taking place in the
electricity system); see also Bonbright et al., supra note 40, at 48-62 (setting
out the four primary functions of public utility rates: (1) the
producer-motivation or capital-attraction function; (2) the efficiency-incentive
function; (3) the demand-control or consumer-rationing function; and (4) the
compensatory income-transfer function).





n225.  Lazar & Gonzalez, supra note 51, at 9.





n226.  Id. at 9, 19.





n227.  Id. at 40; Elec. Innovation, Lab, Rocky Mountain Inst., New Business
Models for the Distribution Edge: The Transition from Value Chain to Value
Constellation 10 (Apr. 2013), http://www.rmi.org/New_Business_Models.





n228.  See, e.g., Stephen Bird & Diana Hernandez, Policy Options for the Split
Incentive: Increasing Energy Efficiency for Low-Income Renters, 48 Energy Pol'y
506, 508 (2012).





n229.  Lazar & Gonzalez, supra note 54, at 73; Cavanagh & Howat, supra note 3.





n230.  Cavanagh & Howat, supra note 3, at 5 (comments of John Howat of the
National Consumer Law Council).





n231.  Lazar & Gonzalez, supra note 54, at 73.





n232.  See generally Id.; Regulatory Assistance Project, Revenue Regulation and
Decoupling: A guide to Theory and Application (June 2011),
http://www.raponline.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/rap-revenueregulationanddeco
upling-2011-06.pdf.





n233.  Cavanagh & Howat, supra note 3, at 5-6. This last policy - of applying a
decoupling surcharge to higher-usage blocks and distributing it to lower blocks
- is sometimes referred to as the "Tucson Model" after program implemented by
Tucson Electric. Id.


                                2 of 9 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Washington: THIS WEEK IN CONGRESS - January 29, 2016

LENGTH: 1812 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan has issued the
following news release:



 The Army & Air Force Exchange Service has announced that local contractor, RNV
Construction, has been awarded a $2.8 million contract for expansion of the
troop store at the Army Reserve Center on Saipan. The 1,120 square-foot store
will be expanded to 5,000 square-feet. Construction is expected to be complete
by December 2016. I have been working on improving the store since my first term
in Congress.

A study I included in the 2011 National Defense Authorization Act determined the
project to be viable, but the expansion was delayed for over two years, while a
team from the U.S. Navy made sure there was no unexploded ordnance on the site.
The existing store, which serves nearly 4,000 active and reserve service
members, retirees, and their families is small, deteriorating, and in need of a
major overhaul. Our service members, veterans, and their families deserve better
and can finally look forward to a new and improved AAFES Troop Store on Saipan
opening soon.The Northern Mariana Islands and other U.S. insular areas will be
able to achieve savings in their drug expenditures for Medicaid patients as a
result of a final rule published by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services last week. The rule revises the definition of "state" to include Puerto
Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa and the Northern Marianas. It
also addresses changes made to Medicaid Drug Rebate Program by the Affordable
Care Act, or Obamacare. Changes to rebate percentages in the Affordable Care Act
will increase Medicaid rebates being paid to federal, state, and non-state
governments by manufacturers of covered outpatient drugs, including higher cost
brand name drugs. See CMS for more information.EPA releases new guide for
healthier school renovations.



 With Typhoon Soudelor repairs underway, the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency's new manual on best practices for protecting children's health and
minimizing environmental health risks is most timely. The manual includes an
overview of potential environmental hazards that may emerge during school
renovations, such as exposure to lead, asbestos, mold, mercury, and radon, and
offers guidance for avoiding exposure, as well as a review of regulations and
resources available to schools. The Sensible Guide to Healthier School
Renovations can be found online at
http://www.epa.gov/schools/sensible-guide-healthier-school-renovations.High
school students: Become a Junior Statesman.



 Now is the time for high school students to apply to attend the Junior
Statesman summer program at Stanford University, Princeton University, or
Georgetown University. Students are schooled in civic engagement, leadership,
and political studies, while getting a feel for the life and work in college.
Those who apply by February 28, 2016 will be automatically considered for one of
the four scholarships set aside for the Northern Marianas. The scholarship
covers tuition, room and board, and transportation costs. For more information,
and to apply, visit http://summer.jsa.org. Complete applications include an
online account, two essays, a letter of recommendation from a teacher, and a
current transcript. Transcripts can be emailed directly to JSA Territory Program
Director Ed Banayat at ebayanat@jsa.org All other parts of the application may
be completed online.

 Opportunities - Federal grants, jobs for and in the Marianas:



 Grants:



     Single Family Housing Repair Loans & Grants - This program provides loans
to very-low-income homeowners to repair, improve and or modernize their homes or
grants to elderly very-low-income homeowners to remove health and safety
hazards. Because of land alienation issues in the NMI, qualified applicants are
limited to unsecured loans of up to $7,499. Qualified applicants age 62 and
older may also apply for grant funding of up to $7,500. Applications will be
processed in the order they are received. No deadline applies. For more
information, go to http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
single-family-housing-repair-loans-grants/hi and click here.

     SMART FY 16 Support for Adam Walsh Act Implementation Grant Program - The
Program assists jurisdictions with developing and/or enhancing programs designed
to implement requirements of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act
(SORNA). The SMART Office is interested in proposals that facilitate, enhance
and maintain jurisdictional implementation of SORNA. Closing date is April 7,
2016. For more information, go to http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/
view-opportunity.html?oppId=281058.

     National Coastal Wetlands Conservation Grant Program - The NCWCG program
provides states with financial assistance to protect and restore coastal
environments. Projects can include: 1. acquisition of a real property interest
(e.g., conservation easement or fee title) in coastal lands or waters (coastal
wetlands ecosystems) from willing sellers or partners for long-term
conservation; 2. restoration, enhancement, or management of coastal wetlands
ecosystems; or 3. a combination of acquisition, restoration, and management.
Closing date is June 29, 2016. For more information, go to http://www.grants.
gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=281103.

     Presidential Awards for Excellence in Science, Mathematics and Engineering
(STEM) Mentoring - The STEM program recognizes individuals for their mentoring
of persons from historically underrepresented racial and ethnic groups, women,
persons with disabilities, and persons from disadvantaged socioeconomic
backgrounds. Any U.S. citizen or permanent resident who has done exemplary,
measurable mentoring in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM)
fields over a sustained 5 year period is eligible for nomination. Closing date
is June 17, 2016. For more information, go to http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/
view-opportunity.html?oppId=281097.

     OVW FY 2016 Training and Services to End Violence Against Women with
Disabilities Grant Program - Disability Grant Program funds programs that
establish and strengthen multidisciplinary collaborative relationships; increase
organizational capacity to provide accessible, safe, and effective services to
individuals with disabilities and deaf individuals who are victims of violence
and abuse; and identify needs within the grantee's organization and/or service
area, and develop a plan to address those identified needs that builds a strong
foundation for future work. Closing date is March 10, 2016. For more
information, go to http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/
view-opportunity.html?oppId=281165.

     Federal Planning Assistance for Broadband and Sustainable Community
Development - Cool & Connected - USDA Rural Utilities Service encourages
communities interested in using broadband service to help revitalize small-town
main streets and promote economic development to apply for Cool & Connected, a
pilot program sponsored by USDA Rural Utilities Service and the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency Office of Sustainable Communities. Closing date
for letters of interest is February 24, 2016. For more information, click here.

     Farm Labor Housing Direct Loans & Grants - USDA Rural Development is
soliciting applications for Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants. The programs
provide affordable financing for the development of housing for domestic farm
laborers. Housing may be constructed in rural and urban areas with a
demonstrated need. Approved applicants receive a 1 percent fixed rate with up to
a 33-year payback period. Funding is available on a first-come, first-served
basis. Pre-applications packages may be obtained at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/FLH_Preapplication_FY2016.pdf. Pre-applications are
due by 5 p.m. April 12 to the Hawaii State Office. Pre-applications may be
submitted to USDA Rural Development, Room 311, Federal Building, 154 Waianuenue
Ave., Hilo, HI 96720. For more information, call (808) 933-8300 or go to
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/farm-labor-housing-direct-loans-grants/
hi.



 Jobs:



     Transportation Security Officer - The Transportation Security
Administration, Department of Homeland Security is accepting applications for a
Transportation Security Officer in Saipan. Incumbent will operate various
screening equipment and technology, perform searches and screening, control
terminal entry and exit points, interact with public, maintain focus and
awareness in a stressful environment, engage in development of critical thinking
skills, and retain and implement knowledge of all applicable Standard Operating
Procedures. Position is open until February 2, 2016. For more information, go to
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/427535500.

     Loan Adjuster - The Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for
TWO Loss Adjusters; one for Saipan and the other for Rota. A Loss Adjuster is an
independent contractor who will visit farms for the purpose of inspecting,
measuring and appraising agricultural crops. Positions are open until February
8, 2016. For inquiries, please call 671-300-8550. Applications can be accessed
at https://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/fm_ct_001_02212014.pdf.



 Highlights in the Legislative Program:



 THIS WEEK:



     Votes were postponed this week due to inclement weather.



 NEXT WEEK:



 On the floor



     Complete Consideration of H.R.3662 - Iran Terror Finance Transparency



     Consideration of the Veto Message on H.R.3762 - Restoring Americans'
Healthcare Freedom Act



     H.R.2187 - Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act



     H.R.3784 - SEC Small Business Advocate Act of 2016



     H.R.4168 - Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Act



     Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R.515 - International Megan's Law to
Prevent Child Exploitation and Other Sexual Crimes Through Advanced Notification
of Traveling Sex Offenders



     H.R.400 - Trafficking Prevention in Foreign Affairs Contracting Act



     Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R.4188 - Coast Guard Authorization Act
of 2015



     H.R.3700 - Housing Opportunity Through Modernization Act of 2015



     H.R.1675 - Encouraging Employee Ownership Act of 2015



 Committee Hearings



 February 2



     Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans Legislative Hearing



     Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs Oversight Hearing
on "The Need for the Establishment of a Puerto Rico Financial Stability and
Economic Growth Authority"



     Committee on Education and Workforce Full Committee Markup



 February 3



     Committee on Education and the Workforce Hearing on "Expanding Educational
Opportunity Through School Choice"



     Committee on Natural Resources Full Committee Markup



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                3 of 9 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                            August 25, 2015 Tuesday

USDA loans and grants available for rural residents

BYLINE: By Lisa Maue lmaue@ruidosonews.com on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 726 words


Grants and loans are available through a USDA Rural Development program and, for
at least one person in Lincoln County, the opportunity has been life-changing.

The focus of the Single Family Housing Repair Loan and Grants or 504 Home Repair
Program is on assisting residents who live in rural areas. According to its
website, USDA provides loans to very-low income homeowners to repair, improve or
modernize homes and grants to very-low income homeowners to remove health and
safety hazards.

To be eligible, the person applying must be a homeowner who is occupying the
house, who has had difficulty finding affordable credit elsewhere, has a family
income below 50 percent of the area median income and for, grants, be age 62 or
older and not be able to repay a repair loan.

The maximum loan is $20,000 and the maximum grant is $7,500 which is a life-time
limit. Loans can be repaid over 20 years at a fixed interest rate of 1 percent.
For loans over $7,500, full title service is required.

Grants must be repaid if the property is sold in less than three years. If the
applicant can repay only part of the costs, they may be offered a loan and grant
combination.

According to Patricia Young, who went through the process, it can be a lengthy
one, but it is well worth it.

"The paperwork has to go through many departments and offices," Young said. "But
everyone was good about responding to questions. The fact that this money is
available is such a good thing. People like to trash the government, but I have
no complaints. USDA Rural Development has been good to me."

After living in several areas in New Mexico from 1997 through 2007, Young moved
to Kansas to be with her son and grandchildren. When her son died, she was
devastated. She stayed another year but felt that she needed come back to the
mountains.

Young found out about the program from a real estate agent in Wichita, Kansas.

"I realized that I had to have a dream, and that I needed to realize that dream
to keep going," Young said." New Mexico was home, and I needed to come home. The
agent told me about the program and that it was national. I applied for it when
I was still in Wichita. They sent me a certificate of eligibility, and, as soon
as I got that, I started planning my move back."

She found a house in Nogal built in 1983 by a handyman. The house had sticking
windows and doors that were uneven, but a closer examination yielded problems
that escaped both Young and the home inspector.

The previous owner had put new wood on the deck and repainted it, but the
representative from USDA noticed that the foundation under the deck was rotten.
In the basement workshop, Styrofoam block had been used for insulation and the
pipes for the water and electrical lines in the ceiling had been encased in
fiberglass and plastic sheeting and then duct-taped. The tape was coming off and
caustic fiberglass was falling down. On the stairwell, Styrofoam was also used,
but it was coming lose, allowing rodents to come in.

These three projects became priorities.

Young contacted RC Long Construction of Ruidoso. A new deck was constructed and
drywall was put up.

What may seem as small projects to some meant a great deal to Young.

"Losing a child changes your life completely. Nothing is the same anymore,"
Young said. "If death and grief for someone that close to you does anything it
makes you humble and grateful for the smallest things that you never thought
would matter."

The experience also revealed to Young the importance of place.

"This house wasn't just a house; it was a sanctuary for me," Young said.

She is now ready to start a new phase in her life, and she credits the USDA
program with helping her to realize the dream that was born in Kansas.

"This house gave me a safe place, first of all, but also a place to heal," Young
said. "These mountains are to me a spiritual journey. I couldn't have been
happier with the outcome."

So happy, in fact, that she delights in telling others about the program and her
experience with it.

"I have recommended the program to others, especially women on a fixed incomes,
who need the money but don't have it readily available," Young said. "This
process gave me a focal point. How can you give up when there is an opportunity
out there? It is all about focus and whether you feel as if you deserve it. We
all deserve to have a good life. What else is there?"

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lisa Maue   Ruidoso News Patricia Young on her deck.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                                4 of 9 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                              April 5, 2015 Sunday

4-5 Local briefs

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Briefs; Pg. 4-5 NEWS Local Briefs::2

LENGTH: 1076 words


bkm

CHEYENNE

Science standards review committee seeking members

A call is going out to all Wyoming residents who are interested in serving on
the 2015 Wyoming Science Standards Review Committee.

The work of this committee will begin this summer with two to four days of
meetings in June and possibly July. The science standards will outline what
students should know and be able to do at the end of each grade level. Standards
are concise, written descriptions that describe educational objectives. They do
not describe any particular teaching practice, curriculum or assessment method.

If you are interested in serving on this committee, complete the survey at
http://goo.gl/forms/evtnR44brK. The survey will close at 11:45 p.m. Wednesday,
April 22.

Note that completing this survey does not commit you to anything at this time,
nor does it sign you up to serve. You are simply expressing an interest in
participating. Standards committee members will be chosen from the list of those
interested and will be contacted directly through the email address they provide
in the survey.

For questions regarding the committee work or the survey, contact Laurie
Hernandez at laurie.hernandez@wyo.gov or 777-3469.

USDA offers housing repair and rehabilitation loans and grants

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Home Repair Housing program provides access
to financing for very low-income homeowners who are unable to obtain credit
elsewhere in need of repairs and home improvements to ensure health and safety
or help maintain basic quality standards.

A rural owner-occupied homeowner whose house needs repairs may be eligible for a
loan or grant. Grants are only available to homeowners who are 62 or older to
remove health and safety hazards, and cannot repay a home repair loan.

Income and property eligibility guidelines have been established for each county
in the state. To ensure your area and income is eligible, you can access the
following website:
http://eligibility.sc.egov.usda.gov/eligibility/welcomeAction.do.

Very low-income families can receive up to $20,000 in loan funds, with repayment
terms up to 20 years, depending on their income available to repay the loan. The
interest rate is 1 percent. Grants of up to $7,500 (lifetime assistance) and
loan/grant combinations are available to applicants who are 62 or older.

Loans and grants cannot be used to assist in the construction of a dwelling or
make repairs to a dwelling that is in such poor condition that, with completed
repairs, the dwelling continues to be a major hazard to the safety and health of
its occupants.

For more information, visit http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
single-family-housing-repair-loans-grants.

DWS encourages unemployment information to file online

The Wyoming Department of Workforce Services' Unemployment Insurance Division is
encouraging individuals to file for unemployment insurance benefits online.

Filing online is an option for those who want to avoid extended wait times
associated with filing claims over the telephone.

Claimants can file for benefits and print a copy of their claim summary for
their records at the following site:
https://doe.state.wy.us/InetClaims/.Unemployment insurance is a program to help
workers who have lost their job through no fault of their own.

For additional information about unemployment insurance benefits, review the
Wyoming claimant guidebook online at wyomingworkforce.org or call 473-3789.

Wyoming scores high for timeliness of election information

Wyoming ranks among the top states in the nation for the quality and timeliness
of election information given to candidates for public office, according to a
recently released study of state election offices.

The Election Division of the Wyoming Secretary of State's Office scored high
marks for answering candidates' questions in a timely manner and providing them
with accurate and complete information, according to

Ballotpedia

, a nonpartisan organization that provides information to the public on politics
and elections.

"We are pleased that this study affirms one of our core values which is to
provide quality customer service," said Secretary of State Ed Murray in a
statement. "The conduct of elections is one of the most important functions of
the Secretary of State's Office and ensuring that candidates have timely and
accurate information is one of the keys to a successful election."

According to the

Ballotpedia

study, "Candidates with highly accessible election agencies can find a number of
resources to help them through this process, while candidates whose states are
on the other end of the spectrum may need to stumble through the process on
their own."

To conduct the study,

Ballotpedia

sent emails to state election offices posing as candidates.

Wyoming received the top score for providing a detailed response within 24
hours.

Ballotpedia

also examined the websites of state election offices, evaluating the content and
ease of access of information to candidates.

Local veterans encouraged to attend "Town Hall" meeting

Veterans, their families and survivors are invited to participate in a U.S.
Department of Veterans Affairs town hall discussion to hear the latest on VA
benefit programs and provide their own feedback on benefits and services
provided by VA.

The Cheyenne Veterans Service Center is inviting public participation in the
town hall that will be held from 5 to 7 p.m. Thursday the Ambulatory Care
Waiting Room of the Cheyenne Veteran Affairs Medical Center, which is located at
2360 E. Pershing Blvd.

The meeting is open to all members of the public, including Congressional
stakeholders, veterans service organizations, state and local governmental and
non-governmental organizations and community partners.

The town hall is one of many being held around the country.

New VA Secretary Robert McDonald announced the town hall meetings to improve
communications with veterans, improve the delivery of VA benefits and services
and rebuilding trust among all those that the VA serves.

Claims representatives will be available to provide one-on-one counseling on
benefits.

VA representatives will also be available to assist Veterans in enrolling in

eBenefits

, which is a VA and Department of Defense website with over 55 self-service
options.

VA welcomes frank and open discussion of veterans' concerns in all VA program
areas. Following the town hall, regional office officials will brief VA's
leaders on the input received and suggestions for improvements.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                                5 of 9 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 13, 2016 Sunday

Business Buzz, March 13, 2016

BYLINE: Autumn Granza, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1079 words


March 13--Utility makes donation

Pennsylvania American Water presented a Firefighting Support Grant to the
Kingston Fire Department. The $850 donation is to purchase new portable radios.
Firefighting support grants are intended to provide financial assistance to fire
and emergency organizations service communities in the company's service area.

Salon opens: Alexlar Salon, located at 126 Laurel St., Suite No. 3, Pittston,
held its grand opening. The salon offers a wide range of services including
cuts, color, permanents, smoothing and recovery treatments, as well as facial
waxing. Owner, Lisa Borthwick, has more than 16 years of professional
experience. Appointments may be made by calling 570-569-2793; walk-ins are
welcome.

New chamber members: The Greater Wilkes-Barre Chamber of Commerce welcomes new
members, including Casey Dental, Pittston Twp.; the Game Chateau Board Game
Cafe, 315 Strip, Plains Twp.; JLA & Associates, Mountain Top; the Passion
Lounge, Wilkes-Barre; Reliable Telecom Supply Inc., Dallas; Coordinated Health,
regional; Edwardsville Borough, Edwardsville; First Home Care, Regional; Jordan
Essentials, Exeter; Member Business Financial Services Inc., regional; TimedWin
Marketing & Media, Tunkhannock; Value Place Wilkes-Barre, Wilkes-Barre; Weber
Gallagher Law, Scranton; and Woodforest National Bank, Pittston Twp.

Bank makes donation: Community Bank NA made a $12,500 donation to Wyoming
Seminary in support of its scholarship funds through the Educational Improvement
Tax Credit Program. Also, the bank made a $10,000 gift to the school in support
of the Pennsylvania Opportunity Scholarship Tax Credit Program. Funds received
through the Opportunity Scholarship Program will be used to provide tuition
assistance in the form of scholarships to eligible students residing within the
boundaries of a low-achieving school.

Law firm recognized: The American Institute of Personal Injury Attorneys
recognized the performance of McDonald & McGregor LLC as 2015 10 Best Personal
Injury Law Firm for Client Satisfaction. The American Institute of Personal
Injury Attorneys is a third-party attorney rating organization that publishes an
annual list of the top 10 personal injury attorneys in each state. Attorneys who
are selected to the "10 Best" list must pass the selection process, which is
based on client and/or peer nominations, thorough research and AIOPIA's
independent evaluation.

Commercial franchise opens: RE/MAX Commercial Partners, Stroudsburg, is the only
100 percent Commercial RE/MAX Real Estate firm in Northeast Pennsylvania. It
will serve Carbon, Monroe, Pike, Northampton, Lehigh, Luzerne, Lackawanna and
Wayne counties.

Restaurant helps local charities: Three local charities have joined forces with
three Jersey Mike's Subs locations for the 6th annual March "Month of Giving"
fundraising campaign. During the month of March, customers can make donations to
St. Vincent de Paul Soup Kitchen, Jersey Mike's in Wilkes-Barre; Shepherd's
Maternity House, Jersey Mike's in Bartonsville; and St. Francis of Assisi
Kitchen, Jersey Mike's in Dickson City. The campaign will culminate in Jersey
Mike's "Day of Giving" on Wednesday, March 30, when local Jersey Mike's
restaurants will donate 100 percent of the day's sales.

Chamber seeking businesses: The Greater Hazleton Chamber of Commerce women's
networking committee is seeking businesses to display their wares in its 10th
annual Ladies Night Out. The event, sponsored by Le-high Valley Hospital
Hazleton, will take place on Wednesday, April 6, from 5:30 to 8 p.m. at
Theodora's Restaurant in Drums. For more information or to secure a space for
the event, call 570-455-1509 or lfallabel@hazletonchamber.org RSVP at the event
link on the chamber calendar, www.hazletonchamber.org.

Hospitals recognized: Highmark announced select hospitals in Pennsylvania have
earned the Blue Distinction Center or Blue Distinction Center designation in the
categories of cardiac care and maternity care. Blue Distinction Centers are
nationally designated health care facilities, which are shown to deliver
improved patient safety and better health outcomes. Hospitals currently
designated include: Berwick Hospital Center (Blue Distinction Center, maternity
care); Geisinger Community Medical Center (Blue Distinction Center, cardiac
care); Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center (Blue Distinction Center,
maternity care; Blue Distinction Center, cardiac care); Moses Taylor Hospital
(Blue Distinction Center, maternity care); Wilkes-Barre General Hospital (Blue
Distinction Center, maternity care).

Bar Association receives award: The Pennsylvania Bar Association presented a
County Bar Recognition award to the Lackawanna Bar Association during the 50th
annual seminar of the Conference of County Bar Leaders. Recognized for its 125th
anniversary celebration, the Lackawanna Bar Association is one of 24 local bar
associations in Pennsylvania honored this year for sponsoring projects that
improve the legal profession, justice system or community.

Bank donates to cancer institute: Peoples Security Bank and Trust Co. donated
$5,000 to the Northeast Regional Cancer Institute in support of its 25th
anniversary celebration. The donation will assist the cancer institute with
providing services and support to those afflicted with cancer, and also with
hosting awareness events throughout the year.

University hosts conference: The Misericordia University chapter of the American
Association of University Professors and Misericordia University hosted the
inaugural Pennsylvania AAUP Alliance Conference, "Best Practices in Higher
Education: Grounding Priorities in the Common Good," in February. The conference
was sponsored by the Northeast Pennsylvania AAUP Alliance.

Bank donates to school: The Wyoming Valley Montessori School in Kingston
received an earned income tax credit contribution in the amount of $10,000 from
Fidelity Deposit and Discount Bank.

Funding for home repairs: Homeowners in rural areas who need repairs to their
homes but can't afford regular loans may be eligible for participation in USDA
Rural Development's Single Family Housing Repair Loans & Grants Program. For
more information, call 717-237-2266.

SUBMIT BUSINESS BUZZ items to business@times-shamrock.com or The Times- Tribune,
149 Penn Ave., Scranton, PA 18503

___ (c)2016 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160313-YC-Business-Buzz-March-13-2016-0313-20160313

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2016 The Citizens' Voice


                                6 of 9 DOCUMENTS


                    The Laurinburg Exchange (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 21, 2017 Tuesday

Housing money available to Scotland residents

BYLINE: The Laurinburg Exchange, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 274 words


Feb. 21--LUMBERTON -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development
announced this morning that federal funding is still available through its
Single Family Housing Direct Loan program for eligible low-income residents in
Scotland County who wish to purchase or build a home.

No down payment is required.

"The Single Family Housing Direct Loan program helps improve quality of life in
rural North Carolina serving low-income families, the elderly, and persons with
disabilities," said Mel Ellis, acting state director.

The Single Family Housing Direct program is open to people in Scotland, Robeson,
Bladen, Cumberland, Hoke, and Sampson counties. It offers 100 percent, fixed
rate financing with a 33-year term.

Many loans also qualify for payment assistance (subsidy), which can drop the
effective loan rate to as low, as one percent, often resulting in a monthly
payment lower than the average rent expense for a borrower. Applicants must have
a stable source of income, an acceptable credit history and be able to
demonstrate repayment ability.

USDA also offers a Single Family Housing Repair Loan and Grant program to
eligible, very-low income owners who need to repair their existing home. This is
a one-percent fixed rate loan with a maximum term of 20 years. The grant program
can help elderly (62 or older), very-low income homeowners offset the cost of
removing health and safety hazards.

For information contact the Lumberton office at 910-739-3349 Ext. 4.

___ (c)2017 The Laurinburg Exchange (Laurinburg, N.C.) Visit The Laurinburg
Exchange (Laurinburg, N.C.) at www.laurinburgexchange.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170221-1LX-Housing-money-available-to-Scotland-residents-0221-20170221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LX


                     Copyright 2017 The Laurinburg Exchange


                                7 of 9 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

York and Adams

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 777 words


No bus service on Easter

Rabbittransit will not operate any service on Sunday, March 27, in observance of
Easter. For more information, call customer service at 1-800-632-9063 or visit
www.rabbittransit.org.

Hanover

Register now for Trinity preschool

Trinity Nursery School, 116 York St., Hanover, is accepting registrations for
the 2016-2017 school year.

Classes are filled on a first come-first served basis. Space is available in
these classes:

2-year-olds: 8:30-10 a.m. or 10:30 a.m.-12 p.m. Monday and Wednesday.

3-year-olds: 12:30-2:30 p.m. Tuesday and Thursday.

4-year-olds: 12:15-2:45 p.m. Tuesday and Thursday; and 12:45-3:15 p.m. Monday,
Wednesday and Friday.

5-year-olds (pre-K): 12:15-2:45 p.m. Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

The nursery school is staffed by qualified teachers and a parent helper is
assigned each day.

Registration packets can be picked up at the church office. For information,
call 637-2126 or email trinitynurseryhanover@gmail.com

New Oxford

Vendors wanted for antique show

The New Oxford Area Chamber of Commerce is seeking vendors of quality antiques
and handmade crafts for the 60th Annual Antique Market and Craft Show, 8 a.m.-4
p.m. June 18. Visit www.newoxford.org for information.

Adams County

Young Conservatives sponsor essay contest

The Adams County Young Conservatives group is sponsoring an essay contest in two
age groups, ages 14-18 and ages 19-21.

Choose one of two topics: Is the nomination process of selecting delegates who
vote at a nominating convention still relevant today? Why or why not?; or What
is one thing you would change about either major political party, and why.

Essays should be 400 to 700 words, typed and double spaced. Prizes of $50 gift
cards will be awarded for the top entry in each age group. Submit essays by
April 25 to eah7274@embarqmail.com, or by mail to Zach Brillhart/Essay Contest,
P.O. Box 3415, Gettysburg, PA 17325. For details, call 717-451-3309.

Thurmont, Md.

Apply now for Youth Conservation Corp job

The National Park Service is accepting applications for the 2016 Youth
Conservation Corps (YCC) program at Catoctin Mountain Park, 6602 Foxville Road,
Thurmont, Md.

The program runs June 27 to Aug. 19 for ages 15 to 18. Duties will include
monitoring of rare plant populations, gypsy moth monitoring, exotic plant
control and removal, trail maintenance and construction, and painting projects.
Pay is $8.75 per hour.

Applications may be obtained from local high school guidance counselors or by
contacting Becky Loncosky at 301-416-0536, Becky_loncosky@nps.gov or in person
at the park. Application deadline is April 15.

Fairfield

Register kindergarten students

Registration and screening at Fairfield Area Elementary School, 4840 Fairfield
Road, will be 8:30-11:30 a.m. and 1:30-3:30 p.m. March 31 in the school library.

Call 717-642-2016 for an appointment. Parents must accompany their student and
should bring their child's birth certificate, immunization records, proof of
residency and legal custody order if applicable. Child must be age 5 before
Sept. 1.

Pick up a registration packet prior to March 31 in the elementary office or a
print the packet from www.fairfieldpaschools.org.

York County

Volunteers needed to sew

Aseracare Hospice is seeking volunteers with sewing skills to make Memory
Pillows for families that have lost a loved one.

Volunteers will create a pillow from an article of clothing chosen by the
family. The Aseracare Hospice provides holistic care and end-of-life support for
patients with a terminal illness and their families. For information or to
volunteer, contact Carol Shull at 717-845-8599.

Statewide

Loans available to rural homeowners

Homeowners in rural areas who need repairs to their homes but can't afford
regular loans may be eligible for participation in USDA Rural Development's
Single Family Housing Repair Loans & Grants Program.

The program, also known as the Section 504 Home Repair Program, aims to provide
loans for very low-income homeowners to repair, improve or modernize their
homes. A 504 loan can reach a maximum of $20,000 at a fixed interest rate of 1
percent. The 504 Program also provides grants, which can be worth a maximum of
$7,500 and may only be issued to eligible seniors aged 62 and older, and may
only be used for the removal of health and safety hazards.

Applications are taken year-round. For information call 717-237-2266 or visit
http://www.rd.usda.gov/pa.

Submit your news

Share your news with The Evening Sun by emailing it to news@eveningsun.com Be
sure to include the event name, venue, address, time and date, admission cost
and a phone number or website for more information. Submit news at least two
weeks before your upcoming event.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: hes


                         Copyright 2016 The Evening Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                                8 of 9 DOCUMENTS


                       The Anson Record, Wadesboro, N.C.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            June 17, 2015 Wednesday

Manufactured home business offers resources to low-income families

BYLINE: Abby Cavenaugh, The Anson Record, Wadesboro, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 460 words


June 17--Davis Family Homes, a manufactured and modular home dealer located in
Peachland, has begun to offer valuable resources to low-income families looking
to purchase their first home.

Salesperson Robin Davis said that since the business opened about a year ago,
the number of people coming in who qualify for low-income assistance has been
staggering. "I have learned that there's a big need for low-income families to
get some help," she said.

So she contacted the USDA to set up some programs to help low-income families be
able to purchase homes. "I believe we've spoken to 400 people about it in the
past year," she said. "We were probably three to four months into the business
in Anson County when we realized we had a lot of people coming in who needed
assistance."

Davis said that many families who visit the modular and manufactured home center
have no idea how to get started in the home buying process. "We've seen so many
people that have walked away, and have gone to banks, we think, and never came
back because they didn't hear good news."

Through the USDA's Rural Development and Rural Housing Service, Davis Family
Homes offers three specific programs to help low-income families realize their
dream of owning a home: Single Family Housing Repair Loans & Grants, Rural Home
Loans (Direct Program) and Single Family Home Loan Guarantees.

Applicants must meet income guidelines in order to qualify for the programs, and
must live in an eligible rural area. The paperwork and application process can
be confusing and daunting, Davis said, so she and the rest of the staff at Davis
Family Homes, often offer to help families in need.

"I would encourage everyone to go to the USDA website and look at some of the
information," she said. "But then a lot of people in these rural areas don't
have access to the Internet."

She encourages those who might be interested to call Davis Family Homes at
704-272-7327. Business hours are Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m., and
Saturday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. but other hours are available by appointment.

"They walk in a bit intimidated, but always leave with smiles and hugs," Davis
said.

She added that she's also looking into other programs, such as partnering with
local organizations to provide classes for potential homeowners.

Arthur Davis, the 96-year-old patriarch of Davis Family Homes, is very
passionate about the housing business. "He's been doing this for a long time,"
Davis said. "He -- and I -- feel that everyone deserves to live in a decent
home."

Editor Abby Cavenaugh may be reached at 704-694-2161, ext. 2301 or on Twitter
@TheAnsonRecord.

___ (c)2015 The Anson Record (Wadesboro, N.C.) Visit The Anson Record
(Wadesboro, N.C.) at www.ansonrecord.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150617-1AN-Manufactured-home-business-offers-resources-to-low-income-families-
0617-20150617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AN


                Copyright 2015 The Anson Record, Wadesboro, N.C.


                                9 of 9 DOCUMENTS


                       Gainesville Daily Register (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 7, 2015 Tuesday

Area residents come together for community cleanup

BYLINE: Cathy Mounce, Gainesville Daily Register, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 656 words


July 07--Registration deadlines for aid are fast approaching for Cooke County
residents impacted by the recent flooding conditions.

According to Angie Hare, executive Cooke County United Way director, two phone
calls must be made to qualify for assistance.

"First call FEMA at 1-800-621-3362," Hare said. "Beginning in July FEMA will
have an office open in the Cooke County Annex Building, on site July 11 and July
13-18 from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Deadline to apply is July 28."

Hare also said recovery victims must call the Cooke County Voluntary
Organizations Active in Disaster (VOAD)-Long Term Disaster Recovery Committee
(VOAD) at 940-665-1793.

"By calling both numbers, you will be placed in touch with resources to assist
you in flood recovery or debris removal," Hare said. "In fact, we have youth
groups on hand this week assisting with flood cleanup for many of our citizens
who have signed up. It is part of the 'Day of Caring' event that was postponed
due to the May weather."

"To have debris removed, you must have a voucher," Hare said. "Contact the VOAD
number by July 31 receive a voucher for cleanup assistance and debris removal."

On Tuesday, Reverend Scott Sundbye of Faith Lutheran Church organized a cleanup
at the home of Eugenio Romero off FM371.

"We had a great group of kids from four area churches," Sundbye said.
"Gainesville's Faith Lutheran, Whitesboro First Baptist, St. Peters Catholic
Church from Lindsay and Central Baptist of Whitesboro."

"The kids worked hard to clean up a pile of debris," he said. "Following lunch,
the kids will visit Pecan Tree Health Care Center to visit with residents there
then off to swimming at Lake Kiowa this afternoon."

Participants in today's "Day of Caring" cleanup include Dane Sundbye, Mollie
Lucas, Tyler Maddox, Brooke La Rue, Payton Duke, Kaitlyn Brock, Tristan Brock,
Sarah Turner, Trinity Holman, Jocelyn Grewing and Mia Burrows.

Other groups coming in for the 'Day of Caring' week include the United Methodist
Army of North Texas consisting of over 100 kids, and the First United Methodist
Church out of Allen.  Whaley Methodist is providing room and board for the
groups while in the area.

"These kids will be doing community projects, building ramps for wheel chair
bound individuals, working at the Valley View Clothes Closet, and helping with
yard cleanup." Hare said.

Hare said the United Way office is a great source for information regarding
assistance and deadlines for registration.

Small Business Administration (SBA) loans and renters disaster assistance
deadlines are July 28.

Hare said many farmers and ranchers are able to access programs with varying
deadlines.

These include the Texas State STAR fund for farmers and ranchers with a deadline
July 28.

Also available is assistance through the United States Department of Agriculture
including: Emergency loan assistance; non-insured crop disaster assistance;
livestock indemnity program; tree assistance program; emergency assistance for
livestock, honeybees and farm-raised fish programs; emergency loan programs;
emergency conservation program; hay assistance; single family housing repair
loans; and grants (section 504 Home Repair program); and rural home loans
(section 502 loan program)

Those incurring loss of job or business due to the weather-related event must
contact the Texas Workforce Commission DUA by a July 17 deadline.

Veterans are urged to contact Sharon Flinn with the Texoma Council of
Governments at 903 813 3596.

Individuals and business 90 day tax return extensions can be available. Also aid
is available through the National Disaster Legal Aid, Lone Star legal aid and
individuals can file complaints for insurance coverage.

For more information, contact the Cooke County VOAD office at 940-665-1793.

___ (c)2015 the Gainesville Daily Register (Gainesville, Texas) Visit the
Gainesville Daily Register (Gainesville, Texas) at www.gainesvilleregister.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150707-XG-Area-residents-come-together-for-community-cleanup-0707-20150707

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XG


                   Copyright 2015 Gainesville Daily Register
